--- Page 1 ---
30890-5-651-v5.14 
 
 
47-40641047 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Dated: 18 December 2020  
MEDIOBANCA - BANCA DI CREDITO FINANZIARIO S.P.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Republic of Italy) 
MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (LUXEMBOURG) S.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in Luxembourg) 
Euro 40,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
guaranteed in the case of Notes issued by Mediobanca International (Luxembourg) S.A. 
by 
MEDIOBANCA - BANCA DI CREDITO FINANZIARIO S.P.A. 
 
Under the Euro 40,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) described in this Base Prospectus (as defined below), each of Mediobanca - 
Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. (“Mediobanca”) and Mediobanca International (Luxembourg) S.A. (“Mediobanca International”) (each, an “Issuer” and 
together the “Issuers”) may from time to time issue senior preferred notes (the “Senior Preferred Notes”) and Mediobanca may from time to time issue senior non 
preferred notes (the “Senior Non Preferred Notes” and, together with the Senior Preferred Notes, the “Senior Notes”) and subordinated notes (“Subordinated 
Notes” and, together with the Senior Notes, the “Notes”), subject in each case to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives. The payment of all 
amounts due in respect of any Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca International will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Mediobanca (in such 
capacity, the “Guarantor”) under a deed of guarantee and subject to the limitations thereof executed by the Guarantor and dated 16 December 2019 (the “Deed of 
Guarantee”) (see “General Description of the Euro 40,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme” – “Status of the Guarantee” on page 29). Notes issued 
under the Programme (other than the Senior Non Preferred Notes) will have denominations of not less than EUR 1,000 (or, where the Notes are denominated in a 
currency other than Euro, the equivalent amount in such other currency), while Senior Non Preferred Notes issued under the Programme will have a denomination of 
at least EUR 250,000 (or, where the Senior Non Preferred Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such other currency). 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks, see “Risk Factors” beginning on page 2. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank”) as competent authority under the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”), the Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed 
under Irish and EU law pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuers or of the quality of the Notes 
that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such approval relates only to the 
Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (the "MiFID II”) and/or which are to be 
offered to the public, in any Member State of the European Economic Area. Application will be made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin 
(“Euronext Dublin”) for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months after the date hereof to be admitted to the official list (the “Official List”) 
of Euronext Dublin and to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, which is a regulated market for the purpose of MiFID II. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading (as the case may be) on such other or further stock exchange(s) or market(s) as may be 
agreed between the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable) and the relevant Dealer (as defined in “Plan of Distribution”). Unlisted Notes or Notes not 
admitted to trading on any market may also be issued. This Base Prospectus comprises two base prospectuses (one for each Issuer, each of which referred to herein as 
the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Central Bank may, at the request of the relevant Issuer, send to the competent authority of another European Economic Area Member State (i) a copy of this Base 
Prospectus; and (ii) a certificate of approval pursuant to Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance 
with the Prospectus Regulation (a “Certificate of Approval”). 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and any other terms and conditions not 
contained herein which are applicable to each Tranche (as defined below) of Notes will be set out, in the final terms (the “Final Terms”) which, with respect to Notes 
to be listed on the Official List of the Euronext Dublin, will be delivered to the Euronext Dublin. 
For the terms and conditions of the Notes governed by English law to be issued under the Programme (the “English Law Notes”) see “Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes” below (the “Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes”) and for the terms and conditions of the Notes governed by Italian law to be 
issued under the Programme (the “Italian Law Notes”) see “Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes” below (the “Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law 
Notes”). References to the “Notes” shall be to the Notes governed by English law and/or Italian law, as appropriate and references to the “Terms and Conditions” or 
the “Conditions” shall be to the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes and/or the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes, as appropriate.  
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), or any state securities laws, and may not 
be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) except pursuant 
to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The Notes will be offered and sold in offshore transactions 
outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act. The Notes will be in bearer form and as such are subject to certain U.S. tax law 
requirements. 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR, LIBOR, LIBID, LIMEAN or CMS which are respectively provided by the European 
Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”) for EURIBOR and ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (“ICE”) for LIBOR and CMS. as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, both EMMI and ICE appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by European 
Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011(the “Benchmarks Regulation”). 
Arranger of the Programme 
MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Dealers 
BANCA AKROS S.p.A. Gruppo Banco BPM 
BARCLAYS 
BNP PARIBAS 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND INVESTMENT BANK 
CREDIT SUISSE 
IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo 
J.P. MORGAN 
MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
NATWEST MARKETS 
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE CORPORATE & INVESTMENT BANKING 
UNICREDIT BANK

--- Page 2 ---
i 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This document constitutes a Base Prospectus for each Issuer for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Responsibility for this Base Prospectus 
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor accepts responsibility for the information contained in this 
document and, to the best of the knowledge of each of the Issuers and the Guarantor (which have taken 
all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case), the information contained in this Base Prospectus is 
in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor, having made all reasonable enquiries confirms that (i) this Base 
Prospectus contains all information with respect to each of the Issuers, the Guarantor, and their 
subsidiaries taken as a whole (the “Group” or the “Mediobanca Group”), the Notes, and the deed of 
guarantee executed by the Guarantor and dated 16 December 2019 with respect to Senior Preferred 
Notes issued by Mediobanca International (the “Deed of Guarantee”) which is material in the context of 
the issue and offering of Notes, (ii) the statements contained in this Base Prospectus relating to each of 
the Issuers, the Guarantor and the Group are in every material respect true and accurate and not 
misleading, the opinions and intentions expressed in this Base Prospectus with regard to the Issuers, the 
Guarantor and the Group are honestly held, have been reached after considering all relevant 
circumstances and are based on reasonable assumptions, (iii) there are no other facts in relation to each 
of the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Group, the Notes or the Deed of Guarantee the omission of which 
would, in the context of the issue and offering of Notes, make any statement in this Base Prospectus 
misleading in any material respect and (iv) all reasonable enquiries have been made by each of the 
Issuers and the Guarantor to ascertain such facts and to verify the accuracy of all such information and 
statements. 
Final Terms/Drawdown Prospectus 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out hereunder “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes” (the “Conditions”) and in a document specific to such Tranche called final 
terms (the “Final Terms”) or in a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (the “Drawdown 
Prospectus”) as described under “Final Terms, Supplements and Further Prospectuses” below. 
Public Offers of Notes in the European Economic Area and in the United Kingdom 
Certain Tranches of Notes (other than the Senior Non Preferred Notes which shall have a denomination of 
at least EUR 250,000) with a denomination of less than EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency) may, subject as provided below, be offered in any Member State of the European Economic 
Area or in the United Kingdom in circumstances where there is no exemption from the obligation under 
the Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus. Any such offer is referred to in this Base Prospectus as 
a “Public Offer”. This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits Public Offers of Notes 
in Ireland (a “Public Offer Jurisdiction”). Any person making or intending to make a Public Offer of 
Notes in a Public Offer Jurisdiction on the basis of this Base Prospectus must do so only with the consent 
of the Issuer – see “Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation (Retail 
Cascades)” below. 
If after the date of this Base Prospectus the Issuer intends to add one or more Member States to the list of 
Public Offer Jurisdictions for any purpose, it will prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus specifying 
such Member State(s) and any relevant additional information required by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Such supplement will also set out provisions relating to the consent of the Issuer to the use of this Base 
Prospectus in connection with any Public Offer in any such additional Public Offer Jurisdiction. 
In the context of any Public Offer of Notes in a Public Offer Jurisdiction, the Issuer accept responsibility 
in that Public Offer Jurisdiction, for the content of this Base Prospectus in relation to any person (an 
“Investor”) who purchases any Notes in that Public Offer Jurisdiction made by a Dealer or an Authorised 
Offeror (as defined below), where that offer is made during the Offer Period (as defined below). 
Except in the circumstances described below, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor has authorised the 
making of any offer by any offeror and neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor has consented to the use of 
this Base Prospectus by any other person in connection with any offer of the Notes in any jurisdiction.

--- Page 3 ---
ii 
 
 
Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation (Retail Cascades) 
Any offer made without the consent of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (as applicable) is unauthorised 
and neither the relevant Issuer nor the Guarantor (as applicable), nor, for the avoidance of doubt, any of 
the Dealers accepts any responsibility or liability in relation to such offer or for the actions of the persons 
making any such unauthorised offer. 
If, in the context of a Public Offer, an Investor is offered Notes by a person which is not an Authorised 
Offeror, the Investor should check with such person whether anyone is responsible for this Base 
Prospectus for the purpose of the relevant Public Offer and, if so, who that person is. 
If an Investor is in any doubt about whether it can rely on this Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible 
for its contents, the Investor should take legal advice. 
Consent to the use of this Base Prospectus 
Common conditions to Consent 
The conditions to the consent of the Issuers and the Guarantor are (in addition to the conditions described 
in either sub-paragraph (a) (Specific Consent) or sub-paragraph (b) (General Consent) under “Specific 
Consent and General Consent” below) that such consent: 
(i) 
is only valid in respect of the relevant Tranche of Notes; 
(ii) 
is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
only extends to the use of this Base Prospectus to make Public Offers of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes in such of the Public Offer Jurisdictions as are specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The consent referred to above relates to Public Offers occurring within twelve months from the date of 
this Base Prospectus. 
Specific Consent and General Consent 
Subject to the conditions set out above under “Common Conditions to Consent”, each of the Issuers and 
the Guarantor consents to the use of this Base Prospectus in connection with a Public Offer of Notes in 
any Public Offer Jurisdiction by: 
(a) 
Specific Consent: 
(i) 
the Dealers specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
any financial intermediaries specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
any financial intermediary appointed after the date of the applicable Final Terms and 
whose name is published on the website of the Issuers (https://mediobanca.com) and 
identified as an Authorised Offeror in respect of the relevant Public Offer; and 
(b) 
General Consent: 
if General Consent is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, any other financial 
intermediary which: 
(i) 
is authorised to make such offers under Directive 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as 
amended, including under any applicable implementing measure in each relevant 
jurisdiction (“MiFID II”); and

--- Page 4 ---
iii 
 
 
(ii) 
accepts such offer by publishing on its website the following statement (with the 
information in square brackets duly completed with the relevant information) (the 
“Acceptance Statement”): 
“We, [insert legal name of financial intermediary], refer to the [insert title of relevant 
Notes] (the “Notes”) described in the Final Terms dated [insert date] (the “Final 
Terms”) published by [ISSUER] (the “Issuer”) and [GUARANTOR] (the 
“Guarantor”). 
In consideration of the Issuer [and the Guarantor] offering to grant their consent to our 
use of the Base Prospectus (as defined in the Final Terms) in connection with the offer of 
the Notes in [insert name(s) of relevant Public Offer Jurisdiction(s)] during the Offer 
Period in accordance with the Authorised Offeror Terms (as specified in the Base 
Prospectus), we accept the offer by the Issuer [and Guarantor]. We confirm that we are 
authorised under MiFID II to make, and are using the Base Prospectus in connection 
with, the Public Offer accordingly. 
Terms used herein and otherwise not defined shall have the same meaning as given to such terms in the 
Base Prospectus.” 
Any financial intermediary falling within this sub-paragraph (b) who wishes to use this Base Prospectus 
in connection with a Public Offer is required, for the duration of the relevant Offer Period specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, to publish a duly completed Acceptance Statement on its website. 
Authorised Offerors 
The financial intermediaries referred to in sub-paragraphs (a)(ii) and (a)(iii) and sub-paragraph (b), above, 
are together referred to herein as the “Authorised Offerors”. 
Arrangements between an Investor and the Authorised Offeror who will distribute the Notes 
Neither the Issuers nor the Guarantor (nor, for the avoidance of doubt, any of the Dealers) has any 
responsibility for any of the actions of any Authorised Offeror, including compliance by an Authorised 
Offeror with applicable conduct of business rules or other local regulatory requirements or other 
securities law requirements in relation to such offer. 
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO ACQUIRE OR ACQUIRING ANY NOTES IN A PUBLIC OFFER 
FROM AN AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL DO SO, AND OFFERS AND SALES OF SUCH NOTES 
TO AN INVESTOR BY SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE MADE, IN ACCORDANCE 
WITH ANY TERMS AND OTHER ARRANGEMENTS IN PLACE BETWEEN SUCH AUTHORISED 
OFFEROR AND SUCH INVESTOR INCLUDING AS TO PRICE, ALLOCATIONS, EXPENSES AND 
SETTLEMENT ARRANGEMENTS. NEITHER THE ISSUERS NOR THE GUARANTOR WILL BE A 
PARTY TO ANY SUCH ARRANGEMENTS WITH SUCH INVESTORS IN CONNECTION WITH 
THE PUBLIC OFFER OR SALE OF THE NOTES CONCERNED AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS 
BASE PROSPECTUS AND ANY FINAL TERMS WILL NOT CONTAIN SUCH INFORMATION. 
THE INVESTOR MUST LOOK TO THE RELEVANT AUTHORISED OFFEROR AT THE TIME OF 
SUCH OFFER FOR THE PROVISION OF SUCH INFORMATION AND THE AUTHORISED 
OFFEROR WILL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR SUCH INFORMATION. NONE OF THE ISSUERS, THE 
GUARANTOR AND THE DEALERS HAS ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO AN 
INVESTOR IN RESPECT OF SUCH INFORMATION. 
IN THE EVENT OF AN OFFER BEING MADE BY A FINANCIAL INTERMEDIARY, SUCH 
FINANCIAL INTERMEDIARY WILL PROVIDE INFORMATION TO INVESTORS ON THE 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER AT THE TIME THE OFFER IS MADE. 
Public Offers: Issue Price and Offer Price 
Notes to be offered pursuant to a Public Offer will be issued by the relevant Issuer at the Issue Price 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Issue Price will be determined by the relevant Issuer and the 
Guarantor (as applicable) in consultation with the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of the relevant Public 
Offer and will depend, amongst other things, on the interest rate applicable to the Notes and prevailing 
market conditions at that time. The offer price of such Notes will be the Issue Price or such other price as

--- Page 5 ---
iv 
 
 
may be agreed between an Investor and the Authorised Offeror making the offer of the Notes to such 
Investor. Neither the Issuers nor the Guarantor will be party to arrangements between an Investor and an 
Authorised Offeror, and the Investor will need to look to the relevant Authorised Offeror to confirm the 
price at which such Authorised Offeror is offering the Notes to such Investor. 
Other relevant information 
The language of this Base Prospectus is in English. Any foreign language text that is included with or 
within this Base Prospectus has been included for convenience purposes only and does not form part of 
this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed with any supplement hereto and with any other 
documents incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, should be read and 
construed together with the relevant Final Terms. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject 
of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or 
identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information 
being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
Purchases of Notes may be made through a duly appointed Dealer of the relevant Issuer. The relevant 
Issuer may also offer and sell Notes directly to investors without the involvement of any Dealer. 
The Issuers and the Guarantor will enter into a Dealer Agreement with the Dealers in connection with 
the issue of Notes for the purpose of the distribution of the Notes to prospective investors. Pursuant to the 
terms of the Dealer Agreement, the relevant Issuer may appoint one or more Dealer(s) under the 
Programme to subscribe or procure subscribers for all or part of the Notes of the relevant Series. See the 
section on “Plan of Distribution” in this Base Prospectus for further details. This Base Prospectus does 
not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of either the Issuers, the Guarantor or any of 
the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
The Dealers and PricewaterhouseCoopers, as auditor to Mediobanca International, have not separately 
verified the information contained in this Base Prospectus. None of the Dealers makes any representation 
express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of 
the information in this Base Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any financial statements are 
intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a 
recommendation by either of the Issuers, the Guarantor or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this 
Base Prospectus or any financial statements should purchase any Notes. 
Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems 
necessary. None of the Dealers undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuers or 
the Guarantor during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise 
any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the 
Dealers. 
Unauthorised information 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or 
not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme 
or any information supplied by any of the Issuers or the Guarantor or such other information as is in the 
public domain and, if given or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as 
having been authorised by any of the Issuers, the Guarantor or any of the Dealers. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this 
Base Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as 
to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus. Neither the 
delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, 
under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of any of the 
Issuers or the Guarantor since the date hereof or the date upon which this document has been most 
recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve 
any adverse change, in the financial position of any of the Issuer or the Guarantor since the date hereof 
or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that any other

--- Page 6 ---
v 
 
 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date 
on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
Restrictions on distribution 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of Notes in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. Each of the Issuers, the Guarantor and the Dealers do not represent that this Base 
Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any 
applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption 
available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. No 
Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, to the public, and neither this Base Prospectus nor 
any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except 
under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons 
into whose possession this Base Prospectus, any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and 
observe any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of 
Notes. In particular, the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and are 
subject to U.S. tax law requirements. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuers and the Guarantor for use in connection with the 
offer and sale of Notes in reliance upon Regulation S of the Securities Act outside the United States to 
non-U.S. persons or in transactions otherwise exempt from registration. Its use for any other purpose in 
the United States is not authorised. It may not be copied or reproduced in whole or in part nor may it be 
distributed or any of its contents disclosed to anyone other than the prospective investors to whom it is 
originally submitted. 
The Notes have not been approved or disapproved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, any 
state securities commission in the United States or any other U.S. regulatory authority, nor have any of 
the foregoing authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Notes or the accuracy 
or the adequacy of this Base Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in the 
United States. 
For a description of additional restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or 
sale of Notes in the United States, the European Economic Area (including the United Kingdom and 
Italy) and other jurisdictions, see “Plan of Distribution”. 
PRIIPs/ IMPORTANT - EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or in the 
United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID 
II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, (as amended, the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA or in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
EEA or in the UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET - The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending such Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be 
made at the time of issue about whether, for the purpose of the product governance rules under EU 
Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for a 
Tranche of Notes is a manufacturer in respect of that Tranche, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the

--- Page 7 ---
vi 
 
 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance Rules. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore 
(the SFA) - Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be 
issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities 
and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as 
defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-
N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Benchmarks Regulation - Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to 
EURIBOR, LIBOR, LIBID, LIMEAN or CMS which are respectively provided by the European Money 
Markets Institute (“EMMI”) for EURIBOR and ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (“ICE”) for 
LIBOR and CMS. At the date of this Base Prospectus, both ICE and EMMI have been authorised as 
regulated benchmark administrators pursuant to Article 34 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the 
“Benchmarks Regulation”) and appear on the public register of administrators established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation.

--- Page 8 ---
vii 
 
 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s) (the “Stabilising 
Manager(s)”)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to 
supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. 
However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date 
on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made 
and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager) in accordance with all applicable 
laws and rules. 
***** 
Notes may be issued on a continuous basis in series (each, a “Series”) having one or more issue dates 
and on terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect of the first payment of interest), the 
Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series 
may be issued in tranches (each, a “Tranche”) on different issue dates. The specific terms of each 
Tranche (which, save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and principal 
amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be set 
forth in the relevant Final Terms, the form of which is set out in “Form of Final Terms” below. 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme 
will not exceed Euro 40,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency 
shall be translated into Euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes calculated in accordance 
with the provisions of the Dealer Agreement, as defined under “Plan of Distribution”). The maximum 
aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be outstanding at any one time under the Programme 
may be increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealer 
Agreement. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires: references to 
“Member State” are references to Member States of the European Economic Area, references to the 
“UK” are references to the United Kingdom; references to”$”, “U.S.$”, “USD” and “US Dollars” are 
to the lawful currency of the United States of America; references to “Euro” are to the single currency 
introduced at the start of the third stage of the European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the 
Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended; references to “£” “GBP” and “Pounds 
Sterling” are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom; and references to “Yen” are to the lawful 
currency of Japan. 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is 
rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described herein or the rating(s) 
assigned to Notes already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a 
relevant Tranche of Notes will be (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA or in the UK 
and registered under the CRA Regulation, or (2) issued by a credit rating agency which is not established 
in the EEA but will be endorsed by a credit rating agency which is established in the EEA or in the UK 
and registered under the CRA Regulation, or (3) issued by a credit rating agency which is not established 
in the EEA or in the UK but which is certified under the CRA Regulation, will be disclosed in the Final 
Terms. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.

--- Page 9 ---
1 
 
 
CONTENTS  
 
 
RISK FACTORS ........................................................................................................................................ 2 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE EURO 40,000,000,000 EURO MEDIUM TERM NOTE 
PROGRAMME ........................................................................................................................................ 29 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ........................................................................ 42 
FINAL TERMS, SUPPLEMENTS AND FURTHER PROSPECTUSES ........................................... 45 
FORMS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................................................... 46 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES ...................................................... 50 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ITALIAN LAW NOTES ....................................................... 96 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ................................. 142 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................. 145 
INFORMATION ON MEDIOBANCA - BANCA DI CREDITO FINANZIARIO S.P.A. .............. 147 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF MEDIOBANCA - BANCA DI CREDITO FINANZIARIO 
S.P.A. ....................................................................................................................................................... 172 
INFORMATION ON MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (LUXEMBOURG) S.A. .................... 173 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (LUXEMBOURG) 
S.A. ........................................................................................................................................................... 177 
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION .................................................................................................................. 178 
GENERAL CONSENT — THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR TERMS ............................................ 185 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................... 187 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................ 227 
GENERAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................................ 245 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS............................................................................................................. 249

--- Page 10 ---
2 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks. In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk 
that the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable) may become insolvent or otherwise be unable to 
make all payments due in respect of the Notes.  
The Issuers have identified and described in this section a number of factors which could materially 
adversely affect their businesses and ability to make payments due under the Notes. Most of these factors 
are contingencies that may or may not occur.  However, the inability of the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor to pay interest or repay principal on the Notes may occur for other reasons which may not be 
considered significant risks by the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor based on the information currently 
available to them or which they may not currently be able to anticipate. 
The risks that are specific to the Issuer are presented in 3 categories, and those specific to the Notes are 
presented in 2 categories, in each case with the most material risk factor presented first in each category 
and the remaining risk factors presented in an order which is not intended to be indicative either of the 
likelihood that each risk will materialise or of the magnitude of its potential impact on the business, 
financial condition and results of operations of the Issuers. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere and incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus and consider carefully whether an investment in the Notes is suitable 
for them in the light of the information in this Base Prospectus and their personal circumstances, based 
upon their own judgement and upon advice from such financial, legal and tax advisers as they have 
deemed necessary, prior to making any investment decision. 
Words and expressions defined in “Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes" and "Terms and 
Conditions of the Italian Law Notes" or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meaning in this 
section. Prospective investors should read the whole of this Base Prospectus, including the information 
incorporated by reference. Unless otherwise specified, the term "Terms and Conditions" shall refer to 
both the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law 
Notes and any reference to a "Condition" shall be to both a Condition under the Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes and a Condition under the Terms and Conditions of the Italian. 
1. 
MATERIAL RISKS THAT ARE SPECIFIC TO THE ISSUERS AND THAT MAY AFFECT 
THE ISSUERS’ ABILITY TO FULFIL THEIR OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE NOTES  
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
(A) 
Risks relating to the Issuers’ activities and the market where the Issuers operate; 
(B) 
Risks relating to the Issuers’ financial situation; 
(C) 
Risks relating to the legal and regulatory framework. 
(A) 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUERS’ ACTIVITIES AND THE MARKET WHERE THE ISSUERS 
AND THE GROUP OPERATE.  
Systemic risks in connection with the economic/financial crisis and the Covid-19 Pandemic 
The evolution of the macroeconomic scenario could negatively affect the economic and financial situation 
of the Issuer and/or of the Mediobanca Group, and in particular its liquidity, profitability and capital 
solidity, leading the Issuers and/or the Mediobanca Group to incur losses, increase the cost of financing 
and reduce the value of assets held.  
The Issuers’ performance is also influenced by the general economic situation, both national and for the 
Eurozone as a whole, and by the trend on financial markets, in particular by the solidity and growth 
prospects of the geographical areas in which the Issuers operate. The macroeconomic scenario currently 
reflects considerable areas of uncertainty, in relation to: (a)  the trends in the real economy with reference 
to the prospects of recovery and growth in the national economy and/or resilience of growth in the 
economies of those countries, such as the United States and China, which have delivered growth, even

--- Page 11 ---
3 
 
 
substantial, in recent years; (b) future developments in the monetary policy of the European Central Bank 
for the Eurozone area, and the U.S. Federal Reserve Board for the US dollar area, and the policies 
implemented by various countries to devalue their own currencies for competitive reasons; (c) the 
sustainability of the sovereign debt of certain countries, and the tensions noted more or less frequently on 
financial markets. 
In this respect, the outbreak of Covid-19 pandemic, which began in China at the end of January 2020 and 
expanded globally in a few months, has had and is still having significant negative consequences on the 
overall scenario and in turn on the Italian banking sector in which the Issuer operates. Furthermore, the 
measures implemented by the competent authorities, and mainly the Italian Government, on the one side, 
helped facing the health emergency, while on the other had massive negative consequences in human, 
social and economic terms. Indeed, such measures led to a reduction in revenues on the majority of the 
corporate customers, an increase of costs related to the actions necessary to contain and prevent the 
spread of Covid-19 and, in turn, on the ability to pay existing debt (potentially also vis-à-vis the Issuer) 
and on current employment levels. Any of such circumstances may have an impact on the Issuers’ results 
and, in turn, on the Issuers’ ability to pay interest or repay principal under the Covered Bonds. 
Despite the actions taken so far by the Italian government, the regulatory bodies of the European Union 
and the relevant member states to mitigate the negative impacts of the anti-Covid-19 measures and 
support the economic recovery, significant uncertainties still remain about the evolution, severity and 
duration of the pandemic.Should the Covid-19 pandemic and the consequent economic crisis situation 
persist in the forthcoming months, further negative impacts may arise on the Issuers’ business situation, 
also due to the fact that such crisis situation increase the materiality of most of the risks to which the 
Issuer is exposed to, which are detailed below, and in turn the Group’s results and financial condition 
might be materially adversely affected. 
The Issuers’ financial results are affected by changes in interest rates 
Fluctuations in interest rates in Italy and in the other markets in which the Mediobanca Group operates 
influence the Mediobanca Group’s performance. The results of each Issuer’s banking operations are 
affected by its management of interest rate sensitivity (i.e. Interest rate sensitivity refers to the 
relationship between changes in market interest rates and changes in net interest income. A mismatch of 
interest- earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities in any given period, which tends to accompany 
changes in interest rates, may have a material effect on the Issuers’ financial condition or results of 
operations. 
The Issuers' financial results may be affected by market declines and volatility 
The results of the Issuers may be affected by general economic, financial and other business conditions.  
During recessionary periods, there may be less demand for loan products and a greater number of the 
Issuers' customers may default on their loans or other obligations.  Interest rate rises may also impact the 
demand for mortgages and other loan products. The risk arising from the impact of the economy and 
business climate on the credit quality of the Issuers' borrowers and counterparties, including sovereign 
states, can affect the overall credit quality and the recoverability of loans and amounts due from 
counterparties. 
The Issuers are therefore exposed by its very nature to potential changes in the value of financial 
instruments, including securities issued by sovereign states, due to fluctuations in interest rates, exchange 
rates and currencies, stock market and commodities prices and credit spreads, and/or other risks. 
The Issuers are subject to credit risk and market risk 
Credit risk relates to the risk of loss arising from counterparty default or, more generally, from 
counterparties failure to perform their contractual obligations. Therefore, the Issuers’ business depends 
on the creditworthiness of its borrowers and counterparties, including sovereign states, which can affect 
the recoverability of loans and amounts due to the Issuers. 
Notwithstanding any policy implemented to hedge or otherwise manage their exposure to credit risk, the 
Issuers may not have access to all relevant information regarding its customers and their financial 
position, before granting loans. Any failure to properly understand the financial and economic profile of

--- Page 12 ---
4 
 
 
their customers could have an adverse effect on the Issuers’ business and financial results. 
In addition, during recessionary periods, there may be less demand for loan products and a greater 
number of the Issuers' customers may default on their loans or other obligations.  Interest rate rises may 
also impact the demand for mortgages and other loan products. The risk arising from the impact of the 
economy and business climate on the credit quality of the Issuers' borrowers and counterparties, 
including sovereign states, can affect the overall credit quality and the recoverability of loans and 
amounts due from counterparties, with a consequent negative impact on the Issuers’ business and 
financial results.  
Market risk relates to the risk arising from market transactions in connection with financial instruments, 
currencies and commodities.  The Issuers' trading revenues are dependent upon its ability to identify 
properly, and mark to market, changes in the value of financial instruments caused by changes in market 
prices or interest rates.  The Issuers' financial results also depend upon how effectively the Issuers 
determine and assesse the cost of credit and manages their credit risk and market risk concentration. In 
addition, due to market fluctuations, weak economic conditions and/or a decline in stock and bond prices, 
trading volumes or liquidity, the Issuers’ financial results may also be affected by a downturn in the 
revenues deriving from their margin interests, principal transactions, investment banking and securities 
trading fees and brokerage activities. 
The credit and capital markets have been experiencing extreme volatility and disruption in recent months. 
To the extent that any of the instruments and strategies the Issuers use to hedge or otherwise manage their 
exposure to credit or capital markets risk are not effective, the Issuers may not be able to mitigate 
effectively their risk exposures in particular market environments or against particular types of risk. The 
Issuers’ trading revenues and interest rate risk are dependent upon their ability to identify properly, and 
mark to market, changes in the value of financial instruments caused by changes in market prices or 
interest rates. The Issuers’ financial results also depend upon how effectively the Issuers determine and 
assesse the cost of credit and manage their credit risk and market risk concentration. In addition, due to 
market fluctuations, weak economic conditions and/or a decline in stock and bond prices, trading volumes 
or liquidity, the Issuers’ financial results may also be affected by a downturn in the revenues deriving 
from its margin interests, principal transactions, investment banking and securities trading fees and 
brokerage activities. 
Risk relating to the Issuers investment banking and financial advisory activities 
The Issuers’ investment banking revenues, in the form of financial advisory and debt and equity 
underwriting fees, are directly related to the number and size of the transactions in which the Issuers 
participate and may be impacted by continued or further credit market dislocations or sustained market 
downturns. Sustained market downturns or continued or further credit market dislocations and liquidity 
issues would also likely lead to a decline in the volume of capital market transactions that the Issuers 
execute for their clients and, therefore, to a decline in the revenues that it receives from commissions and 
spreads earned from the trades the Issuer executes for its clients. Further, to the extent that potential 
acquirers are unable to obtain adequate credit and financing on favourable terms, they may be unable or 
unwilling to consider or complete acquisition transactions, and as a result the Issuers’ merger and 
acquisition advisory practice would suffer. 
In addition, declines in the market value of securities can result in the failure of buyers and sellers of 
securities to fulfil their settlement obligations, and in the failure of the Issuers’ clients to fulfil their credit 
obligations. During market downturns, the Issuers’ counterparties in securities transactions may be less 
likely to complete transactions. Also, the Issuers often permit their clients to purchase securities on 
margin or, in other words, to borrow a portion of the purchase price from the Issuers and collateralize the 
loan with a set percentage of the securities. During steep declines in securities prices, the value of the 
collateral securing margin purchases may drop below the amount of the purchasers’ indebtedness. If the 
clients are unable to provide additional collateral for these loans, the Issuers may lose money on these 
margin transactions. In addition, particularly during market downturns, the Issuers may face additional 
expenses defending or pursuing claims or litigation related to counterparty or client defaults.  
Risks connected to the presence of OTC derivatives in the Group’s portfolio 
The investors should note that the portfolio of the Group contains so-called “over the counter” (“OTC”)

--- Page 13 ---
5 
 
 
derivatives. The fair value of these OTC derivatives depends upon both the valuation and the perceived 
credit risk of the instrument insured or guaranteed or against which protection has been bought and the 
credit quality of the protection provider. Market counterparties have been adversely affected by their 
exposure to residential mortgage linked products, and their perceived creditworthiness has deteriorated 
significantly since 2007. Although the Group seeks to limit and manage direct exposure to market 
counterparties, indirect exposure may exist through other financial arrangements and counterparties. If 
the financial condition of market counterparties or their perceived creditworthiness deteriorates further, 
the Group may record further credit valuation adjustments on the underlying instruments insured by such 
parties. 
Any primary or indirect exposure to the financial condition or creditworthiness of these counterparties 
could have a material adverse impact on the results of operations, financial condition and prospects of the 
Group. 
Risk relating to intense competition, especially in the Italian market, where the Group has the largest 
concentration of its business 
Competition is intense in all of the Mediobanca Group's primary business areas in Italy and the other 
countries in which the Mediobanca Group conducts its business. The Mediobanca Group derives most of 
its total banking income from its banking activities in Italy, a mature market where competitive pressures 
have been increasing quickly.  If the Mediobanca Group is unable to continue to respond to the 
competitive environment in Italy with attractive product and service offerings that are profitable for the 
Mediobanca Group, it may lose market share in important areas of its business or incur losses on some or 
all of its activities.  
The Issuers are subject to operational risk 
The adverse effects on the Issuers may impact on whether they can make the payments due on the Notes 
issued under the Programme. The Issuers, like all financial institutions, are exposed to many types of 
operational risk, including the risk of fraud by employees and outsiders, unauthorised transactions by 
employees or operational errors, including errors resulting from faulty computer or telecommunication 
systems. The Issuers' systems and processes are designed to ensure that the operational risks associated 
with the Issuers' activities are appropriately monitored.  Any failure or weakness in these systems, 
however, could adversely affect the Issuers' financial performance and business activities.  
The Issuers’ operation is dependent upon the correct functioning of the IT systems, which might 
expose the Group to certain risks  
The financial losses or impacts on the Issuers’ operations that may arise may impact on whether they can 
make the payments due on the Notes issued under the Programme. The Issuers’ operation depends on, 
among other things, the correct and adequate operation of the Issuers’ IT systems, as well as their 
continuous maintenance and constant updating. 
Although the Issuers have always invested significant resources in upgrading its IT systems and 
improving its defense and monitoring systems, possible risks remain with regard to the reliability of the 
systems (e.g. disaster recovery), the quality and integrity of the data managed and the threats to which IT 
systems are subject, as well as physiological risks related to the management of software changes (change 
management), which could have negative effects on the Issuers’ business, results of operations and 
financial condition. 
Among the risks that the Issuers might face relating to the management of IT systems are the possible 
violations of its systems due to unauthorized access to the Issuers’ corporate network or IT resources, the 
introduction of viruses into computers or any other form of abuse committed via internet. Like attempted 
hacking, such violations have become more frequent over the years throughout the world and therefore 
can threaten the protection of information relating to the Issuers and their customers and can have 
negative effects on the integrity of the Issuers’ IT systems, as well as on the confidence of their customers 
and on the Issuers reputation, with possible negative effects on the Issuers’ business, results of operations 
and financial condition. 
In addition, the Issuers’ substantial investment in resources in software development creates the risk that

--- Page 14 ---
6 
 
 
when one or more of the above-mentioned circumstances occurs, the Issuers’ may suffer financial losses 
or impacts on the Issuers’ operations if the software is destroyed or seriously damaged, or will incur 
repair costs for the violated IT systems. 
(B) 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUERS’ FINANCIAL SITUATION 
Liquidity Risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Issuers will be unable to meet their obligations as they fall due, because 
of their inability to obtain funding (i.e., funding liquidity risk) and/or because of their difficulties to sell 
assets without incurring in a capital loss due to the illiquid nature of the market (i.e., market liquidity 
risk). 
The liquidity of the Issuers may be affected by (i) national and international markets’ volatility; (ii) 
potential adverse developments of general economic, financial and other business conditions; (iii) 
circumstances making the Issuers temporarily unable to obtain access to capital markets by issuing debt 
instruments; (iv) credit spreads; (v) regulatory developments in the prudential requirements field; and (vi) 
variations in the Issuers’ creditworthiness – which may affect the aforementioned market liquidity risk. 
All the above circumstances may derive from factors – as market disruptions – which do not depend on 
the Issuers’ will, but may adversely affect their liquidity profile. 
Risks in connection with the exposure of the Group to Eurozone sovereign debt 
In carrying out its activities, the Group holds substantial volumes of public-sector bonds, including bonds 
issued by European countries. The Group’s total exposure in this respect as at 30 June 2020 is set out in 
the tables A.1.2a and A.1.2b of Part E on page 273 of the audited consolidated annual financial 
statements of Mediobanca as at and for the year ended 30 June 2020 incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus. This could give rise to operational disruptions to the Group’s business. 
Risks connected to a potential rating downgrade 
At the date of this Prospectus, Mediobanca is rated (i) by A-2 (short-term Issuer Credit Rating “ICR”), 
BBB (long-term ICR), BBB (long-term ICR) and negative (outlook) S&P, (ii) F3 (short-term Issuer 
Default Rating “IDR”), BBB- (long-term IDR) and stable (outlook) by Fitch and (iii) P-2 (short-term 
Counterparty Risk and Deposits Rating), Baa1 (long-term Counterparty Risk and Deposits Rating) and 
stable (outlook) by Moody’s. Each of S&P, Fitch and Moody’s are established in the European Union and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, (as amended from time to 
time) (the “CRA Regulation”) as set out in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation published on the website of the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant 
to the CRA Regulation.  
A downgrade of Mediobanca’s rating (for whatever reason) might result in higher funding and 
refinancing costs for Mediobanca in the capital markets. In addition, a downgrade of Mediobanca’s rating 
may limit Mediobanca’s opportunities to extend mortgage loans and may have a particularly adverse 
effect on Mediobanca’s image as a participant in the capital markets, as well as in the eyes of its clients. 
These factors may have an adverse effect on Mediobanca’s financial condition and/or the results of its 
operations. 
In addition, Mediobanca’s credit ratings are potentially exposed to the risk of reductions in the sovereign 
credit rating of the Republic of Italy. On the basis of the methodologies used by rating agencies, any 
downgrades of Italy’s credit rating may have a potential knock-on effect on the credit rating of Italian 
issuers such as Mediobanca and make it more likely that the credit rating of Notes issued under the 
Programme are downgraded. 
(C) 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE LEGAL AND REGULATORY FRAMEWORK 
Changes in the Italian and European regulatory framework could adversely affect the Issuer’s 
business

--- Page 15 ---
7 
 
 
Mediobanca is subject to extensive regulation and supervision by the Bank of Italy, the Commissione 
Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa (the Italian securities market regulator or “CONSOB”) the European 
Central Bank and the European System of Central Banks. Mediobanca International is subject to 
extensive regulation and supervision by the CSSF, the European Central Bank and the European System 
of Central Banks . 
The banking laws to which the Issuers are subject govern the activities in which banks and foundations 
may engage and are designed to maintain the safety and soundness of banks, and limit their exposure to 
risk. In addition, the Issuers must comply with financial services laws that govern their marketing and 
selling practices. The regulatory framework governing the international financial markets is currently 
being amended in response to the credit crisis, and new legislation and regulations are being introduced in 
Italy and the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and could significantly alter the Issuers’ capital requirements. 
The supervisory authorities mentioned above govern various aspects of the Issuers, which may include, 
among other things, liquidity levels and capital adequacy, the prevention and combating of money 
laundering, privacy protection, ensuring transparency and fairness in customer relations and registration 
and reporting obligations. In order to operate in compliance with these regulations, the Issuers have  in 
place specific procedures and internal policies. Despite the existence of these procedures and policies, 
there can be no assurance that violations of regulations will not occur, which could adversely affect the 
Group’s results of operations, business and financial condition. The above risks are compounded by the 
fact that, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, certain laws and regulations have only been approved and 
the relevant implementation procedures are still in the process of being developed. 
The Bank Recovery and Resolution Package is intended to enable a range of actions to be taken in 
relation to credit institutions and investment firms considered to be at risk of failing. The 
implementation of the directive or the taking of any action under it could materially affect the value of 
any Notes 
Directive 2014/59/EU (the “BRRD”) as amended by Directive 2017/2399 (the “BRRD Amending 
Directive”) and Directive 2019/879 (the “BRRD II” and, jointly with the BRRD and the BRRD 
Amending Directive, the “BRRD Package”) provides for the establishment of an EU-wide framework 
for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms. The BRRD has been 
implemented in (i) Italy through the adoption of the Legislative Decrees No. 180/2015 and 181/2015 and 
(ii) the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg through the adoption of the Law of 18 December 2015. 
The BRRD Package contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or in 
combination where the relevant resolution authority considers that: (a) an institution is failing or likely to 
fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent the 
failure of such institution within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public 
interest: (i) sale of business - which enables resolution authorities to direct the sale of the firm or the 
whole or part of its business on commercial terms; (ii) bridge institution - which enables resolution 
authorities to transfer all or part of the business of the firm to a “bridge institution” (an entity created for 
this purpose that is wholly or partially in public control); (iii) asset separation - which enables resolution 
authorities to transfer assets to one or more publicly owned asset management vehicles to allow them to 
be managed with a view to maximising their value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this can 
be used together with another resolution tool only); and (iv) bail-in - which gives resolution authorities 
the power to write down certain claims of unsecured creditors of a failing institution and to convert 
certain unsecured debt claims into shares or other instruments of ownership (i.e. shares, other instruments 
that confer ownership, instruments that are convertible into or give the right to acquire shares or other 
instruments of ownership, and instruments representing interests in shares or other instruments of 
ownership) (the “General Bail-in Tool”), which equity could also be subject to any future application of 
the General Bail-In Tool. 
In addition to the General Bail-in Tool, the BRRD Package provides for resolution authorities to have the 
further power to permanently write-down or convert into equity capital instruments such as subordinated 
notes at the point of non-viability and before or concurrently with any other resolution action is taken 
(“non-viability loss absorption”). Any shares issued to holders of the Notes upon any such conversion 
into equity capital instruments may also be subject to any application of the General Bail-in Tool.

--- Page 16 ---
8 
 
 
For the purposes of the application of any non-viability loss absorption measure, the point of non-viability 
under the BRRD Package is the point at which the relevant authority determines that the institution or its 
group meets the conditions for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) or that the 
institution and/or its group will no longer be viable unless the relevant capital instruments are written-
down or converted or extraordinary public support is to be provided and the appropriate authority 
determines that without such support the institution would no longer be viable. 
In the context of these resolution tools, the resolution authorities have the power to amend or alter the 
maturity of debt instruments and other eligible liabilities issued by an institution under resolution or 
amend the amount of interest payable under such instruments and other eligible liabilities, or the date on 
which the interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period, except for 
those secured liabilities which are subject to Article 44(2) of the BRRD. 
Moreover, the European Commission has proposed a harmonised national insolvency ranking of 
unsecured debt instruments to facilitate credit institutions’ issuance of such loss absorbing debt 
instruments, by creating, inter alia, a new asset class of “non-preferred” senior debt instruments with a 
lower rank than ordinary senior unsecured debt instruments in insolvency. In such perspective, the 
proposed amendments to Article 108 of the BRRD aim at enhancing the implementation of the bail-in 
tool and at facilitating the application of the “minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities” 
(“MREL”) requirement concerning the loss absorption and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions 
and investment firms. As such, the amendments provide an additional means for credit institutions and 
certain other institutions to comply with the forthcoming MREL requirement and improve their 
resolvability, without constraining their respective funding strategies. 
The powers set out in the BRRD Package and the application of the MREL requirement will impact credit 
institutions and investment firms and how they are managed as well as, in certain circumstances, the 
rights of creditors under the Programme. 
Risk related to major regulatory changes 
In the wake of the global financial crisis that began in 2008, the Basel Committee on Banking 
Supervision approved a number of capital adequacy and liquidity requirements (“Basel III”) aimed at 
reaching higher and better-quality capital and risk coverage and at implementing measures to promote the 
build-up of capital that can be drawn down in periods of stress, the introduction of a leverage ratio as a 
backstop to the risk-based requirement as well as two global liquidity standards. The Basel III framework 
adopted a gradual approach, with the requirements to be implemented over time, with full enforcement in 
2019.  
Moreover, the Basel Committee has embarked on a very significant risk weighted assets (“RWAs”) 
variability agenda. This includes the Fundamental Review of the Trading Book, revised standardised 
approaches (e.g.credit, market, operational risk), constraints to the use of internal models as well as the 
introduction of a capital floor. The regulator’s primary aim is to eliminate unwarranted levels of RWA 
variance. The new setup will have a significant impact on risk modelling. From a credit risk perspective, 
an impact is expected both on capital held against the exposures assessed via standardised approach and 
on those evaluated via an internal ratings based approach (“IRB”), due to the introduction of capital floors 
that, according to the new framework, will be calculated based on the revised standardised approach. 
Implementation of these new rules on risk models will take effect from 1 January 2022. 
At the European level, the Basel III rules have been implemented through two separate legislative 
instruments: Directive 2013/36/EU of 26 June 2013, as amended (the "CRD IV Directive") and 
Regulation (EU) No. 575 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential 
requirements for credit institutions and investment firms (the "CRR" and together with the CRD IV 
Directive, the "CRD IV"). 
The CRD IV has been recently, as well as the BRRD and the SRM Regulation, following the adoption of 
a comprehensive reform package first announced by the European Commission in November 2016 (the 
“EU Banking Reform”). In particular, the EU Banking Reform consists of: 
 
Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
the CRD IV Directive as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial

--- Page 17 ---
9 
 
 
holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation 
measures (the "CRD V"); 
 
Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 
amending the CRR as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own 
funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central 
counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and 
disclosure requirements (the "CRR II"); 
 
Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation 
capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC (the "BRRD II"); and 
 
Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 
amending Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 as regards the loss absorbing and recapitalisation capacity 
of credit institutions and investment firms (the "SRMR II"). 
Risks related to changes in fiscal law 
These recently introduced banking reforms as well as other laws and regulations that may be adopted in 
the future could adversely affect the Issuer's business, financial condition, results of operations and cash 
flow. 
The Issuers are subject to risks associated with changes in tax law or in the interpretation of tax law, 
changes in tax rates and consequences arising from non-compliance with procedures required by tax 
authorities. Any legislative changes affecting the calculation of taxes could therefore have an impact on 
the Issuers' financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. 
With particular refrence to Mediobanca, Mediobanca is required to pay Italian corporate income taxes 
(“IRES”) pursuant to Title II of Italian Presidential Decree no. 917 of 22 December 1986 (i.e. the 
Consolidated Income Tax Law, or “TUIR”) and the Italian regional business tax (“IRAP”) pursuant to 
Legislative Decree no. 446 of 15 December 1997, and the amount of taxes due and payable by 
Mediobanca may be affected by tax benefits from time to time available. 
Mediobanca currently benefits from the stimulus provisions introduced by way of article 1 of Italian 
Law Decree no. 201 of 6 December 2011, as amended and converted into Law no. 214 of 22 December 
2011, concerning “economic-growth allowances” (aiuto alla crescita economica, or “ACE”). The ACE 
rules allow for a deduction from net income for the purposes of IRES of an amount computed by 
applying a notional yield at a rate of 1.3% from 2019 onwards to the increase in net equity (the “ACE 
Base”). The ACE base is, for the first year of application of ACE (i.e. 2011), the amount of equity 
existing at close of that year less the amount of equity as of 31 December 2010 (excluding profits earned 
in 2010) and, for subsequent years, the base carried forward from the previous year as adjusted 
(increased and reduced) to reflect components affecting equity. 
In accordance with article 3 of the Italian Ministerial Decree of 3 August 2017 revising the 
implementing provisions of the ACE legislation, if the amount of the notional yield (i.e. the ACE 
deduction) exceeds net income declared for a given tax year (the “Excess ACE”), such excess (i) may 
increase the amount deductible from income in subsequent tax years without time or amount limits, or 
(ii) may be converted into a tax credit calculated by applying the IRES tax rate, as per article 77 of the 
TUIR, to the Excess ACE amount and then utilised in five annual instalments of equal amount as an 
offset to IRAP up to the amount of tax due for the period.  
From time to time, the Italian budget law may also include provisions that affect the deductibility of 
particular items that could result in an increase in the taxable income of the Issuer for IRES and/or IRAP 
purposes, either in general or for specific tax period(s). 
The Issuer may be affected by new accounting and regulatory standards 
The potentially negative effects on the estimates contained in the financial plans for future years may 
impact on whether the Issuers can make the payments due on the Notes issued under the Programme.

--- Page 18 ---
10 
 
 
Following the entry into force and subsequent application of new accounting standards and/or regulatory 
rules and/or the amendment of existing standards and rules, the Issuer may have to revise the accounting 
and regulatory treatment of some operations and the related income and expense, with potentially 
negative effects on the estimates contained in the financial plans for future years and with the need to 
restate already published financial statements. 
The transposition of the Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive in Luxembourg law could have an impact on 
the tax position of Mediobanca International (including its performance) 
As part of its anti-tax avoidance package, the EU Commission published a draft Anti-Tax Avoidance 
Directive on 28 January 2016, which was formally adopted by the EC Council on 12 July 2016 in Council 
Directive (EU) 2016/1164 (the "ATAD 1"). 
In this respect, the Luxembourg law dated 21 December 2018 (the "ATAD 1 Law") transposed the 
ATAD 1 into Luxembourg legislation. The ATAD 1 Law may have an impact on the tax position of 
Mediobanca International (including on its performance). Amongst the measures contained in the ATAD 
1 Law is an interest deductibility limitation rule.  
The interest deduction limitation rule set out by ATAD 1 has been implemented in article 168bis of the 
Luxembourg income tax law (“LITL”) effective as of 1 January 2019, which restrict, for a Luxembourg 
taxpayer (such as Mediobanca International), the deduction of net interest expenses qualifying as “excess 
borrowing costs” to the higher of (i) 30 per cent. of the taxpayer’s EBITDA (defined as the taxpayer’s 
total net income increased by the amount of its excess borrowing costs, depreciation and amortisation), 
and (ii) €3 million.  
Excess borrowing costs are defined as the amount by which the deductible borrowing costs of a taxpayer 
exceeds the taxpayer’s taxable interest revenues and other economically equivalent taxable income of the 
taxpayer. Excess borrowing costs not deductible in a tax period can be carried forward indefinitely. The 
same applies to a taxpayer’s excess interest capacity which cannot be used in a given tax period 
(however, such excess interest capacity can only be carried forward for a maximum period of 5 years). 
If ATAD should result in the refusal of the tax deductibility of a portion of the interest accrued or paid 
under the Notes, the tax position as well as the performance of Mediobanca International as Issuer could 
be impacted due to the potential increase of its taxable basis. 
2. 
MATERIAL RISKS THAT ARE SPECIFIC TO THE NOTES 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
(A) 
Risks which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with the Notes; 
and 
(B) 
Risks related to the market. 
(A) 
RISKS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET RISKS 
ASSOCIATED WITH THE NOTES  
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
proceed with investment only after fully appreciating the risks inherent in the nature of the Notes; 
(ii) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(iii) 
evaluate, in the context of its particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the 
impact the Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio;

--- Page 19 ---
11 
 
 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behavior of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; 
(v) 
consider all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, including Notes with payments thereunder 
payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for payments thereunder is different 
from the potential investor’s currency; 
(vi) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes; and 
(vii) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
In addition, an investment in Senior Non Preferred Notes may entail significant risks not associated with 
investments in conventional securities such as debt or equity securities, including, but not limited to, the 
risks set out in “Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes” set out below. 
The Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. 
They purchase complex financial instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an 
understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. 
A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it has the 
expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing 
conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this investment will have on the 
potential investor’s overall investment portfolio.

--- Page 20 ---
12 
 
 
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA) Withholding 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, 
a “foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign 
passthru payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. 
The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. 
A number of jurisdictions, including Ireland, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and the Republic of Italy, 
have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to 
implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. 
Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction 
would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. 
Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, 
including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to 1 January 2019 and Notes characterised as 
debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax 
purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations 
defining “foreign passthru payments” are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be 
“grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date. 
However, if additional notes (as described under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes—Further Issues”) 
that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the 
grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all 
Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to 
withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may 
apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to 
FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional 
amounts as a result of the withholding. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular Issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors. This section contains risk factors which are material 
to the Notes being offered and/or admitted to trading. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes or may be perceived to be able to redeem the Notes, the market value of 
those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also 
may be true prior to any redemption period. The relevant Issuer may redeem Notes when its cost of 
borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. 
At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective 
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a 
significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in the light of other 
investments available at that time. In addition, if the relevant Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at 
its option, the exercise of such right is subject to the previsions set forth in Conditions 4(l) (Special 
provision in relation to redemption, purchase or modification of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes and 4(l) (Special provision in relation to redemption, purchase or modification 
of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes (as the case may be) and, in any case, 
the relevant redemption amount of the Notes to be redeemed may be lower than the amount 
corresponding to the then current market value of such Notes as of the relevant redemption date. 
Redemption for taxation reasons 
Unless in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final Terms specifies otherwise, in the 
event that the relevant Issuer (i) would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes 
due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments

--- Page 21 ---
13 
 
 
or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on 
behalf of Grand Duchy of Luxembourg or Italy (as appropriate) or any political subdivision thereof or any 
authority therein or thereof having power to tax or (ii) would become subject to additional amount of 
taxes due to limitation to the deductibility of payments under any Notes), the Issuer may redeem all 
outstanding Notes in accordance with the Conditions .  
At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective 
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a 
significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in the light of other 
investments available at that time. In addition, if the relevant Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at 
its option, the exercise of such right is subject to the previsions set forth in Conditions 4(l) (Special 
provision in relation to redemption, purchase or modification of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes and 4(l) (Special provision in relation to redemption, purchase or modification 
of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes (as the case may be) and, in any case, 
the relevant redemption amount of the Notes to be redeemed may be lower than the amount 
corresponding to the then current market value of such Notes as of the relevant redemption date. 
Regulatory Call 
Subject to Conditions 4(l) (Special provision in relation to redemption, purchase or modification of the 
Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 4(l) (Special provision in relation to 
redemption, purchase or modification of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes 
(as the case may be), if Regulatory Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Senior Notes and 
the Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at the option of the relevant Issuer, in whole, but not in part, at 
any time (if the Subordinated Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if the 
Subordinated Note is a Floating Rate Note) (i) upon the occurrence of a MREL/TLAC Disqualification 
Event (as defined in Condition 4(g) (Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 4(g) (Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes) with respect to the relevant Series of Senior 
Preferred Notes and/or Senior Non Preferred Notes and (ii) in case of Subordinated Notes, the 
Subordinated Notes cease to qualify (in whole or in part) as “Tier II Capital” on a consolidated or non 
consolidated basis, as a result of changes after the date of issue of the relevant Subordinated Notes in the 
standards and guidelines of the Bank of Italy or in the applicable legal or regulatory provisions (including 
legal or regulatory provisions adopted by the European Union).  
At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective 
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes (as the case may be) 
being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should 
consider reinvestment risk in the light of other investments available at that time. In addition, if the 
relevant Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, the exercise of such right is subject to the 
previsions set forth in Conditions 4(l) (Special provision in relation to redemption, purchase or 
modification of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 4(l) (Special 
provision in relation to redemption, purchase or modification of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Italian Law Notes (as the case may be) and, in any case, the relevant redemption amount of the 
Notes to be redeemed may be lower than the amount corresponding to the then current market value of 
such Notes as of the relevant redemption date. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the relevant Issuer may elect to convert, in 
accordance with the provisions of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and/or the Terms 
and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes (as the case may be), from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from 
a floating rate to a fixed rate. The Issuer’s ability to convert the interest rate will affect the secondary 
market and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is 
likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on 
comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any 
time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, 
the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes.

--- Page 22 ---
14 
 
 
To the extent that Multiplier or Reference Rate Multiplier applies in respect of the determination of the 
Interest Rate for the Floating Rate Notes, investors should be aware that any fluctuation of the underlying 
floating rate will be amplified by such multiplier. Where the Multiplier or Reference Rate Multiplier is 
less than 1, this may adversely affect the return on the Floating Rate Notes. 
Maximum/Minimum Interest Rate 
Potential investors in the Senior Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes should also consider that 
where the underlying interest rate does not rise above the level of the Minimum Interest Rate, comparable 
investments in notes which pay interest based on a fixed rate which is higher than the Minimum Interest 
Rate are likely to be more attractive to potential investors than an investment in the Senior Preferred 
Notes and the Subordinated Notes. Under those conditions, investors in the Senior Preferred Notes and 
the Subordinated Notes might find it difficult to sell their Senior Preferred Notes and the Subordinated 
Notes on the secondary market (if any) or might only be able to realise the Senior Preferred Notes and the 
Subordinated Notes at a price which may be substantially lower than the nominal amount. 
To the extent a Maximum Interest Rate applies, investors should be aware that the Interest Rate is capped 
at such Maximum Interest Rate level. Consequently, investors in the Senior Preferred Notes and the 
Subordinated Notes may not participate in any increase of market interest rates, which may also 
negatively affect the market value of the Senior Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes. 
The interest rate on Reset Notes  
If the Senior Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes are issued as Reset Notes, then such Reset 
Notes will initially bear interest at the Initial Rate of Interest from and including the Interest 
Commencement Date up to but excluding the First Reset Date. On the First Reset Date, the Second Reset 
Date (if applicable) and each Subsequent Reset Date (if any) thereafter, the interest rate will be reset to 
the sum of the applicable Mid-Swap Rate and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) as 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date (each such interest rate, a 
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest”). The Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest for any Reset Period could 
be less than the Initial Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest for prior Reset Periods and 
could affect the market value of an investment in the Reset Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend 
to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than to prices for conventional interest-
bearing notes. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the Notes, the greater the price volatility as 
compared to conventional interest-bearing notes with comparable maturities. 
Senior Notes as eligible for the purposes of the MREL/TLAC Requirements is subject to uncertainty 
The Senior Notes are intended to be eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL/TLAC Requirements 
(as defined in Condition 4(g) (Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes and 4(g) (Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes (as the case may be). However, there is uncertainty 
regarding the final substance of the applicable MREL/TLAC Requirements, and the Issuer cannot provide 
any assurance that the Senior Notes will be or remain eligible for the purposes of the MREL/TLAC 
Requirements. The European laws and regulations implementing the TLAC concept may turn out to be 
more restrictive than the provisions set forth in the Final TLAC Standard, and some of the provisions in 
the Final TLAC Standard require further definition or interpretation. In addition, any changes to MREL 
under the European Commission’s combined legislative proposal may be more restrictive than the 
European Commission’s initial proposals or current regulations. The requirements for an instrument to be 
TLAC-eligible and MREL-eligible may not ultimately converge or be consistent under the final European 
laws and regulations. Because of the uncertainty surrounding the substance of the final regulations 
implementing the TLAC requirements and any potential changes to the regulations giving effect to 
MREL, the Issuer cannot provide any assurance that the Senior Notes will ultimately be eligible for the 
purposes of the MREL/TLAC Requirements. If they are not eligible for the purposes of the MREL/TLAC 
Requirements (or if they initially are compliant with the MREL/TLAC Requirements and subsequently 
become ineligible due to a change in the relevant final regulations implementing the MREL/TLAC

--- Page 23 ---
15 
 
 
requirements), then an MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event will occur, with the consequences indicated 
in the risk factor above and in Condition 4(g) (Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 4(g) (Redemption for regulatory reasons 
(Regulatory Call) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes (as the case may be).  
Variation of the terms and conditions of the Senior Notes 
In relation to any series of Senior Notes, if Modification following a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Issuer may upon the occurrence of a 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event modify the terms and conditions of such Senior Notes without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders to the extent that such modification is 
reasonably necessary to ensure that no MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event would exist after such 
modification, provided that the relevant conditions set forth in Condition 9(d) (Modification following a 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 9(d) 
(Modification following a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian 
Law Notes (as the case maybe) are satisfied. For details, see Condition 9(d) Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes and 9(d) (Modification following a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes (as the case maybe). 
Investors should be aware that, where the terms and conditions of such Senior Notes are varied, 
Noteholders may, as a result, among other things, be assessed as a class rather than individually, and any 
tax consequences may be borne by the Noteholder. 
Italian laws and regulations applicable to the Senior Non Preferred Notes  
On 1 January 2018, the Italian law No. 205 of 27 December 2017 (so-called “Legge di Bilancio 2018”) 
came into force introducing certain amendments to the Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 
(the “Italian Banking Act”), including the possibility for banks and companies belonging to banking 
groups to issue senior non-preferred securities (the so-called “strumenti di debito chirografario di 
secondo livello”).  
In particular, the so-called “Legge di Bilancio 2018” introduced, inter alia, a new provision in the Italian 
Banking Act (i.e., Article 12-bis (Strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello)) providing that 
securities (obbligazioni and altri titoli di debito) with a senior non-preferred ranking issued by banks and 
companies belonging to banking groups shall comply with the following requirements: 
 
(i) 
the original maturity period is at least equal to twelve months; 
(ii) are not derivative securities (strumenti finanziari derivanti) (as defined in Article 1, paragraph 3 of 
the Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the “Financial Services Act”)), 
are not linked to derivative securities, nor include any caratheristics of such derivative securities;  
(iii) the minimum denomination is at least equal to EUR 250,000;  
(iv) may be offered only to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as referred to in Article 100, letter 
a), of the Financial Services Act as implemented by Article 34-ter, first paragraph, letter b) of 
Regulation No. 11971/1999 and the relevant applicable provisions set forth in CONSOB Regulation 
No. 20307 of 15 February 2018; 
(v) the prospectus and the agreements regulating the issuance of senior non-preferred securities 
expressly provide that payment of interests and reimbursement of principal due in respect thereof are 
subject to the provisions set forth in of Article 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian Banking 
Act.  
According to Article 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian Banking Act, in case an issuer of senior 
non-preferred securities is subject to compulsory liquidation (liquidazione coatta amministrativa), the 
relevant payment obligations in respect thereof will rank in right of payment (A) after unsubordinated 
creditors (including depositors), (B) at least pari passu with all other present and future unsubordinated 
and non preferred obligations obligations which do not rank or are not expressed by their terms to rank

--- Page 24 ---
16 
 
 
junior or senior to such senior non-preferred securities and (C) in priority to any present or future claims 
ranking junior to such senior non-preferred securities and the claims of the shareholders.  
Furthermore, Article 12-bis of the Italian Banking Act also provides that:  
(A) the provisions set forth in Article 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian Banking Act shall 
apply to such senior non-preferred securities only to the extent that the requirements described in 
paragraphs (i), (ii) and (v) above have been complied with; any contractual provision which does not 
comply with any of the above requirements is invalid but such invalidity does not imply the 
invalidity of the entire agreement; 
(B) the senior non-preferred securities, once issued, may not be amended in a manner that the 
requirements described in paragraphs (i), (ii) and (v) above are not complied with and that any 
different contractual provision is null and void; and 
(C) the Bank of Italy may enact further regulation provding for additional requirements in respect of the 
issuance and the characteristics of senior non-preferred securities. 
Any prospective investor in the Senior Non Preferred Notes should be aware that with reference to 
Articles 12-bis and 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian Banking Act, as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, no interpretation of the application of such provisions has been issued by any Italian court or 
governmental or regulatory authority and no regulation has been issued by the Bank of Italy in respect 
thereof. Consequently, it is possible that any regulation or official interpretation relating to the above will 
be issued in the future by the Bank of Italy or any different authority, the impact of which cannot be 
predicted by the Issuer as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Risk of classification of the Senior Non Preferred Notes  
The intention of Mediobanca is for Senior Non Preferred Notes to qualify on issue as “strumenti di debito 
chirografario di secondo livello” pursuant to and for the purposes of Articles 12-bis and 91, paragraph 1-
bis, letter c-bis of the Italian Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may be 
enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority and also qualify as eligible liabilities available to 
meet the MREL/TLAC Requirements. Current regulatory practice by the Bank of Italy (acting as lead 
regulator) does not require (or customarily provide) a confirmation prior to the issuance of the Senior Non 
Preferred Notes that the Senior Non Preferred Notes will comply with such provisions. 
Although it is Mediobanca’ expectation that the Senior Non Preferred Notes qualify as “strumenti di 
debito chirografario di secondo livello” pursuant to and for the purposes of Articles 12-bis and 91, 
paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation which 
may be enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority and also qualify as eligible liabilities 
available to meet the MREL/TLAC Requirements (as defined in Condition 4(g) (Redemption for 
regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 4(g) 
(Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law 
Notes (as the case may be) there can be no representation that this is or will remain the case during the 
life of the Senior Non Preferred Notes. Upon the occurrence of a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event (as 
defined in Condition 4(g) (Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes and 4(g) (Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes (as the case may be), Mediobanca will have the right 
to redeem the Senior Non Preferred Notes in accordance with Condition 4(g) (Redemption for regulatory 
reasons (Regulatory Call)) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 4(g) (Redemption 
for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes (as the 
case may be). Any redemption of Senior Non Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca is subject to the 
provisions of Condition 4(l) (Special provision in relation to redemption, purchase or modification of the 
Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 4(l) (Special provision in relation to 
redemption, purchase or modification of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes. 
At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Senior Non Preferred Notes being redeemed and 
may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment 
risk in the light of other investments available at that time. In addition, if the relevant Issuer has the right

--- Page 25 ---
17 
 
 
to redeem any Senior Non Preferred Notes at its option, the exercise of such right is subject to the 
previsions set forth in Condition 4(l) (Special provision in relation to redemption, purchase or 
modification of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 4(l) (Special 
provision in relation to redemption, purchase or modification of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Italian Law Notes and, in any case, the relevant redemption amount of the Senior Non Preferred 
Notes to be redeemed may be lower than the amount corresponding to the then current market value of 
such Senior Non Preferred Notes as of the relevant redemption date. 
The Senior Non Preferred Notes are complex instruments that may not be suitable for certain investors 
Senior Non Preferred Notes are novel and complex financial instruments and may not be a suitable 
investment for certain investors. Each potential investor in the Senior Non Preferred Notes should 
determine the suitability of such investment in light of its own circumstances and have sufficient 
financial resources and liquidity to bear the risks of an investment in the Senior Non Preferred Notes, 
including the possibility that the entire principal amount of the Senior Non Preferred Notes could be 
lost. A potential investor should not invest in the Senior Non Preferred Notes unless it has the 
knowledge and expertise (either alone or with a financial advisor) to evaluate how the Senior Non 
Preferred Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the market value of the 
Senior Non Preferred Notes, and the impact of this investment on the potential investor’s overall 
investment portfolio. 
Senior Non Preferred Notes are new types of instruments  
Market participants, including credit rating agencies, are in the initial stages of evaluating the risks 
associated with senior non-preferred obligations. The credit ratings assigned to senior non-preferred 
securities such as the Senior Non Preferred Notes may change as the rating agencies refine their 
approaches, and the value of such securities may be particularly volatile as the market becomes more 
familiar with them. It is possible that, over time, the credit ratings and value of senior non-preferred 
securities such as the Senior Non Preferred Notes will be lower than those expected by investors at the 
time of issuance of the Senior Non Preferred Notes. If so, investors may incur losses in respect of their 
investments in the Senior Non Preferred Notes. 
The Senior Non Preferred Notes are senior non-preferred obligations and are junior to certain 
obligations 
In order to be eligible to satisfy the provisions of Articles 12-bis and 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of 
the Italian Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such 
purposes by any Relevant Authority and also qualify as eligible liabilities available to meet the 
MREL/TLAC Requirements (as defined in Condition 4(g) (Redemption for regulatory reasons 
(Regulatory Call)) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 4(g) (Redemption for 
regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes (as the case 
may be), Senior Non Preferred Notes will be subordinated to existing senior debt and Senior Preferred 
Notes in the event that Mediobanca is subject to compulsory liquidation (liquidazione coatta 
amministrativa). As a result, the default risk on the Senior Non Preferred Notes will be higher than the 
risk associated with preferred senior debt (such as Senior Preferred Notes) and other senior liabilities 
(such as wholesale deposits). 
Although Senior Non Preferred Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Senior 
Preferred Notes which are not issued on a senior non preferred basis, there is a greater risk that an 
investor in Senior Non Preferred Notes will lose all or some of its investment should Mediobanca 
become subject to compulsory liquidation (liquidazione coatta amministrativa). Thus, such holders of 
Senior Preferred Notes face an increased performance risk compared to holders of Senior Preferred 
Obligations. 
If a judgment is rendered by any competent court declaring the judicial liquidation of Mediobanca, or if 
Mediobanca is liquidated for any other reason, the rights of payment of the holders of Senior Non 
Preferred Notes will be subordinated to the payment in full of the senior preferred creditors of 
Mediobanca and any other creditors that are senior to the Notes. In the event of incomplete payment of 
senior preferred creditors and other creditors ranking ahead of the claims of the holders of Senior Non 
Preferred Notes, the obligations of the Issuer in connection with the principal of the Senior Non 
Preferred Notes will be terminated. The Noteholders shall be responsible for taking all steps necessary 
for the orderly accomplishment of any collective proceedings or voluntary liquidation in relation to any

--- Page 26 ---
18 
 
 
claims they may have against the Issuer. 
Credit rating which may be assigned to the Senior Non Preferred Notes  
The Senior Non Preferred Notes, upon issue, may be rated by one or more credit rating agencies. Such 
credit rating may be lower than the Mediobanca’s credit rating, since reflect the increased risk of loss in 
the event of the Mediobanca’s insolvency. As a result, Senior Non Preferred Notes are likely to be rated 
by one or more credit rating agencies close to the level of subordinated debt and as such may be subject 
to a higher risk of price volatility than the Senior Preferred Notes. 
In addition, the rating may change in the future depending on the assessment, by one or more credit 
rating agencies, of the impact on the different instrument classes resulting from the modified liability 
structure following the issuance of the Senior Non Preferred Notes. 
Moreover, rating organisations may seek to rate any Senior Non Preferred Notes on an “unsolicited” 
basis and, if such “unsolicited ratings” are lower than the comparable ratings assigned to such Senior 
Non Preferred Notes on a “solicited” basis, such shadow or unsolicited ratings could have an adverse 
effect on the value of any Senior Non Preferred Notes. 
 
Subordinated Notes 
If Mediobanca is declared insolvent and a winding up is initiated, or in the event that the Issuer becomes 
subject to an order of “liquidazione coatta amministrativa” as defined in Italian Banking Act, it will be 
required to pay the holders of senior debt (including the holders of the Senior Preferred Notes and the 
Senior Non Preferred Notes) and meet its obligations to all its other creditors (including unsecured 
creditors) in full before it can make any payments on the Subordinated Notes. If this occurs, Mediobanca 
may not have enough assets remaining after these payments to pay amounts due under the Subordinated 
Notes, in addition, the timing of any such payment may not be forecasted at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
For a full description of the provisions relating to Subordinated Notes, see Condition 2 (Status of Notes 
and Guarantee) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 2 (Status of Notes 
and Guarantee) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes. 
In addition the Subordinated Notes expose investors to higher risks compared with certain other 
investments such as government bonds. Investors should therefore be aware that a comparison between 
the yield offered by the Subordinated Notes and those offered by other securities may not be meaningful 
or appropriate. 
Regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes  
The intention of Mediobanca is for Subordinated Notes to qualify on issue as “Tier II Capital”. Current 
regulatory practice by the Bank of Italy (acting as lead regulator) does not require (or customarily 
provide) a confirmation prior to the issuance of Subordinated Notes that the Subordinated Notes will be 
treated as such. 
Although it is Mediobanca’s expectation that the Subordinated Notes qualify as “Tier II Capital” there 
can be no representation that this is or will remain the case during the life of the Subordinated Notes or 
that the Subordinated Notes will be grandfathered under the implementation of future EU capital 
requirement regulations. If the Subordinated Notes are not grandfathered, or for any other reason cease to 
qualify (in whole or in part) as “Tier II Capital”, Mediobanca will have the right to redeem the 
Subordinated Notes in accordance with Condition 4(g) (Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory 
Call)) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 4(g) (Redemption for regulatory 
reasons (Regulatory Call)) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes (as the case may be). 
Any redemption of Subordinated Notes issued by Mediobanca is subject to the prior approval of the Bank 
of Italy. 
At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective 
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Subordinated Notes being redeemed and may only be able 
to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in the light of 
other investments available at that time. In addition, if the relevant Issuer has the right to redeem any

--- Page 27 ---
19 
 
 
Notes at its option, the exercise of such right is subject to the previsions set forth in Condition 4(l) 
(Special provision in relation to redemption, purchase or modification of the Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 4(l) (Special provision in relation to redemption, 
purchase or modification of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes and, in any 
case, the relevant redemption amount of the Subordinated Notes to be redeemed may be lower than the 
amount corresponding to the then current market value of such Subordinated Notes as of the relevant 
redemption date. 
Notes may be subject to loss absorption 
Investors should note that, in certain circumstances, Senior Notes may be the object of resolution tools. 
Investors should also be aware that, in addition to the general bail-in-tool, the BRRD contemplates that 
Subordinated Notes may be subject to a write-down or conversion into common shares at the point of 
non-viability should the Bank of Italy, the Central Bank of Ireland or other authority or authorities having 
prudential oversight of Mediobanca at the relevant time be given the power to do so. The BRRD is 
intended to enable a range of actions to be taken in relation to credit institutions and investment firms 
considered to be at risk of failing.  
Moreover, in the context of these resolution tools, the resolution authorities have the power to amend or 
alter the maturity of certain debt instruments (such as the Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes) issued by 
an institution under resolution or amend the amount of interest payable under such instruments, or the 
date on which the interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period. As 
a result, the implementation of the directive or the taking of any action under it, as well as any perceived 
increase likelihood of application of such powers, could materially affect the value of any Notes. 
Variation of the terms and conditions of Subordinated Notes 
In relation to any series of Subordinated Notes, if Modification following a Regulatory Event or a Tax 
Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Issuer may upon the 
occurrence of a Regulatory Event or a Tax Event modify the terms and conditions of such Subordinated 
Notes without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders to the extent that such 
modification is reasonably necessary to ensure that no Regulatory Event or Tax Event would exist after 
such modification, provided that the relevant conditions set forth in Condition 9(e) (Modification 
following a Regulatory Event or a Tax Event) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 
Condition 9(e) (Modification following a Regulatory Event or a Tax Event) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Italian Law Notes are satisfied. For details, see Condition 9(e) (Modification following a 
Regulatory Event or a Tax Event) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 
9(e) (Modification following a Regulatory Event or a Tax Event) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Italian Law Notes. 
Pursuant to Condition 9(f) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 9(f) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes, in case the Notes have been distributed to a single 
holder (the “Single Holder”), the approval for the amendments under Condition 9(a),(b),(c),(d) and (e) 
above shall be given by the Single Holder by way of binding approval letter with prior delivery of the 
relevant proof of ownership of the relevant Note.  
Investors should be aware that, where the terms and conditions of such Subordinated Notes are varied, 
Noteholders may, as a result, among other things, be assessed as a class rather than individually, and any 
tax consequences may be borne by the Noteholder. 
No gross up on withholding tax 
To the extent that the relevant Issuer is required by law to withhold or deduct any present or future taxes 
of any kind imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Republic of Italy or the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg (as appropriate), the Issuer may not be under an obligation to pay any additional amounts to 
Noteholders according to and subject to the provisions set forth in Condition 6(a) (Gross Up) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 6(a) (Gross Up) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Italian Law Notes.

--- Page 28 ---
20 
 
 
Waiver of set-off 
If waiver of set-off rights is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, each holder of a Senior 
Preferred Note will unconditionally and irrevocably waive any right of set-off, counterclaim, abatement 
or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have under the laws of any jurisdiction in respect of 
such Senior Preferred Note. As specified in Condition 2(c) (Status of the Senior Non Preferred Notes) and 
Condition 2(d) (Status of the Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
and Condition 2(c) (Status of the Senior Non Preferred Notes) and 2(d) (Status of the Subordinated Notes) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes, each holder of a Senior Non Preferred Note and of 
a Subordinated Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-off, counterclaim, abatement 
or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have, under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of 
such Senior Non Preferred Note and Subordinated Note. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally: 
Change of law 
The English Law Notes and the Italian Law Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the relevant Notes will be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
respectively, English law or Italian Law, in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus, provided that (I) 
in case of Notes issued by Mediobanca, Conditions 2(b) (Status of the Senior Preferred Notes), 2(c) 
(Status of the Senior Non Preferred Notes), 2(d) (Status of the Subordinated Notes), 4(b) 
(Maturities/Final Redemption), 4(g) (Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)), 8(b) (Events 
of Default of the Senior Non Preferred Notes), 8(c) (Events of Default of the Subordinated Notes) and 16 
(Acknowledgment of the Italian / Luxembourg Bail-in Power) of the Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes, are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law; (II) in case of Senior 
Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca International, Conditions 2(b) (Status of the Senior Preferred 
Notes), 4(b) (Maturities/Final Redemption), 4(g) (Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)) 
and Condition 16 (Acknowledgment of the Italian / Luxembourg Bail-in Power) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or Conditions 2(b) (Status of the Senior Preferred Notes), 4(b) 
(Maturities/Final Redemption), 4(g) (Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)) and 
Condition 15 (Acknowledgment of the Italian / Luxembourg Bail-in Power) or the Terms and Conditions 
of the Italian Law Notes, are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Luxembourgish 
law. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law 
and/or Italian law, or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Call options are subject to the prior consent to the Relevant Authority 
The Notes may also contain provisions allowing the relevant Issuer to call them upon the occurrence of 
certain events, including, inter alia, in case of MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event (in case of the Senior 
Preferred Notes and the Senior Non Preferred Notes) or after a period of, for example, twelve months (in 
case of the Senior Non Preferred Notes) and five years (in case of the Subordinated Notes). To exercise 
such a call option, the relevant Issuer must obtain the prior written consent of the Relevant Authority in 
accordance with applicable laws and regulations, including article 77(b) and 78 of the CRD IV, and the 
provisions of Condition 4(l) (Special provision in relation to redemption, purchase or modification of the 
Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 4(l) (Special provision in relation to 
redemption, purchase or modification of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes. 
Holders of such Notes have no rights to call for the redemption of such Notes and should not invest in 
such Notes in the expectation that such a call, based upon its evaluation of the regulatory capital position 
of the relevant Issuer and certain other factors at the relevant time and in accordance with applicable laws 
and regulations, including Article 77(b) and 78 of the CRD IV. 
There can be no assurance that the Relevant Authority will permit such a call. Holders of such Notes 
should be aware that they may be required to bear the financial risks of an investment in such Notes for a 
period of time in excess of the minimum period.

--- Page 29 ---
21 
 
 
At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective 
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Senior Notes and/or the Subordinated Notes (as the case 
may be) being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors 
should consider reinvestment risk in the light of other investments available at that time. In addition, if the 
relevant Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, the exercise of such right is subject to the 
previsions set forth in Condition 4(l) (Special provision in relation to redemption, purchase or 
modification of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 4(l) (Special 
provision in relation to redemption, purchase or modification of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Italian Law Notes (as the case may be) and, in any case, the relevant redemption amount of the 
Senior Notes and/or Subordinated Notes to be redeemed may be lower than the amount corresponding to 
the then current market value of such Senior Notes and/or Subordinated Notes as of the relevant 
redemption date. 
There may be limited or no event of defaults under the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
Pursuant to Condition 8(a) (Events of Default of the Senior Preferred Notes) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes and Condition 8(a) (Events of Default of the Senior Preferred Notes) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes, if the applicable Final Terms specifies that one or more 
of the Events of Default are not applicable to the Senior Preferred Notes of any Series, then such relevant 
Events of Default shall not apply to such Series of Senior Preferred Notes.  
 
If no Events of Default are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, Noteholders will not be 
able to accelerate the payment of principal in respect of the Senior Preferred Notes if the relevant Issuer 
fails to meet any obligations under such Senior Preferred Notes, including the payment of any interest. 
Upon a payment default, the sole remedy available to holders of such Senior Preferred Notes will be the 
institution of proceedings to enforce such payment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in any case a 
Noteholder may, upon written notice to the Fiscal Agent, cause such Senior Preferred Notes to become 
due and payable, together with accrued interest thereon, if any, as of the date on which said notice is 
received by the Fiscal Agent, upon the occurrence of the Event of Default listed in Condition 8(a), 
paragraph (vii) (Winding-up) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 8(a), 
paragraph (vii) (Winding-up) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes, as the case may be.. 
 
If all or some of the Events of Default are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, holders of 
such Senior Preferred Notes may give written notice to the Fiscal Agent at its specified office that such 
Senior Preferred Note is immediately repayable, whereupon the Early Redemption Amount of such 
Senior Preferred Note together with accrued interest to the date of payment shall become immediately due 
and payable. 
 
Procedures of clearing systems 
Unless otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms, Notes issued under the Programme may be 
represented by one or more Global Notes and such Global Notes will be deposited with a common 
depositary or (where applicable) common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except 
in the circumstances described in the relevant Global Note, investors will not be entitled to receive 
definitive Notes. Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system 
provided in the Final Terms will maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes. While 
the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes, investors will be able to trade their beneficial 
interests only through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system. While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes the relevant Issuer will discharge 
its payment obligations under the Notes by making payments to the common depositary or common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system for 
distribution to their account holders. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on the 
procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system to 
receive payments under the relevant Notes. The relevant Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the 
records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes. Holders of 
beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the relevant Notes. 
Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system to appoint appropriate proxies.

--- Page 30 ---
22 
 
 
Modification 
The Issue and Paying Agency Agreement contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to 
consider matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all 
Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders 
who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes also provide that the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (if 
applicable) may, without the consent of Noteholders, correct (i) any manifest error in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes and/or in the Final Terms, (ii) any error of a formal, minor or technical nature in 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and/or in the Final Terms or (iii) any inconsistency in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes and/or in the Final Terms between the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
and/or the Final Terms and any other documents prepared in connection with the issue and/or offer of a 
Series of Notes (provided such correction is not materially prejudicial to the holders of the relevant Series 
of Notes). In addition, pursuant to Condition 3(o) (Benchmark replacement) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes and Condition 3(o) (Benchmark replacement) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Italian Law Notes, certain changes may be made to the interest calculation provisions of the Notes in 
the circumstances and as otherwise set out in such Condition, without the requirement for consent of the 
Noteholders. Any such correction shall be binding on the holders of the relevant Notes and the relevant 
Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable) shall cause such correction to be notified to the holders of the 
Notes as soon as practicable thereafter pursuant to Condition 12 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes.  
Conflict of Interest 
Investors should note that Notes issued under the Program may be underwritten by Dealers who receive 
in consideration underwriting commissions and selling concessions. The relevant Issuer may also offer 
and sell Notes directly to investors without the involvement of any Dealer. In addition, Mediobanca may 
act as market maker or specialist or perform other similar roles in connection with the Notes: potential 
conflicts of interest may exist between Mediobanca acting in such capacity on the one hand, and investors 
in the Notes on the other. 
Calculation Agent 
The relevant Issuer may appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent in respect of an issuance of Notes under 
the Programme. In such a case the Calculation Agent is likely to be a member of an international financial 
group that is involved, in the ordinary course of its business, in a wide range of banking activities out of 
which conflicting interests may arise. Whilst such a Calculation Agent will, where relevant, have 
information barriers and procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking 
activities from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which 
may affect amounts receivable by Noteholders during the term and on the maturity of the Notes or the 
market price, liquidity or value of the Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of 
the Noteholders. 
Impossibility to know the amount of the Notes in circulation on the date of issue 
The Notes may be issued and withheld by the relevant Issuer for the progressive sale on the market in 
accordance with investors’ demand. In this context an investor who acquires the Notes does not know at 
the moment of purchase how much of the issued Notes effectively are publicly traded, with the 
consequence that the amount in circulation could be meagre and may not guarantee successively adequate 
liquidity in the Notes. 
Issue of subsequent tranche 
In the event the relevant Issuer decides to issue further Notes having the same terms and conditions as an 
already existing Series of Notes (or in all respects except for the Issue Price, the Issue Date and/or the 
first payment of interest) and so that the further Notes shall be consolidated and form a single series with 
the original Notes, the greater nominal amount in circulation could lead to a greater offer of the relevant 
Notes in the secondary market with a consequent negative impact on the price of the relevant Series of the 
Notes.

--- Page 31 ---
23 
 
 
Reform of EURIBOR and other interest rate index and equity, commodity and foreign exchange rate 
index “benchmarks”  
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) and other indices which are deemed “benchmarks” are 
the subject of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some 
of these reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause 
such “benchmarks” to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on 
any Notes linked to a “benchmark”. 
Key international reforms of “benchmarks” include IOSCO’s proposed Principles for Financial Market 
Benchmarks (July 2013) (the “IOSCO Benchmark Principles”) and Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial 
instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending 
Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 (the “Benchmarks 
Regulation”). 
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing to a rate 
or index deemed to be a "benchmark", in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the 
“benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such 
changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the 
volatility of the published rate or level of the “benchmark”. 
Any of the international, national or other reforms or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
“benchmarks” could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting 
of a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements. For example, the 
sustainability of the London interbank offered rate (“LIBOR”) has been questioned as a result of the 
absence of relevant active underlying markets and possible disincentives (including possibly as a result of 
regulatory reforms) for market participants to continue contributing to such “benchmarks”. On 27 July 
2017, the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority announced that it will no longer persuade or 
compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of the LIBOR “benchmark” after 2021 (the “FCA 
Announcement”). The FCA Announcement indicated that the continuation of LIBOR on the current 
basis cannot and will not be guaranteed after 2021. The potential elimination of the LIBOR “benchmark” 
or any other “benchmark”, or changes in the manner of administration of any “benchmark”, could require 
an adjustment to the terms and conditions, or result in other consequences, in respect of any Note 
referencing such “benchmark”. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from 
continuing to administer or participate in certain “benchmarks”, trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in certain “benchmarks” or lead to the disappearance of certain “benchmarks”. Any 
of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or 
other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
such Notes. 
Following the implementation of any such reforms, the manner of administration of benchmarks may 
change, with the result that they may perform differently than in the past, or the benchmark could be 
eliminated entirely, or there could be other consequences that cannot be predicted. The disappearance of 
a “benchmark” or changes in the manner of administration of a “benchmark” could require or result in 
adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the Conditions (as described in Condition 3(o) 
(Benchmark replacement) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 3(o) 
(Benchmark replacement) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes or result in adverse 
consequences to holders of any securities linked to such benchmark (including but not limited to 
Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes whose interest rates are linked to LIBOR or any other such 
benchmark that is subject to reform). Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes and 
transitions to alternative reference rates as stated in the FCA Announcement, uncertainty as to the nature 
of such alternative reference rates and as to potential changes to such benchmark may adversely affect 
such benchmark during the term of the relevant Notes, the return on the relevant Notes and the trading 
market for securities based on the same benchmark. 
Even if the rate determination agent is able to determine an appropriate replacement rate for any 
Benchmark, if the replacement of the Benchmark with the replacement rate would result in a

--- Page 32 ---
24 
 
 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event or (in the case of Subordinated Notes only) a Regulatory Event, 
the rate of interest will not be changed, but will instead be fixed on the basis of the last available 
quotation of the Benchmark. This could occur if, for example, the switch to the replacement rate would 
create an incentive to redeem the relevant Notes that would be inconsistent with the relevant 
requirements necessary to maintain the regulatory status of the Notes. While this mechanism will ensure 
that the Notes will not become subject to a potential regulatory event-based redemption, it will result in 
the Notes being effectively converted to fixed rate instruments. Investors holding such Notes might 
incur costs from unwinding hedges. Moreover, in a rising interest rate environment, holders of such 
Notes will not benefit from any increase in rates. The trading value of the Notes could as a consequence 
be adversely affected. 
The Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law 
Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark, such as 
LIBOR, (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor service)) 
becomes unavailable, including the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a 
reference bond rate, a successor rate or an alternative reference rate and that such successor rate or 
alternative reference rate may be adjusted (if required) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to 
investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark. In certain circumstances the ultimate 
fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) may result in the rate 
of interest for the last preceding Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) being used. This may 
result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes (as applicable) 
based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the 
uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates and the 
involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at 
the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such 
Notes. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of 
any relevant reference rate could affect the ability of the relevant Issuer to meet its obligations under the 
Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, 
and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes. Investors should consider these 
matters when making their investment decision with respect to the relevant Floating Rate Notes or Reset 
Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation reforms, investigations and licensing issues in 
making any investment decision with respect to the Notes linked to a “benchmark” since the rate of 
interest will be changed in ways which may be adverse to holders of such Notes, without any 
requirement that the consent of such holders be obtained. 
Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds and Green, Social and Sustainability Bonds  
The net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be used for the general corporate purposes of 
the relevant Issuer. If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of the proceeds, 
this will be specified in the applicable Final Terms, including in case an amount equivalent to the net 
proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be used for the purposes of projects that promote 
climate-friendly and other environmental purposes and/or that promote access to labour market and 
accomplishment of general interest initiatives and/or to finance or refinance a combination of both green 
and social projects (typically known as “sustainability bonds”). Where it does so, the relevant Final Terms 
may describe the Notes as “green bonds” (“Green Bonds”), “social bonds” (“Social Bonds”) or 
“sustainability bonds” (“Sustainability Bonds”), in each case issued in accordance with the principles set 
out by the International Capital Market Association (“ICMA”). 
Prospective investors should have regard to the information in those Final Terms regarding such use of 
proceeds and must: 
(i) 
determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in 
such Notes;

--- Page 33 ---
25 
 
 
(ii) assess the suitability of that investment in light of their own circumstances; and  
(iii) make any other investigation they deem necessary.  
In particular, no assurance is given by the Issuers that the use of such proceeds for the funding of any 
green, social or sustainability project will satisfy, either in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or 
its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or 
by its own articles of association or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates. In addition, it 
should be noted that there is currently no clearly established definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of 
a “green", "social" or "sustainable" project or other equivalent label nor is there any market consensus as 
to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as such, and no assurance can 
be given that any clear definition or consensus will develop over time. Accordingly, no assurance can be 
given that any green, social or sustainable project towards which proceeds of the Notes are to be applied 
will meet investor expectations regarding any "green" or "social" or "sustainable" performance objectives 
or that any adverse event will not occur during the implementation of any such project. 
Furthermore, in connection with any Notes that are stated to be Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds, the Issuer may request a sustainability rating agency or sustainability consulting 
firm to issue a second-party opinion confirming that the relevant green, low carbon, social and/or 
sustainable projects comply with the broad categorisation of eligibility for those projects under the 
principles set out by ICMA and/or a second-party opinion regarding the suitability of the Notes as an 
investment in connection with certain environmental, sustainability or social projects (any such second-
party opinion, a "Second-party Opinion"). A Second-party Opinion may not reflect the potential impact 
of all risks related to the structure, market, additional risk factors discussed above and other factors that 
may affect the value of the Notes or the projects financed or refinanced toward an amount corresponding 
to the net proceeds from the issue of the relevant Notes. A Second-party Opinion would not constitute a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold the relevant Notes and would only be current as of the date it is 
released. In addition, a withdrawal of the Second-party Opinion may affect the value of such Notes and/or 
have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green or social or sustainable 
assets. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Social Bonds, Green Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds in, or substantially in, the manner described in the relevant Final Terms, there can be 
no assurance that any related green, low carbon, social or sustainable projects will be capable of being 
implemented in, or substantially in, such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule, and, 
accordingly, neither can it be guaranteed that the proceeds of the relevant Notes will be totally or partially 
disbursed for such projects. Nor can there be any assurance that such green, low carbon, social or 
sustainable projects will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome 
as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer.  
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of the issue of the Notes for any green, social or 
sustainable projects may have a material adverse effect on the value of the Notes and/or result in adverse 
consequences for, amongst others, investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for 
a particular purpose. Nevertheless, no such event or failure by the Issuer, including any failure to comply 
with any reporting obligations set out in the relevant Final Terms, will constitute an event of default under 
those Notes. 
(B) 
RISKS RELATED TO THE MARKET  
The secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at 
prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, 
currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been 
structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes 
generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt 
securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes.

--- Page 34 ---
26 
 
 
The relevant Issuer has no obligation to purchase the Notes from the Noteholders. However, should the 
relevant Issuer decide to purchase the Notes, the secondary market pricing that the Issuer may provide on 
the Notes may reflect the unwinding cost of the hedging portfolio (if any) and/or the loss of profit (lucro 
cessante) related to such hedging portfolio. 
Specific Buy Back Provisions 
If Specific Buy Back Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, investors 
should be aware that the relevant Issuer has issued the Notes also for the purpose of entering into, from 
time to time, certain Underlying Transactions. In this respect, the value of the Notes shall reflect and shall 
be calculated on the basis of the Market Value of such Underlying Transactions. The composition of the 
Underlying Transaction will be made available to the investors in accordance with the method of 
publication indicated in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Underlying Transactions will be selected from time to time by Mediobanca and/or Mediobanca 
International in their reasonable discretion with maturities and notional that can be larger, respectively, 
than the Maturity Date and Notional Amount of the relevant Notes, and the relevant composition is 
subject to change during the life of the Notes. Any changes in the composition of the Underlying 
Transaction could adversely affect the Market Value of the Underlying Transactions and, therefore, the 
value of the Notes. 
The Market Value of the Underlying Transactions, as determined by Mediobanca and/or Mediobanca 
International, acting in its capacity as Calculation Agent, in a fair and commercially reasonable manner 
and with reference to the market, could adversely affect the repurchase price, if any, of the Notes. 
Therefore in the event that an investor requests the relevant Issuer to repurchase the Notes hold by it prior 
to their maturity, and the relevant Issuer accepts such repurchase, the price of the Notes (Buy Back Price) 
will be a price that perfectly reflects the Market Value of such Underlying Transactions. In particular, 
investors should note that the Market Value of the Underlying Transactions could adversely and 
materially affect the Buy Back Price payable to the relevant investor, particularly where the Underlying 
Transactions have maturities and/or notional amounts longer and/or higher, respectively, than the 
Maturity Date and principal amount of the relevant Notes. 
The Specific Buy Back Provisions shall not affect the right of the investors to receive timely payments of 
principal and interest on the Notes. As consideration of the relevant Issuer entering into the Underlying 
Transactions in relation to the Notes, the relevant Issuer will pay an Extra Yield on the Notes. 
The Specific Buy Back Provisions may apply only to Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca 
and/or Mediobanca International and where Mediobanca and/or Mediobanca International are specified as 
Dealers. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The relevant Issuer will pay principal and interest, if any, on the Notes in the Relevant Currency. This 
presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated 
principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Relevant Currency. 
These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation 
of the Relevant Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency or due to the official redenomination 
of the Relevant Currency, and/or Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over 
Relevant Currency, and/or the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An 
appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Relevant Currency would decrease (i) 
the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the 
principal payable on the Notes, and (iii) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest, 
principal or other amount than expected, or no interest or principal or other amount. 
Interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes.

--- Page 35 ---
27 
 
 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings may 
not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, 
and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, 
sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or 
review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to 
determine whether and to what extent (i) Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as 
collateral for various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any 
Notes. Each prospective investor should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to 
determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Impact of implicit fees on the Issue/Offer Price 
Investors should note that implicit fees (e.g. placement fees, direction fees, structuring fees) may be a 
component of the Issue/Offer Price of Notes, but such fees will not be taken into account for the purposes 
of determining the price of the relevant Notes in the secondary market. 
The relevant Issuer will specify in the relevant Final Terms the type and amount of any implicit fees 
which are applicable from time to time. 
Investors should also take into consideration that if Notes are sold on the secondary market immediately 
following the offer period relating to such Notes, the implicit fees included in the Issue/Offer Price on 
initial subscription for such Notes will be deducted from the price at which such Notes may be sold in the 
secondary market. 
Certain considerations associated with public offers of Notes 
If Notes are distributed by means of a public offer, under certain circumstances indicated in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Issuer and/or other entities specified in the Final Terms may have the right to 
withdraw the offer, which in such circumstances will be deemed to be null and void according to the 
terms indicated in the relevant Final Terms. 
In such case, investors who have already paid or delivered subscription monies for the relevant Notes will 
be entitled to reimbursement of such amounts, but will not receive any remuneration that may have 
accrued in the period between their payment or delivery of subscription monies and the reimbursement of 
the Notes. 
Possible Illiquidity of the Notes in the Secondary Market 
It is not possible to predict the price at which Notes will trade in the secondary market or whether such 
market will be liquid or illiquid. The relevant Issuer may, but is not obliged to, list or admit to trading 
Notes on a stock exchange or market. If the Notes are not listed or admitted to trading on any exchange or 
market, pricing information for the Notes may be more difficult to obtain and the liquidity of the Notes 
may be adversely affected. If the relevant Issuer does list or admit to trading an issue of Notes, there can 
be no assurance that at a later date, the Notes will not be delisted or that trading on such exchange or 
market will not be suspended. In the event of a delisting or suspension of listing or trading on a stock 
exchange or market, the relevant Issuer will use its reasonable efforts to list or admit to trading the Notes 
on another exchange or market. 
The relevant Issuer, or any of its Affiliates may, but is not obliged to, at any time purchase Notes at any 
price in the open market or by tender or private agreement. Any Notes so purchased may be held or resold 
or surrendered for cancellation. The relevant Issuer or any of its Affiliates may, but is not obliged to, be a 
market-maker for an issue of Notes. Even if the Issuer or such other entity is a market-maker for an issue 
of Notes, the secondary market for such Notes may be limited.

--- Page 36 ---
28 
 
 
Investors should note that if an entity is appointed as market-maker or liquidity provider with respect to 
the Notes in the secondary market, this may, in certain circumstances, affect the price of the Notes in the 
secondary market. 
In addition, all or part of the Notes issued under this Programme may be subscribed upon issuance by the 
relevant Issuer itself or by its Affiliate(s) for resales thereafter on the basis of investors’ demand. 
Accordingly, investors subscribing for Notes upon their issuance should be aware that there may not be a 
viable secondary market for the relevant Notes immediately. Even if a market does develop subsequently, 
it may not be very liquid. 
Listing of Notes 
In respect of Notes which are (in accordance with the applicable Final Terms) to be listed on a stock 
exchange, market or quotation system, the relevant Issuer shall use all reasonable endeavours to maintain 
such listing, provided that if it becomes impracticable or unduly burdensome or unduly onerous to 
maintain such listing, then the relevant Issuer may apply to de-list the relevant Notes, although in this 
case it will use all reasonable endeavours to obtain and maintain (as soon as reasonably practicable after 
the relevant de- listing) an alternative admission to listing, trading and/or quotation by a stock exchange, 
market or quotation system within or outside the European Union, as it may decide. 
If such an alternative admission is not available or is, in the opinion of the relevant Issuer, impracticable 
or unduly burdensome, an alternative admission will not be obtained. 
Combination or “layering” of multiple risk factors may significantly increase risk of loss 
Although the various risks discussed in this Base Prospectus are generally described separately, 
prospective investors in the Notes should consider the potential effects of the interplay of multiple risk 
factors. Where more than one significant risk factor is present, the risk of loss to an investor may be 
significantly increased. There are many other circumstances in which layering of multiple risks with 
respect to the Issuers and /or the Guarantor and/or the Notes may magnify the effect of those risks.

--- Page 37 ---
29 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE EURO 40,000,000,000 EURO MEDIUM TERM NOTE 
PROGRAMME 
The following is a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980, to be read in conjunction with the Prospectus 
Regulation. The following overview does not purport to be complete and is qualified by the remainder of 
this Document and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Series (as defined below in 
“Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes” and in “Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law 
Notes”) of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. Subject as provided in “Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes” or in “Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes”, as the case may be, any of 
the following (including, without limitation, the type of Notes which may be issued pursuant to the 
Programme) may be varied or supplemented as agreed between the Issuer, the relevant Dealer(s) and the 
Fiscal Agent (if applicable). Words and expressions defined in “Forms of the Notes”, “Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes” shall have 
the same meaning in this overview: 
Issuers: 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. and 
Mediobanca International (Luxembourg) S.A. 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito 
Finanziario S.p.A.: 
Mediobanca was established on 10 April 1946 as a medium-
term credit granting institution in Italy. In 1956, Mediobanca’s 
shares were admitted to the Italian Stock Exchange and since 
then its business has expanded both nationally and 
internationally. 
 
Mediobanca is registered at the Companies’ Registry of the 
Chamber of Commerce of Milan-Monza-Brianza-Lodi, Italy 
under registration number 00714490158. Mediobanca’s 
registered office is at Piazzetta E. Cuccia 1, 20121 Milan, Italy, 
telephone number (+39) 0288291. 
 
Mediobanca holds a banking licence from the Bank of Italy 
authorising it to carry on all permitted types of banking 
activities in Italy. 
 
Mediobanca is a bank organised and existing under the laws of 
Italy, carrying out a wide range of banking, financial and 
related activities throughout Italy. 
 
At the date hereof, Mediobanca’s issued share capital totals 
Euro 443,616,723.50, represented by 887,233,446 registered 
shares of a nominal value of Euro 0.50. 
 
The Board of Directors of Mediobanca is responsible for the 
ordinary and extraordinary management of Mediobanca. 
Mediobanca International 
(Luxembourg) S.A.: 
Mediobanca International has the form of a société anonyme 
subject to Luxembourg law and has its place of registration in 
Luxembourg. On 15 December 2005, the Luxembourg 
Minister of 
the Treasury and the Budget, on 
the 
recommendation 
of 
the 
CSSF, 
granted 
Mediobanca 
International a full banking licence pursuant to which its 
operations include raising funds in the international markets 
and lending, consistent with Mediobanca International’s 
articles of association approved by the shareholders in the 
general meeting held on 21 December 2005. 
 
Mediobanca International is registered at the Luxembourg 
trade and companies registry under registration number B 
112885. Mediobanca International’s registered office is at 4,

--- Page 38 ---
30 
 
 
Boulevard Joseph II, L-1840 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg. 
 
As at 30 June 2020, Mediobanca International’s issued and 
authorised fully paid share capital totals Euro 10,000,000 
represented by 1,000,000 registered shares of Euro 10 par 
value. 
 
The Board of Directors of Mediobanca International is 
responsible 
for 
setting 
authorisation 
levels, 
defining 
organisational structure, defining the system of internal control 
and reviewing it on a regular basis, and approving the bank’s 
accounts and interim statements. Day-to-day management is 
entrusted to two authorised managers. 
Guarantor: 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. with respect 
to Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca International 
(Luxembourg) S.A. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme. 
Arranger: 
Mediobanca Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Dealers: 
Banca Akros S.p.A. Gruppo Banco BPM; Barclays Bank 
Ireland PLC; Barclays Bank PLC; BNP Paribas; Crédit 
Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank; Credit Suisse 
Securities (Europe) Limited; Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A.; JP 
Morgan AG; J.P. Morgan Securities plc; MEDIOBANCA - 
Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A; NatWest Markets N.V.; 
Société Générale and UniCredit Bank AG. 
 
Each of the Issuers may from time to time terminate the 
appointment of any dealer under the Programme or appoint 
additional dealers either in respect of a single Tranche or in 
respect of the whole Programme. 
Fiscal Agent: 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch will act 
as Fiscal Agent in respect of the Notes except for Notes in 
dematerialised form, which are deposited directly with Monte 
Titoli S.p.A. (“Monte Titoli”). BNP Paribas Securities 
Services Luxembourg Branch, being part of a financial group 
providing client services with a worldwide network covering 
different time zones, may entrust parts of its operational 
processes to other BNP Paribas Group entities and/or third 
parties, 
whilst 
keeping 
ultimate 
accountability 
and 
responsibility in Luxembourg. Further information on the 
international operating model of BNP Paribas Securities 
Services Luxembourg Branch may be provided upon request. 
Italian Paying Agent: 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. will act as 
Italian Paying Agent with respect to Notes in dematerialised 
form deposited directly with Monte Titoli (which role will 
include the role of Fiscal Agent with respect to such Notes). 
Size: 
Up to Euro 40,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other 
currencies at the date of each issue) aggregate principal amount 
of Notes outstanding at any one time. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in any currency or currencies 
as the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable), and

--- Page 39 ---
31 
 
 
the relevant Dealer so agree. 
Maturities/Final Redemption: 
Any maturity subject to compliance with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives. Unless previously redeemed, 
purchased and cancelled as provided in accordance with 
Conditions 4(c) (Redemption for taxation reasons), 4(d) 
(Purchases), 4(f) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), 4(g) 
(Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)), 
Condition 4(h) (Redemption at the option of holders of Notes) 
or Condition 4(i) (Redemption by instalments) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes or Conditions 4(c) 
(Redemption for taxation reasons), 4(d) (Purchases), 4(f) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer), 4(g) (Redemption for 
regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)), 4(h) (Redemption at the 
option of holders of Notes) or Condition 4(i) (Redemption by 
instalments) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law 
Notes, as the case may be, each Note will be redeemed at its 
Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date. 
 
Any Senior Preferred Notes in respect of which the issue 
proceeds are received by the relevant Issuer in the United 
Kingdom and which have a maturity of less than one year from 
the date of issue must (a) have a minimum redemption value of 
£100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and be issued 
only to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in 
acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who 
it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses or (b) be issued in other circumstances which do not 
constitute a contravention of section 19 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 by the relevant Issuer. 
 
Under applicable laws and regulations at the date of this Base 
Prospectus:  
(i) 
Senior Non Preferred Notes shall have a minimum 
Maturity Period of twelve months, as provided under 
Articles 12-bis and 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the 
Italian Banking Act and any relevant implementing 
regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by 
any Relevant Authority, and may be redeemable only 
after twelve months’ prior notice to holders of the Senior 
Non Preferred Notes subject to the prior authorisation of 
the Bank of Italy, when required; and 
(ii) Subordinated Notes shall have a minimum Maturity 
Period of five years, as provided under the Applicable 
Banking Regulations, and may be redeemable only after 
five years’ prior notice to holders of Subordinated Notes 
subject to Relevant Authority prior authorisation, when 
required.  
Denomination: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to compliance 
with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank 
requirements and save that the minimum denomination of each 
Note admitted to trading on a regulated market within the 
European Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member 
State of the European Economic Area in circumstances which

--- Page 40 ---
32 
 
 
require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation will be €1,000 (or where the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amount in such other currency) and that Senior Non Preferred 
Notes issued under the Programme will have a denomination 
of at least €250,000 (or, where the Senior Non Preferred Notes 
are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amount in such other currency). 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes may be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. The Notes will be issued in one or more Series (which 
may be issued on the same date or which may be issued in 
more than one Tranche on different dates). The Notes may be 
issued in Tranches on a continuous basis with no minimum 
issue size, subject to compliance with all applicable laws, 
regulations and directives. Further Notes may be issued as part 
of an existing Series. 
Consolidation of Notes: 
Notes of one series may be consolidated with Notes of another 
Series, all as described in Condition 11 (Further Issues and 
Consolidation) of the Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes or Condition 11 (Further Issues and Consolidation) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes. 
Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued either (i) 
pursuant to this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms 
or (ii) pursuant to a Drawdown Prospectus. The terms and 
conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are 
the relevant Terms and Conditions of the Notes as completed 
by the relevant Final Terms or, as the case may be, the relevant 
Drawdown Prospectus. 
 
References in this General Description of the Euro 
40,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme to the 
“Final Terms” shall, where applicable, be read as references to 
the Drawdown Prospectus relating to the Notes, as the case 
may be. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes may be issued in bearer form only. 
 
If the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes, the 
relevant Final Terms will specify whether each Global Note is 
to be issued in New Global Note or in Classic Global Note 
form. Each Tranche of Notes will initially be represented by a 
Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note which, in 
each case, will be deposited on or around the Issue Date: (a) in 
the case of Notes intended to be issued in Classic Global Note 
form, with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system and/or deposited directly with Monte Titoli S.p.A. 
and/or any other centralised custodian appointed by the Issuers 
(together, the “Centralised Custodian”) and (b) in the case of 
Notes intended to be issued in New Global Note form, with a 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. No interest will be payable in respect of a 
Temporary Global Note except as described under “Provisions 
Relating to the Notes While in Global Form”. 
 
Interests in Temporary Global Notes will be exchangeable for 
interests in Permanent Global Notes or, if so stated in the

--- Page 41 ---
33 
 
 
relevant Final Terms for Definitive Notes after the date falling 
40 days after the Issue Date upon certification as to non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership. If specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
interests in Permanent Global Notes will be exchangeable for 
definitive Notes as described under “Provisions Relating to the 
Notes While in Global Form”. Definitive Notes will, if 
interest-bearing, have interest Coupons attached and, if 
appropriate, a Talon for further Coupons and will, if the 
principal thereof is repayable by instalments, have payment 
Receipts attached. 
 
If the Notes are issued and held in book-entry form, the Notes 
will not be represented by paper certificates and the transfer 
and exchange of Notes will take place exclusively through an 
electronic book-entry system managed by Monte Titoli S.p.A. 
or any other Centralised Custodian appointed by the Issuer. 
Accordingly, all Notes of the same tranche shall be deposited 
by their owners with an intermediary participant in the relevant 
Centralised Custodian. The intermediary will in turn deposit 
the Notes with the Centralised Custodian. 
 
In such circumstances, it will not possible for a Noteholder to 
obtain physical delivery of certificates representing the Notes. 
Issue Price of the Notes: 
Issue Price will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Notes 
may be issued at their principal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their principal amount. 
Type of Notes: 
The Issuer may issue Notes of any kind, including but not 
limited to, Fixed Rate Notes, Reset Notes (in case of the Senior 
Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes only), Floating Rate 
Notes and Zero Coupon Notes. 
 
Notes will be redeemed by way of cash payment. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in 
each year specified in the relevant Final Terms. The yield in 
respect of Fixed Rate Notes will be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and will be calculated as internal rate of return 
(IRR) on the basis of the Issue Price, any Fixed Coupon and/or 
any Broken Amount. 
Reset Notes: 
If the Senior Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes are 
issued as Reset Notes, then such Reset Notes will, in respect of 
an initial period, bear interest at the initial fixed rate of interest 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Thereafter, the fixed rate 
of interest will be reset on one or more date(s) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms by reference to a mid-market swap rate, 
as adjusted for any applicable margin, in each case, as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest by reference to the 
benchmark as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
adjusted for any applicable margin/multiplier. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their principal amount or 
at a discount or a premium to it and will not bear interest. 
Interest Periods and Interest Rates 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the 
applicable interest rate or its method of calculation may differ

--- Page 42 ---
34 
 
 
for the Notes: 
from time to time or be constant for any Series. The Senior 
Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes may have a 
maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or both. The 
use of interest accrual periods permits the Senior Preferred 
Notes and the Subordinated Notes to bear interest at different 
rates in the same interest period. 
Redemption Amount for the Notes: 
Notes may be redeemable at par or at such other Redemption 
Amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Redemption by Instalments for the 
Notes: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes which 
are redeemable in two or more instalments will set out the date 
on which, and the amounts in which, such Notes may be 
redeemed. 
Status of the Notes: 
Notes may be issued by Mediobanca on a subordinated basis 
(the “Subordinated Notes”), senior non preferred basis (the 
“Senior Non Preferred Notes”) or senior preferred basis (the 
“Senior Preferred Notes” and, together with the Senior Non 
Preferred Notes, the “Senior Notes”), as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. Senior Preferred Notes issued by 
Mediobanca International may only be issued on a senior 
preferred basis. 
 
(i) 
Status of the Senior Preferred Notes: 
 
The Senior Preferred Notes will constitute direct, 
unconditional, 
unsubordinated 
and 
unsecured 
obligations of the relevant Issuer and will rank at all 
times at least pari passu without any preference 
among themselves and equally with all other present 
and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
of the relevant Issuer, save for certain mandatory 
exceptions of applicable law, it being understood 
moreover that the obligations of the relevant Issuer 
under the Senior Preferred Notes will be subject to the 
Italian Bail-In Power or the Luxembourg Bail-In 
Power, as the case may be. See Condition 2(b) (Status 
of the Senior Preferred Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or Condition 
2(b) (Status of the Senior Preferred Notes) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes. 
 
(ii) 
Status of the Senior Non Preferred Notes: 
 
The Senior Non Preferred Notes will constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated, unsecured and non 
preferred obligations of Mediobanca and will rank at 
all times pari passu without any preference among 
themselves.  
In the event of a winding up, dissolution, liquidation 
or bankruptcy (including, inter alia, Liquidazione 
Coatta Amministrativa) of Mediobanca, the payment 
obligations of Mediobanca under each Series of Senior 
Non Preferred Notes, and the relative Coupons as the 
case may be, will rank in right of payment (A) after 
unsubordinated creditors (including depositors and 
any holder of Senior Preferred Notes and their

--- Page 43 ---
35 
 
 
respective Coupons) of Mediobanca but (B) at least 
pari passu with all other present and future 
unsubordinated 
and 
non 
preferred 
obligations 
obligations of Mediobanca which do not rank or are 
not expressed by their terms to rank junior or senior to 
such Series of Senior Non Preferred Notes and (C) in 
priority to any present or future claims ranking junior 
to such Series of Senior Non Preferred Notes 
(including any holder of Subordinated Notes) and the 
claims of shareholders of Mediobanca, in all such 
cases in accordance with the provisions of Article 91, 
paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian Banking Act 
and any relevant implementing regulation which may 
be enacted for such purposes by any Relevant 
Authority, it being understood moreover that the 
obligations of Mediobanca under the Senior Non 
Preferred Notes will be subject to the Italian Bail-In 
Power. 
(iii) 
Status of the Subordinated Notes: 
 
 
The Subordinated Notes constitute direct, unsecured 
and subordinated obligations of Mediobanca and will 
at all times rank pari passu and without any 
preference among themselves, all as described in 
Condition 2(d) (Status of the Subordinated Notes) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or 
Condition 2(d) (Status of the Subordinated Notes) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes 
and the relevant Final Terms. 
 
In the event of a winding up, dissolution, liquidation 
or bankruptcy (including, inter alia, Liquidazione 
Coatta Amministrativa) of Mediobanca, the payment 
obligations of Mediobanca under each Series of 
Subordinated Notes, and the related Coupons as the 
case may be, will rank in right of payment (A) after 
unsubordinated creditors (including depositors and 
any holder of Senior Notes and their respective 
Coupons) of Mediobanca as well as subordinated 
creditors which rank or are expressed to rank senior to 
Subordinated Notes but (B) at least pari passu with all 
other subordinated obligations of Mediobanca which 
do not rank or are not expressed by their terms to rank 
junior or senior to such Series of Subordinated Notes 
and (C) in priority to the claims of subordinated 
creditors ranking or expressed to rank junior to the 
Subordinated Notes (including, but not limited to, 
“Additional Tier 1 Instruments” (as defined in the 
Prudential Regulations for Banks and in the CRR)) 
and of the shareholders of Mediobanca, as described 
in Condition 2 (Status of the Notes and Guarantee) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or 
Condition 2 (Status of Notes and Guarantee) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes and 
the relevant Final Terms, it being understood 
moreover that the obligations of Mediobanca under 
the Subordinated Notes will be subject to the Italian

--- Page 44 ---
36 
 
 
Bail-In Power. 
Guarantee: 
Under the Deed of Guarantee, and in accordance with the 
terms and subject to the limitations thereof, Mediobanca 
unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees payment of all 
amounts due in respect of Senior Preferred Notes issued by 
Mediobanca International. 
Status of the Guarantee: 
The payment obligations of the Guarantor under the Deed of 
Guarantee constitute – in accordance with the terms and 
subject to the limitations thereof – direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Guarantor 
which will rank at all times at least pari passu without any 
preference among themselves and equally with all other 
present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
of the Guarantor, save for certain mandatory exceptions of 
applicable law. See also Condition 2(e) (Status of Guarantee) 
of the the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or 
Condition 2(e) (Status of Guarantee) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Italian Law Notes. In particular, pursuant to 
the Deed of Guarantee to the extent under the applicable law in 
force at the relevant time, a cap to the maximum amount to be 
guaranteed is required, the Guarantor shall only be liable up to 
an amount which is the aggregate of 110 per cent. of the 
aggregate principal amount of any Tranche of the Senior 
Preferred Notes (in each case as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) and 110 per cent. of the interest on such Senior 
Preferred Notes accrued but not paid as at any date on which 
the Guarantor’s liability falls to be determined. In addition, 
pursuant to the Deed of Guarantee, the Guarantor has also 
undertaken to issue an additional guarantee in an amount equal 
to any liability exceeding the maximum amount mentioned 
above in relation to any Tranche of Senior Preferred Notes. 
Cross Default: 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Senior Preferred Notes will contain a cross default in respect of 
indebtedness for borrowed money of the relevant Issuer and, 
where applicable, the Guarantor, as more fully set out in 
Condition 8(a) (Events of Default of the Senior Preferred 
Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
or Condition 8(a) (Events of Default of the Senior Preferred 
Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes. 
Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemable as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
 
For so long as:  
(I) it is required under the MREL/TLAC Requirements, any 
redemption, purchase or modification of the Senior 
Preferred Notes in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or the Terms and 
Conditions of the Italian Law Notes is subject to the 
Issuer giving notice to the Relevant Authority and the 
Relevant Authority granting permission to redeem or 
purchase the relevant Senior Preferred Notes; 
(II) it is required under Articles 12-bis and 91, paragraph 1-
bis, letter c-bis of the Italian Banking Act and any

--- Page 45 ---
37 
 
 
relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted 
for such purposes by any Relevant Authority and/or under 
the 
MREL/TLAC 
Requirements, 
any 
redemption, 
purchase or modification of the Senior Non Preferred 
Notes in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes or the Terms and Conditions of the 
Italian Law Notes is subject to the Issuer giving notice to 
the Relevant Authority and the Relevant Authority 
granting permission to redeem or purchase the relevant 
Senior Non Preferred Notes; and 
(III) it is required under Applicable Banking Regulations, any 
redemption, purchase or modification of the Subordinated 
Notes in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes or the Terms and Conditions of the 
Italian Law Notes is subject to: (i) the prior approval of 
the Relevant Authority, as provided under the Applicable 
Banking Regulations; (ii) in the case of any redemption or 
purchase, if and to the extent then required under the 
Applicable Banking Regulations, either (A) Mediobanca 
having replaced the Subordinated Notes with own funds 
instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are 
sustainable for the income capacity of Mediobanca; or (B) 
Mediobanca having demonstrated to the satisfaction of 
the Relevant Authority that the own funds of Mediobanca 
would, following such redemption or purchase, exceed its 
Regulatory Capital Requirements for the time being; and 
(iii) in the case of any redemption prior to the fifth 
anniversary of the Issue Date, (A) in case of redemption 
for tax reasons, Mediobanca has demonstrated to the 
satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the change in 
tax treatment is material and was not reasonably 
foreseeable as at the Issue Date, or (B) in the case of a 
Regulatory Event, Mediobanca has demonstrated to the 
satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the relevant 
change in the regulatory classification of the Subordinated 
Notes was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue 
Datee and the Relevant Authority considers such change 
to be reasonably certain. 
Optional Redemption: 
Subject to any legal and regulatory requirements, the Final 
Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state 
whether such Notes may be redeemed before their stated 
maturity at the option of the relevant Issuer (either in whole or 
in part) and/or the Noteholders, and if so the terms applicable 
to such redemption and subject to all relevant legal and 
regulatory requirements. 
 
If the Notes are:  
(i) 
Senior Preferred Notes, unless otherwise permitted under 
the 
MREL/TLAC 
Requirements, 
the 
Optional 
Redemption Date shall be subject to the prior 
authorisation of the Relevant Authority, when required; 
(ii) Senior Non Preferred Notes, unless otherwise permitted 
by Articles 12-bis and 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of 
the Italian Banking Act and any relevant implementing 
regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by

--- Page 46 ---
38 
 
 
any Relevant Authority and/or under the MREL/TLAC 
Requirements, the Optional Redemption Date shall not be 
earlier than twelve months after the Issue Date, subject to 
the prior authorisation of the Relevant Authority, when 
required; and 
(iii) Subordinated Notes, unless otherwise permitted by 
current laws, regulations, directives, and/or the Relevant 
Authority’s requirements applicable to the issue of 
Subordinated Notes by Mediobanca, the Optional 
Redemption Date shall not be earlier than five years after 
the Issue Date, subject to the Relevant Authority prior 
authorisation when required.  
 
Subject to Condition 4(l) (Special provision in relation to 
redemption, purchase or modification of the Notes) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 4(l) 
(Special provision in relation to redemption, purchase or 
modification of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Italian Law Notes (as the case may be), if Regulatory Call is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Senior Notes and 
the Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at the option of 
Mediobanca, in whole but not in part, at any time (if the Note 
is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date 
(if the Note is a Floating Rate Note): (i) in case of the Senior 
Notes, upon the occurrence of a MREL/TLAC Disqualification 
Event (as defined in Condition 4(g) (Redemption for 
regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or Condition 4(g) 
(Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes) with respect to 
the relevant Series of Senior Preferred Notes and/or Senior 
Non Preferred Notes and (ii) in case of Subordinated Notes, 
the Subordinated Notes cease to qualify (in whole or in part) as 
“Tier II Capital”, on a consolidated or non consolidated basis, 
as a result of changes after the date of issue of the relevant 
Subordinated Notes in accordance with Applicable Banking 
Regulations. 
Tax Redemption: 
With respect to Notes, the relevant Final Terms will specify 
whether early redemption will be permitted for tax reasons as 
described in Condition 4(c) (Redemption for taxation reasons) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes. 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of Notes, Receipts and Coupons by the 
Issuer or (as the case may be) the Guarantor under the Deed of 
Guarantee will be made without withholding or deduction for, 
or on account of, any taxes imposed by the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg or the Republic of Italy, as the case may be, 
unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In 
that event, the Issuer or (as the case may be) the Guarantor will 
(save as provided in Condition 6 (Taxation) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes and of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Italian Law Notes) pay such additional 
amounts in respect of principal and interest in the case of 
Senior Notes (if permitted by MREL/TLAC Requirements) 
and interest only in the case of Subordinated Notes as will 
result in the holders of Notes, Receipts or Coupons receiving

--- Page 47 ---
39 
 
 
such amounts as they would have received in respect to Notes, 
Receipts or Coupons had no such withholding or deduction 
been required. 
 
However, as more fully set out in Condition 6 (Taxation) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes, unless 
otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms, neither the 
Issuer nor (as the case may be) the Guarantor will be liable to 
pay any additional amounts to holders of Notes, Receipts or 
Coupons in relation to any payment on any Note, Receipt or 
Coupon with respect to any withholding or deduction for or on 
account of, inter alia, (i) substitute tax (imposta sostitutiva) 
pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 (as 
subsequently amended “Decree No. 239”); (ii) withholding tax 
pursuant to Presidential Decree No. 600 of 29 September 1973 
(“Decree No. 600”); and (iii) withholding tax on Notes 
qualifying as atypical securities (titoli atipici) for Italian tax 
purposes, pursuant to Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 
1983 (“Decree No. 512”). 
Rating: 
The rating of the Notes, if any, to be issued under the 
Programme will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or 
unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will 
not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described above or 
the rating(s) assigned to Notes already issued. Where a 
Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Whether or not each 
credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of 
Notes will be (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in 
the EEA or in the UK and registered under the CRA 
Regulation, or (2) issued by a credit rating agency which is not 
established in the EEA or in the UK but will be endorsed by a 
CRA which is established in the EEA or in the UK and 
registered under the CRA Regulation or (3) issued by a credit 
rating agency which is not established in the EEA or in the UK 
but which is certified under the CRA Regulation will be 
disclosed in the Final Terms. In general, European regulated 
investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA or in the UK and registered under the 
CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the EEA or in the UK but is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA or in 
the UK and registered under the CRA Regulation or (2) the 
rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in 
the EEA or in the UK which is certified under the CRA 
Regulation. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Governing Law: 
The English Law Notes and the Italian Law Notes and any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
the relevant Notes will be governed by, and shall be construed 
in accordance with, respectively, English law or Italian Law, 
also in accordance with the provisions of Regulation (EC) no. 
864/2007 of 11 July 2007 on the law applicable to non-

--- Page 48 ---
40 
 
 
contractual obligations (the “Rome II Regulation”) except, (I) 
in case of Notes issued by Mediobanca, Conditions 2(b) 
(Status of the Senior Preferred Notes), 2(c) (Status of the 
Senior Non Preferred Notes), 2(d) (Status of the Subordinated 
Notes), 4(b) (Maturities/Final Redemption), 4(g) (Redemption 
for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)), 8(b) (Events of 
Default of the Senior Non Preferred Notes), 8(c) (Events of 
Default of the Subordinated Notes) and 16 (Acknowledgment of 
the Italian / Luxembourg Bail-in Power) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes, are governed by, and 
shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law; (II) in case 
of Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca International, 
Conditions 2(b) (Status of the Senior Preferred Notes), 4(b) 
(Maturities/Final 
Redemption), 
4(g) 
(Redemption 
for 
regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)) and Condition 16 
(Acknowledgment of the Italian / Luxembourg Bail-in Power) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or 
Conditions 2(b) (Status of the Senior Preferred Notes), 4(b) 
(Maturities/Final 
Redemption), 
4(g) 
(Redemption 
for 
regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)) and Condition 15 
(Acknowledgment of the Italian / Luxembourg Bail-in Power) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes, are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
Luxembourgish law. For the avoidance of doubt, articles 470-3 
to 470-19 of the Luxembourg law on commercial companies 
dated 10 August 1915, as amended from time to time (the 
“Luxembourg Company Law”) shall not apply to Senior 
Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca International. 
Listing and Admission to Trading: 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of 
Ireland as competent authority under the Prospectus 
Regulation. Application has also been made for Notes issued 
under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Euronext Dublin and to be listed on the 
Official List of the Euronext Dublin. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, 
on other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be 
agreed between the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (where 
applicable) and the relevant Dealer in relation to the relevant 
Series. Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading 
on any market may also be issued. 
 
The Central Bank of Ireland may, at the request of either 
Issuer, send to the competent authority of another European 
Economic Area Member State (i) a copy of this Base 
Prospectus; and (ii) a Certificate of Approval in accordance 
with Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if 
any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and 
any other terms and conditions not contained herein which are 
applicable to each Tranche of Notes will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms which, with respect to Notes to be listed 
on the Official List of the Euronext Dublin, and admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of the Euronext Dublin will be 
delivered to the Euronext Dublin.

--- Page 49 ---
41 
 
 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the 
relevant Notes are to be listed and admitted to trading and, if 
so, on which stock exchanges and markets. 
Selling Restrictions: 
See “Plan of Distribution”.

--- Page 50 ---
42 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents, which have been approved by or filed with the Central Bank of Ireland and the 
Euronext Dublin, shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Base 
Prospectus:  
 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements as at and for the years ended 30 June 2020 
and 2019 of Mediobanca;  
 
the audited non-consolidated annual financial statements as at and for the years ended 30 June 
2020 and 2019 of Mediobanca International; 
 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (pages 25 - 46) set out in the Base Prospectus dated 11 
January 2007 relating to the Euro 16,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of 
Mediobanca and Mediobanca International; 
 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (pages 34 - 56) set out in the Base Prospectus dated 4 
December 2007 relating to the Euro 25,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of 
Mediobanca and Mediobanca International; 
 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (pages 37 – 58) set out in the Base Prospectus dated 12 
December 2008 relating to the Euro 40,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of 
Mediobanca and Mediobanca International; 
 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (pages 39 – 61) set out in the Base Prospectus dated 16 
December 2009 relating to the Euro 40,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of 
Mediobanca and Mediobanca International; 
 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (pages 99 – 133) set out in the Base Prospectus dated 13 
January 2011 relating to the Euro 40,000,000,000 Issuance Programme of Mediobanca and 
Mediobanca International; 
 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (pages 105 – 139) set out in the Base Prospectus dated 30 
November 2011 relating to the Euro 40,000,000,000 Issuance Programme of Mediobanca and 
Mediobanca International; 
 
the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes (pages 76 – 105) and the Terms and Conditions of 
the Subordinated Notes (pages 106 – 138) set out in the Base Prospectus dated 23 January 2013 
relating to the Euro 40,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of Mediobanca and 
Mediobanca International; 
 
the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes (pages 76 – 105) and the Terms and Conditions of 
the Subordinated Notes (pages 106 – 137) set out in the Base Prospectus dated 27 January 2014 
relating to the Euro 40,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of Mediobanca and 
Mediobanca International; 
 
the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes (pages 81 – 111) and the Terms and Conditions of 
the Subordinated Notes (pages 112 – 143) set out in the Base Prospectus dated 19 December 
2014 relating to the Euro 40,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of Mediobanca 
and Mediobanca International;  
 
the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes (pages 85 - 117) and the Terms and Conditions of 
the Subordinated Notes (pages 118 - 150) set out in the Base Prospectus dated 11 December 2015 
relating to the Euro 40,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of Mediobanca and 
Mediobanca International;  
 
the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes (pages 69 - 96) and the Terms and Conditions of 
the Subordinated Notes (pages 97 - 123) set out in the Base Prospectus dated 22 December 2016 
relating to the Euro 40,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of Mediobanca and 
Mediobanca International;

--- Page 51 ---
43 
 
 
 
the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes (pages 83 – 112) and the Terms and Conditions of 
the Subordinated Notes (pages 113 – 141) set out in the Base Prospectus dated 24 January 2018 
relating to the Euro 40,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of Mediobanca and 
Mediobanca International; and 
 
the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes (pages 84 - 122) and the Terms and Conditions of 
the Subordinated Notes (pages 123 - 155) set out in the Base Prospectus dated 21 December 2018 
relating to the Euro 40,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of Mediobanca and 
Mediobanca International, 
 
the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes Notes (pages 48 - 92) and the Terms and 
Conditions of the Italian Law Notes (pages 93 - 137) set out in the Base Prospectus dated 16 
December 2019 relating to the Euro 40,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of 
Mediobanca and Mediobanca International, 
in the case of the above-mentioned financial statements, together with the accompanying notes and 
(where applicable) auditors’ reports, save that any statement contained in this Base Prospectus or in any 
of the documents incorporated by reference in, and forming part of, this Base Prospectus shall be deemed 
to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement 
contained in any document subsequently incorporated by reference by way of supplement prepared in 
accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation modifies or supersedes such statement. Where 
only certain sections of a document referred to above are incorporated by reference to this Base 
Prospectus, the parts of the document which are not incorporated by reference are either not relevant for 
prospective investors or are covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuers will provide, without charge to each person to whom a copy of this Base Prospectus has been 
delivered, upon the request of such person, a copy (by electronic means, unless such person requests hard 
copy) of any or all the documents deemed to be incorporated by reference herein unless such documents 
have been modified or superseded as specified above, in which case the modified or superseded version 
of such document will be provided. Request for such documents should be directed to the Issuers at their 
offices set out at the end of this Base Prospectus. In addition, such documents will be available, without 
charge, at the principal office of the Paying Agent in Luxembourg and on the Mediobanca’s website at 
the following link (https://www.mediobanca.com/en/investor-relations/results-presentations/risultati.html 
with 
respect 
to 
the 
financial 
information, 
https://www.mediobanca.com/en/products-
issued/documents/framework-documentation.html with respect to the remaining documents listed above) 
and 
on 
the 
Mediobanca 
International’s 
website 
(https://www.mediobancaint.lu/en/investor-
documentation.html). 
The following table shows where some of the information incorporated by reference this Base Prospectus 
can be found in the above-mentioned documents. Information contained in those documents other than 
the information listed below does not form part of this Base Prospectus and is either not relevant or 
covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Cross-reference list in respect of the Mediobanca and Mediobanca International financial 
statements  
Mediobanca - Consolidated annual financial 
statements 
 
 
2020 
2019 
Consolidated Balance sheet .................................  
Pages 100-101 
Pages 86-87 
Consolidated Profit and Loss Account  ...............  
Consolidated Comprehensive Profit and Loss 
Account  ..............................................................  
Pages 102  
Pages 103 
Pages 88 
Pages 89  
Statement of changes in Consolidated Net 
Equity ..................................................................  
Pages 104-105  
Pages 90-91  
Consolidated Cash flow Statement Direct 
Method ................................................................  
Page 106 
Pages 92  
Notes to the accounts 
Pages 112-364 
Pages 98-345 
Auditors’ reports..................................................  
Pages 449-459 
Pages 376-385

--- Page 52 ---
44 
 
 
 
Mediobanca International - Non-
Consolidated annual financial statements 
 
 
2020 
2019 
Statement of financial position ............................ 
Pages 36-37 
Pages 40-41 
Statement of comprehensive income ................... 
Pages 38  
Page 42  
Statement of changes in equity ............................ 
Pages 39-40  
Pages 43-44  
Cash flow statement ............................................ 
Page 41  
Pages 45-46  
Accounting policies and explanatory notes ......... 
Pages 43-151 
Pages 48-176  
Auditors’ reports.................................................. 
Pages 29-34 
Pages 33-38

--- Page 53 ---
45 
 
 
FINAL TERMS, SUPPLEMENTS AND FURTHER PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression “necessary information” means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the 
information necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and the Guarantor and of the rights 
attaching to the Notes and the Guarantee. In relation to the different types of Notes which may be issued 
under the Programme the Issuer and the Guarantor have included in this Base Prospectus all of the 
necessary information except for information relating to the Notes which is not known at the date of this 
Base Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of an individual issue of a Tranche of 
Notes. 
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required 
in order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be contained either 
in the relevant Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus. 
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of 
that Tranche only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base 
Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject 
of Final Terms are the Conditions described in the relevant Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a 
Drawdown Prospectus will be the Conditions as amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the 
relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or 
identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
The Issuer will prepare a replacement prospectus setting out the changes in the operations and financial 
conditions of the Issuer at least every year. 
The Issuer has given an undertaking to the Dealers that if at any time during the duration of the 
Programme there is a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of the Notes, it shall 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with 
any subsequent offering of the Notes and shall supply to each Dealer a number of copies of such 
supplement as a Dealer may reasonably request. 
In addition, the Issuers and the Guarantor may agree with any Dealer to issue Notes in a form not 
contemplated in the sections of this Base Prospectus entitled “Form of Final Terms”. To the extent that 
the information relating to that Tranche of Notes constitutes a significant new factor in relation to the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus, a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (a 
“Drawdown Prospectus”) will be made available and will contain such information. Each Drawdown 
Prospectus will be constituted either (1) by a single document containing the necessary information 
relating to the relevant Issuer and (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca 
International only) the Guarantor and the relevant Notes or (2) pursuant to Article 6.3 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, by a registration document containing the necessary information relating to the relevant 
Issuer and (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca International only) the Guarantor, 
a securities note containing the necessary information relating to the relevant Notes and, if necessary, a 
summary note. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, 
references in this Base Prospectus to information specified or identified in the Final Terms shall (unless 
the context requires otherwise) be read and construed as information specified or identified in the relevant 
Drawdown Prospectus.

--- Page 54 ---
46 
 
 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
(A) 
Temporary or Permanent Global Note 
Unless otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms, each Tranche of Notes will initially be in the form 
of either a temporary global note (a “Temporary Global Note”), without Coupons, or a permanent global 
note (a “Permanent Global Note”), without Coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Note (each, a “Global 
Note”) which is not intended to be issued in a new global note form (a “Classic Global Note” or 
“CGN”), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the Issue Date of the 
relevant Tranche of the Notes with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg” or “CBL”) and/or any 
other relevant clearing system and/or deposited directly with Monte Titoli S.p.A. and/or any other 
centralised custodian appointed by the Issuers (together, the “Centralised Custodian”) and each Global 
Note which is intended to be issued in new global note form (a “New Global Note” or “NGN”), as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the Issue Date of the relevant 
Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
On 13 June 2006 the European Central Bank (the “ECB”) announced that Notes in NGN form are in 
compliance with the “Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit 
operations” of the central banking system for the euro (the “Eurosystem”), provided that certain other 
criteria are fulfilled (including denomination in euro and listing on an EU regulated market or on an ECB-
approved non-regulated market). At the same time the ECB also announced that arrangements for Notes 
in NGN form will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and the debt 
securities in global bearer form issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 
December 2006 will only be eligible as collateral for Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used (and 
if the above-mentioned other criteria are fulfilled). 
The relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United States Treasury Regulation §1.163- 
5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the “TEFRA C Rules”) or United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the 
“TEFRA D Rules”) are applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the Notes do not have a maturity of more 
than 365 days, that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable 
for a Permanent Global Note”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note 
without Coupons or Receipts (as defined herein), interests in which will be exchangeable, in whole or in 
part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without Coupons, not earlier than 40 days after the Issue 
Date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. No 
payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for interests in the Permanent 
Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest payments in respect of the Notes 
cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Note, the relevant Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the prompt delivery (free of 
charge to the bearer) of such Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in 
the case of any subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note 
in accordance with its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to 
the order of the Fiscal Agent; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership, 
within seven days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
The principal amount of the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of the principal 
amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership, provided, however, that in no

--- Page 55 ---
47 
 
 
circumstances shall the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note exceed the initial principal 
amount of the Temporary Global Note. 
The Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Notes in definitive form 
(“Definitive Notes”): 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies “in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent 
Global Note”, then if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing 
system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal 
holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or (b) any of the 
circumstances described in Condition 8 (Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes or Condition 8 (Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian 
Law Notes occurs. 
Where interests in the Permanent Global Note are to be exchanged for Definitive Notes in the 
circumstances described in (i) and (ii) above, Notes may only be issued in denominations which are 
integral multiples of the minimum denomination and may only be traded in such amounts, whether in 
global or definitive form. As an exception to the above rule, where the Permanent Global Note may only 
be exchanged in the limited circumstances described in (iii) above, Notes may be issued in denominations 
which represent the aggregate of a minimum denomination of EUR 100,000, plus integral multiples of 
EUR 1,000, provided that such denominations are not less than EUR 100,000 nor more than EUR 
199,000 and that Senior Non Preferred Notes issued under the Programme will have a denomination of at 
least EUR 250,000 (or, where the Senior Non Preferred Notes are denominated in a currency other than 
euro, the equivalent amount in such other currency). For the avoidance of doubt, each holder of Notes of 
such denominations will, upon exchange for Definitive Notes, receive Definitive Notes in an amount 
equal to its entitlement to the principal amount represented by the Permanent Global Note. However, a 
Noteholder who holds an aggregate principal amount of less than the minimum denomination may not 
receive a Definitive Note and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding is 
an integral multiple of the minimum denomination.  
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the relevant Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and 
with Coupons, Talons and Receipts attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate 
principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the 
Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal 
Agent within 45 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes” and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA 
C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a 
Temporary Global Note, without Coupons, interests in which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in 
part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of the 
Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes” and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will 
initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note, without Coupons or Receipts, interests in which will 
be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the Issue Date of 
the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest 
payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership.

--- Page 56 ---
48 
 
 
Where the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, Notes may only be issued in 
denominations which are integral multiples of the minimum denomination and may only be traded in such 
amounts, whether in global or definitive form. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the relevant Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and 
with Coupons, Talons and Receipts (as defined herein) attached (if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to 
the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the 
order of the Fiscal Agent within 45 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Permanent Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note, without 
Coupons or Receipts, interests in which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive 
Notes: 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies “in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent 
Global Note”, then if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing 
system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal 
holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or (b) any of the 
circumstances described in Condition 8 (Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes or Condition 8 (Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian 
Law Notes occurs. 
Where interests in the Permanent Global Note are to be exchanged for Definitive Notes in the 
circumstances described in paragraphs (i) and (ii) above, Notes may only be issued in denominations 
which are integral multiples of the minimum denomination and may only be traded in such amounts, 
whether in global or definitive form. As an exception to the above rule, where the Permanent Global Note 
may only be exchanged in the limited circumstances described in paragraph (iii) above, Notes may be 
issued in denominations which represent the aggregate of a minimum denomination of EUR 100,000, 
plus integral multiples of EUR 1,000, provided that such denominations are not less than EUR 100,000 
nor more than EUR 199,000 and that Senior Non Preferred Notes issued under the Programme will have 
denominations of at least EUR 250,000 (or, where the Senior Non Preferred Notes are denominated in a 
currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such other currency). For the avoidance of doubt, each 
holder of Notes of such denominations will, upon exchange for Definitive Notes, receive Definitive Notes 
in an amount equal to its entitlement to the principal amount represented by the Permanent Global Notes. 
However, a Noteholder who holds an aggregate principal amount of less than the minimum denomination 
may not receive a Definitive Note and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its 
holding is an integral multiple of the minimum denomination. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the relevant Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and 
with Coupons, Talons and Receipts attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate 
principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the 
Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal 
Agent within 45 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. Where the Notes are listed on the Euronext 
Dublin and its rules so require, the Issuer will give notice of the exchange of the Permanent Global Note 
for Definitive Notes pursuant to Condition 12 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law 
Notes or Condition 12 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes.

--- Page 57 ---
49 
 
 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist 
of the terms and conditions set out under “Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes” below or 
“Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes”, as applicable,. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and 
conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under 
“Provisions relating to the Notes While in Global Form” below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in global form, 
the Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the 
following effect: 
“Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal 
Revenue Code.” 
The sections referred to in such legend provide that a United States person who holds a Note, Coupon, 
Talon or Receipt will generally not be allowed to deduct any loss realised on the sale, exchange or 
redemption of such Note, Coupon, Talon or Receipt and any gain (which might otherwise be 
characterised as capital gain) recognised on such sale, exchange or redemption will be treated as ordinary 
income. 
(B) 
Book-entry form 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of the Notes as being “Book-entry form”, then the Notes 
will not be represented by paper certificates and the transfer and exchange of Notes will take place 
exclusively through an electronic book-entry system managed by Monte Titoli S.p.A. or any other 
Centralised Custodian appointed by the Issuers. Accordingly, all Notes shall be deposited by their owners 
with an intermediary participant in the relevant Centralised Custodian. The intermediary will in turn 
deposit the Notes with the Centralised Custodian. 
To transfer an interest in the Notes, the transferor and the transferee are required to give instructions to 
their respective intermediaries. If the transferee is a client of the transferor’s intermediary, the 
intermediary will simply transfer the Notes from the Transferor’s account to the account of the transferee. 
If, however, the transferee is a client of another intermediary, the transferor’s intermediary will instruct 
the centralised clearing system to transfer the Notes to the account of the transferee’s intermediary, which 
will then register the Notes on the transferee’s account. 
Each intermediary maintains a custody account for each of its clients. This account sets out the financial 
instruments of each client and the records of all transfers, interest payments, charges or other 
encumbrances on such instruments. The account holder or any other eligible party may submit a request 
to the intermediary for the issue of a certified account statement. 
In such circumstances, it will not be possible for a Noteholder to obtain physical delivery of Notes 
certificates representing the Notes.

--- Page 58 ---
50 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions of the Notes applicable to each Series of Notes to be 
governed under English Law (respectively, the “English Law Notes” or the “Notes” and the “Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes” or the “Conditions”) which, as completed by the relevant 
Final Terms, will be endorsed into each Note in final form issued under the Programme. The terms and 
conditions applicable to any Notes in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which would 
apply to the Notes whilst in final form to the extent described under “Provisions relating to the Notes 
While in Global Form” below. 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. (“Mediobanca”), Mediobanca International 
(Luxembourg) S.A. (“Mediobanca International”) (each, an “Issuer” and, together, the “Issuers”) have 
established an Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) for the issuance of up to Euro 
40,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of senior preferred notes which may be issued by each of 
the Issuers (the “Senior Preferred Notes”), senior non preferred notes which may be issued by 
Mediobanca only (the “Senior Non Preferred Notes” and, together with the Senior Preferred Notes, the 
“Senior Notes”) and subordinated notes which may be issued by Mediobanca only (the “Subordinated 
Notes”), guaranteed by Mediobanca (in its capacity as guarantor, the “Guarantor”) in respect of Senior 
Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca International only. 
The Notes are issued pursuant to an amended and restated Issue and Paying Agency Agreement dated 18 
December 2020, as amended or supplemented from time to time, (the “Issue and Paying Agency 
Agreement”) between the Issuers, the Guarantor, BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch, 
as fiscal agent and principal paying agent (the “Fiscal Agent”) and Mediobanca in its capacity as Italian 
paying agent (the “Italian Paying Agent” and together with the Fiscal Agent and any additional or other 
paying agents in respect of the Notes from time to time appointed, the “Paying Agents”) and with the 
benefit of deeds of covenant dated 18 December 2020 (each, a “Deed of Covenant” and, together, the 
“Deeds of Covenant”), each of them executed by the relevant Issuer in respect of Notes issued by such 
Issuer. The Guarantor has, for the benefit of the holders of Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca 
International from time to time, executed and delivered a deed of guarantee (the “Deed of Guarantee”) 
dated 18 December 2020 under which it has guaranteed, in accordance with the terms and subject to 
limitations of the Deed of Guarantee, the due and punctual payment of the amounts due by Mediobanca 
International under the Notes and the Deed of Covenant as and when the same shall become due and 
payable (the “Guarantee of the Notes”). The holders of the Notes (as defined below), the holders of the 
interest coupons (the “Coupons”) appertaining to interest bearing Notes and, where applicable in the case 
of such Notes, talons for further Coupons (the “Talons”) and the holders of the instalment receipts (the 
“Receipts”) appertaining to the payment of principal by instalments are deemed to have notice of all of 
the provisions of the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement applicable to them. 
Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each, a “Series”) and each Series may comprise 
one or more tranches (each, a “Tranche”) of Notes. Each Tranche of Notes is the subject of final terms 
(the “Final Terms”) which completes these Conditions. The terms and conditions applicable to any 
particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the event 
of any inconsistency between these Conditions and the Final Terms, the Final Terms shall prevail. All 
subsequent references in these Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes which are the subject of the Final 
Terms. These Conditions apply to Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non Preferred Notes, only to the 
extent that such Senior Non Preferred Notes are issued by Mediobanca, and are defined as “strumenti di 
debito chirografario di secondo livello” pursuant to and for the purposes of Articles 12-bis and 91, 
paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation which 
may be enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority. These Conditions apply also to 
Subordinated Notes which are issued by Mediobanca and are defined as “Tier II Instruments” in Part II, 
Chapter 1 of the Prudential Regulations for Banks and in Article 63 of the CRR. Copies of the Final 
Terms are available during normal business hours at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent, the initial 
Specified Office of which is set out below (the “Specified Office”). Certain provisions of these 
Conditions are summaries of the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement and are subject to their detailed 
provisions. 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will specify whether the Issuer is Mediobanca or 
Mediobanca International. In these Conditions, any reference to a statute or regulation shall be construed

--- Page 59 ---
51 
 
 
as a reference to such statute or regulation as the same may have been, or may from time to time be, 
amended or re-enacted. 
Copies of the Deed of Guarantee are available for inspection at the specified office of the Paying Agent. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are issued in bearer form in the currency (the “Specified Currency”) and the 
denominations (the “Specified Denomination(s)”) shown in the Final Terms, provided that 
Senior Non Preferred Notes will have denomination of at least EUR 250,000 (or, where the 
Senior Non Preferred Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amount in such other currency). 
Notes are issued with Coupons (and where appropriate, a Talon) attached save in the case of 
Notes which do not bear interest in which case references to interest (other than in relation to 
interest due after the date specified in the Final Terms as the Maturity Date (as designed below), 
Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable. Any Note the principal amount of 
which is redeemable in instalments is issued with one or more Receipts attached. 
Title to the Note and the Receipts, Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Except as ordered 
by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any Note, Receipt, 
Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as the absolute owner of such Note, 
Receipt, Coupon or Talon, as the case may be, for the purpose of receiving payment thereof or on 
account thereof and for all other purposes, whether or not such Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon 
shall be overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership, theft or loss thereof or any writing 
thereon made by anyone. No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any 
Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
In these Conditions, “holder” (in relation to a Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon) means the bearer 
of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon. All capitalised terms which are not defined in these 
Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms, the absence of any 
such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes. Those definitions will be 
endorsed on the definitive Notes. 
2. 
STATUS OF NOTES AND GUARANTEE 
(a) 
Definitions: 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms 
shall have the meanings set out below. 
“Bank of Italy” means the Bank of Italy and/or any other competent authority which at 
a future date carries out the functions which the Bank of Italy performs as at the Issue 
Date. 
“Italian Banking Act” means Italian Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, 
as amended or supplemented from time to time (including, without limitation, as a 
consequence of the transposition of the Banking Reform Package into Italian law).. 
“Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa” means Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa as 
described in Articles 80 to 94 of the Italian Banking Act. 
(b) 
Status of the Senior Preferred Notes: 
The Senior Preferred Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the relevant Issuer and will rank at all times at least pari passu 
without any preference among themselves and equally with all other present and future 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, save for certain mandatory 
exceptions of applicable law, it being understood moreover that the obligations of the

--- Page 60 ---
52 
 
 
relevant Issuer under the Senior Preferred Notes will be subject to the Italian Bail-In 
Power or the Luxembourg Bail-In Power, as the case may be. 
If waiver of set-off rights is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, each 
holder of a Senior Preferred Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of 
set-off, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have 
under the laws of any jurisdiction in respect of such Senior Preferred Note. 
(c) 
Status of the Senior Non Preferred Notes: 
The Senior Non Preferred Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated, 
unsecured and non preferred obligations of Mediobanca and will rank at all times pari 
passu without any preference among themselves.  
In the event of a winding up, dissolution, liquidation or bankruptcy (including, inter alia, 
Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa) of Mediobanca, the payment obligations of 
Mediobanca under each Series of Senior Non Preferred Notes, and the relative Coupons 
as the case may be, will rank in right of payment (A) after unsubordinated creditors 
(including depositors and any holder of Senior Preferred Notes and their respective 
Coupons) of Mediobanca but (B) at least pari passu with all other present and future 
unsubordinated and non preferred obligations of Mediobanca which do not rank or are 
not expressed by their terms to rank junior or senior to such Series of Senior Non 
Preferred Notes and (C) in priority to any present or future claims ranking junior to such 
Series of Senior Non Preferred Notes (including any holder of Subordinated Notes) and 
the claims of shareholders of Mediobanca, in all such cases in accordance with the 
provisions of Article 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian Banking Act and any 
relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by any 
Relevant Authority, it being understood moreover that the obligations of Mediobanca 
under the Senior Non Preferred Notes will be subject to the Italian Bail-In Power. 
Each holder of a Senior Non Preferred Note is deemed unconditionally and irrevocably 
to have waived any right of set-off, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy 
which it might otherwise have, under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such 
Senior Non Preferred Note. 
(d) 
Status of the Subordinated Notes:  
The Subordinated Notes and any related Coupons constitute direct, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of Mediobanca and, subject to the provisions of this Condition 
2, will at all times rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. In relation 
to each Series of Subordinated Notes, all Subordinated Notes of such Series will be 
treated equally and all amounts paid by Mediobanca in respect of principal and interest 
thereon will be paid pro rata on all Notes of such Series. 
In the event of the winding up, dissolution, liquidation or bankruptcy (including, inter 
alia, Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa) of Mediobanca, the payment obligations of 
Mediobanca under each Series of Subordinated Notes, and the relative Coupons as the 
case may be, will rank in right of payment (A) after unsubordinated creditors (including 
depositors and any holder of Senior Notes and their respective Coupons) of Mediobanca 
as well as subordinated creditors which rank or are expressed to rank senior to the 
Subordinated Notes but (B) at least pari passu with all other subordinated obligations of 
Mediobanca which do not rank or are not expressed by their terms to rank junior or 
senior to such Series of Subordinated Notes and (C) in priority to the claims of 
subordinated creditors ranking or expressed to rank junior to the Subordinated Notes 
(including, but not limited to, “Additional Tier 1 Instruments” (as defined in the 
Prudential Regulations for Banks and in the CRR)) and of the shareholders of 
Mediobanca, it being understood moreover that the obligations of Mediobanca under the 
Subordinated Notes will be subject to the Italian Bail-In Power.

--- Page 61 ---
53 
 
 
Each holder of a Subordinated Note is deemed unconditionally and irrevocably to have 
waived any right of set-off, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it 
might otherwise have, under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Subordinated 
Note. 
(e) 
Status of Guarantee 
The Guarantee of the Senior Preferred Notes constitutes direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Guarantor pursuant to the terms and 
conditions and subject to the limitations set out in the Deed of Guarantee which will rank 
at all times at least pari passu without any preference among themselves and equally 
with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Guarantor, save for certain mandatory exceptions of applicable law. 
3. 
INTEREST AND OTHER CALCULATIONS 
(a) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms 
shall have the meanings set out below. 
“Accrual Yield” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Additional Business Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Additional Financial Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Benchmarks Regulation” means Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial 
instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds 
and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No. 
596/2014. 
“Broken Amount” means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
generally in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in 
London, in the Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each 
(if any) Additional Business Centre. 
“Calculation Agent” means Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A., the 
Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant Final Terms as the party 
responsible for calculating the Interest Rate(s) and Interest Amount(s) and/or such other 
amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Calculation Amount” means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.  
“CMS” means the constant maturity swap rate specified as such in the Final Terms.

--- Page 62 ---
54 
 
 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period 
of time (the “Calculation Period”), such day count fraction as may be specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if “1/1” is specified, 1; 
(b) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is specified, the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made 
divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, 
the sum of (i) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (ii) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(c) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular 
Period during which it falls, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of 
days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in 
any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the 
sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in 
the Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of 
(1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) 
the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in 
the next Regular Period divided by the product of (1) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; 
(d) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 365; 
(e) 
if “Actual/360” is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360; 
(f) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 






360
1
D
2
D
]
1
M
2
M
[30
1
Y
2
Y
[360







 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 63 ---
55 
 
 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 
is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(g) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 






360
1
D
2
D
]
1
M
2
M
[30
1
Y
2
Y
[360







 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in 
which case D2 will be 30; and 
(h) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 






360
1
D
2
D
]
1
M
2
M
[30
1
Y
2
Y
[360







 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in 
which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 64 ---
56 
 
 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February but not the Termination Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in 
which case D2 will be 30. 
“EURIBOR” means the Euro-zone interbank offered rate specified as such in the Final 
Terms.  
“First Margin” means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“First Reset Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“First Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until 
(but excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Maturity Date. 
“First Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of the First Reset Period and subject to 
Condition 3(e) (Interest Rate on Reset Notes) (ii) (Fallbacks), the rate of interest 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the 
sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the First Margin. 
“Fixed Coupon Amount” means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms.  
“Initial Rate of Interest” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Instalment Date(s)” means the dates specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Accrual Date” means the dates specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Amount” means: 
a) with respect to the Senior Notes, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount in respect of any Interest Period and determined according to 
Condition 3(i) (Calculations in respect of the Senior Notes); 
b) with respect to the Subordinated Notes: 
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable per 
Calculation Amount for that Interest Period and which, in the case of 
Fixed Rate Notes, and unless otherwise specified hereon, shall mean the 
Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount specified in the Final Terms as 
being payable on the Interest Payment Date ending the Interest Period; 
and 
(ii) in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per 
Calculation Amount for that period. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Determination Date” means the date or the dates specified as such in the 
Final Terms. 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date or dates specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms, as the 
same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Accrual Date and

--- Page 65 ---
57 
 
 
each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Accrual Date and ending 
on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Accrual Date. 
“Interest Rate” means the rate of interest (expressed as a percentage per annum) 
payable from time to time in respect of this Note and which is either specified, or 
calculated in accordance with the provisions, in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Rate Switch Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions as amended and updated as at the 
date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the 
Final Terms) as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., 
a copy of which is available on the website of the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. (www.isda.org) and can be obtained from the Issuer. 
“Issue Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Issue Price” means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“LIBID” means the London interbank bid rate specified as such in the Final Terms. 
“LIBOR” means the London interbank offered rate specified as such in the Final Terms. 
“LIMEAN” means the London interbank mid-market rate specified as such in the Final 
Terms. 
“Linear Interpolation” means the straight-line interpolation by reference to two rates 
based on the Reference Rate or the ISDA Rate, as the case may be, one of which will be 
determined as if the Specified Duration were the period of time for which rates are 
available next shorter than the length of the affected Interest Period and the other of 
which will be determined as if the Specified Duration or the Designated Maturity, as the 
case may be, were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the 
length of such Interest Period. 
“Margin” means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate” means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered 
rates for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which 
scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period 
(calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified 
Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate 
swap transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the 
relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount 
that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time 
with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating 
leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity 
(as specified in the relevant Final Terms) (calculated on the day count basis customary 
for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation 
Agent). 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation” means a quotation (expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate. 
“Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate” means EURIBOR if the Specified 
Currency is euro or LIBOR for the Specified Currency if the Specified Currency is not 
euro.  
“Mid-Swap Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to 
Condition 3(e) (Interest Rate on Reset Notes) (ii) (Fallbacks), either:

--- Page 66 ---
58 
 
 
(A) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the rate for 
swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(ii) commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(B) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the arithmetic 
mean (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and 
offered swap rate quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(ii) commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the 
Specified Currency on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
“Multiplier” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Optional Redemption Amount” means 

(y)
AY
1
RP


 
where: 
“RP” means the Reference Price; 
“AY” means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
“y” is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be 
either (i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days 
(calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from 
(and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the 
date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note 
becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in 
which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and 
including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes 
due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case 
the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or 
(as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 365). 
“Payment Business Day” means: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation (if 
presentation is required) are open for presentation and payment of 
bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement 
Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried 
on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or

--- Page 67 ---
59 
 
 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in 
foreign currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which 
dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre. 
“Principal Financial Centre” means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial 
centre for that currency provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State 
of the European Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the 
payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in 
relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland, in 
each case as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of 
a calculation) by the Calculation Agent. 
“Rate of Interest” means the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or 
the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as applicable. 
“Reference Banks” means, the institutions specified as such in the relevant Final Terms 
or, if none, four (or, if the Relevant Financial Centre is Helsinki, five) major banks 
selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute. 
“Reference Price” means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Rate” means EURIBOR, LIBOR, LIBID, LIMEAN, CMS, or the yield on 
securities issued by the Italian Government, as specified in the relevant Final Terms in 
respect of the currency and period specified in the relevant Final Terms and including 
where applicable the relevant yield and issue of securities issued by the Italian 
Government. 
“Reference Rate Multiplier” means the percentage specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
“Regular Period” means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of 
regular payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement 
Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period 
from and including one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest 
Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is 
scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where “Regular Date” means the day and month (but not the year) on 
which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first 
Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to 
but excluding the next Regular Date, where “Regular Date” means the day and

--- Page 68 ---
60 
 
 
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls other than the 
Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period. 
“Relevant Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms 
or, if none is specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
“Relevant Financial Centre” means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined 
on an Interest Determination Date, the financial centre as may be specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the financial centre with which the 
relevant Reference Rate is most closely connected or, if none is so connected, London. 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a 
particular information service (including, but not limited to, Reuters) as may be specified 
as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms for the purpose of providing a 
Reference Rate, or such other page, section, caption, column or other part as may replace 
it on that information service or on such other information service, in each case as may 
be nominated by the person or organisation providing or sponsoring the information 
appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to that 
Reference Rate. 
“Relevant Time” means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the local time 
in the Relevant Financial Centre specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is 
specified, the local time in the Relevant Financial Centre at which it is customary to 
determine bid and offered rates in respect of deposits in the relevant currency in the 
interbank market in the Relevant Financial Centre provided that if the Relevant 
Currency is Euro and the Benchmark is EURIBOR, the Relevant Time shall be 11.00 am 
Brussels time. 
“Reset Date” means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent 
Reset Date (as applicable). 
“Reset Determination Date” means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second 
Business Day prior to the First Reset Date, in respect of the first Subsequent Reset 
Period, the second Business Day prior to the Second Reset Date and, in respect of each 
Subsequent Reset Period thereafter, the second Business Day prior to the first day of 
each such Subsequent Reset Period. 
“Reset Period” means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case 
may be. 
“Second Reset Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Specified Currency” has the meaning, if any, given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Specified Duration” means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an 
Interest Determination Date, the period specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Subsequent Margin” means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Subsequent Reset Date” means the date or dates specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Subsequent Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the Second Reset 
Date to (but excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from 
(and including) a Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding 
Subsequent Reset Date. 
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period 
and subject to Condition 3(e) (Interest Rate on Reset Notes) (ii) (Fallbacks), the rate of 
interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date 
as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the relevant Subsequent Margin.

--- Page 69 ---
61 
 
 
“TARGET System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer (TARGET or TARGET2) System or any successor thereto. 
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which the TARGET System is open. 
“Yield” means: 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of 
such notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the 
Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price, using the formula below. It is not an indication 
of future yield. 





n
r
1
A
n
r
1
1
r
C
P







 
Where: 
“P” is the Issue Price of the Notes; “C” is the annualised Interest Amount; “A” is the 
principal amount of Notes due on redemption; “n” is time to maturity in years; and “r” is 
the annualised yield. 
(b) 
Interest Rate and Accrual 
(A) With respect to the Senior Notes, each Senior Note (other than Zero Coupon 
Notes) bears, for each Interest Period, interest on its outstanding principal amount 
at the Interest Rate, such interest being payable as the Interest Amount, in arrear 
and on each Interest Payment Date. Where an Interest Period is a short or long 
Interest Period, then: 
(i) 
if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, the Interest Amount payable for that short or long Interest 
Period shall be, unless otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Broken Amount specified therein;  
(ii) if (in case of the Senior Preferred Notes only) the Reset Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Interest Amount 
payable for that short or long Interest Period shall be the relevant amount 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(iii) if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, the Interest Rate applicable for that short or long Interest 
Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent using Linear 
Interpolation; 
(B) with respect to the Subordinated Notes, each Subordinated Note bears interest on 
its outstanding principal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the 
Interest Rate, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
Interest will cease to accrue on each Note on the last day of the last Interest Period and, 
in any case, on the due date for redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of 
principal is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest will continue to 
accrue (as well after as before judgment) at the Interest Rate in the manner provided in 
this Condition 3 to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 6 (Taxation)). 
(c) 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in these Conditions which is specified in these Conditions or in the 
relevant Final Terms to be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day 
Convention would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the 
Business Day Convention specified is (i) the Following Business Day Convention, such

--- Page 70 ---
62 
 
 
date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day, (ii) the Modified 
Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day which 
is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or 
(iii) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day. 
(d) 
Interest Rate on Fixed Rate Notes 
With respect to the Senior Notes, if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Interest Rate for each Interest Period shall 
be the fixed rate specified in the relevant Final Terms. The yield of the Fixed Rate Note 
is indicated in the relevant Final Terms and is calculated as the internal rate of return 
(IRR). The yield of the Fixed Rate Notes is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of 
the Issue Price and, if indicated in the relevant Final Terms, the Fixed Coupon and/or the 
Broken Amount. 
With respect to the Subordinated Notes, if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the amount of interest payable in respect 
of each Note for any Interest Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if 
the Notes are in more than one Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon 
Amount in respect of the relevant Denomination. The amount of interest payable in 
respect of each Note for any period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified 
shall be calculated by applying the Interest Rate to the Calculation Amount of such Note, 
multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction (not adjusted in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention) and rounding the resulting figure in accordance with 
Condition 3(h) (Rounding). Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note 
comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect 
of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner 
provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified Denomination 
without any further rounding. The yield of the Fixed Rate Note is indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms and is calculated as the internal rate of return (IRR). The yield of 
the Fixed Rate Notes is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price and, as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms, the Fixed Coupon and/or the Broken Amount. 
(e) 
Interest Rate on Reset Notes 
(i) 
Rates of Interest and Interest Payment Dates 
If, in case of any Notes other than the Senior Non Preferred Notes, the Reset Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, then such Reset 
Note bears interest:  
(A) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date until (but excluding) the 
First Reset Date at the Initial Rate of Interest;  
(B) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the Second Reset 
Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Maturity Date at the rate per annum equal to the First Reset Rate of Interest; 
and  
(C) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant Subsequent 
Reset Rate of Interest, 
payable, in each case, in arrear on each Interest Payment Date and on the Maturity Date 
if that does not fall on an Interest Payment Date. The Rate of Interest and the Interest 
Amount payable shall be determined by the Calculation Agent, (i) in the case of the Rate 
of Interest, at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to 
be determined, and (ii) in the case of the Interest Amount in accordance with the

--- Page 71 ---
63 
 
 
provisions for calculating amounts of interest in Condition 3(d) (Interest Rate on Fixed 
Rate Notes). 
(ii) 
Fallbacks 
Subject to Condition 3(o) (Benchmark replacement), if on any Reset Determination Date 
the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap Rate does not appear on the 
Relevant Screen Page, the Issuer or a third party (i.e. a financial adviser or an investment 
bank appointed by the Issuer) shall request each of the Reference Banks (as defined 
below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on 
the Reset Determination Date in question. 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-Market 
Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum of the arithmetic 
mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being 
rounded upwards)) of the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations and the First 
Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable), all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides 
the Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the 
foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent 
Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) shall be determined to be the Rate of Interest as at 
the last preceding Reset Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the 
First Reset Rate of Interest shall be the Initial Rate of Interest. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(e)(ii) “Reference Banks” means the principal 
office in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency of four (or, if the 
Relevant Financial Centre is Helsinki, five) major banks in the swap, money, securities 
or other market most closely connected with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as selected by 
the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute. 
For the avoidance of doubts it being understood that the provisions set forth in this 
Condition 3(e) shall apply in respect of any Notes other than the Senior Non Preferred 
Notes. 
(f) 
Interest Rate on Floating Rate Notes 
If the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the Final Terms as being applicable, 
the Interest Rate for each Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent on 
the following basis: 
(i) 
Screen Rate Determination: if Screen Rate Denomination is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Interest Rate is to be 
determined, subject to Condition 3(o) (Benchmark replacement), as follow: 
(A) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied 
by one entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(B) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic 
mean of the Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page 
as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(C) 
if, in the case of paragraph (A) above, such rate does not appear on that 
page or, in the case of paragraph (B) above, fewer than two such rates

--- Page 72 ---
64 
 
 
appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable: 
(1) 
the Issuer or a third party (i.e. a financial adviser or an 
investment bank appointed by the Issuer) will request the 
principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the 
Reference Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate 
at approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial 
Centre interbank market in an amount that is representative for 
a single transaction in that market at that time; and 
(2) 
the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of 
such quotations; and 
(3) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the Relevant Currency, selected by the 
Calculation Agent, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in 
the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on 
the first day of the relevant Interest Period for loans in the 
Specified Currency to leading European banks for a period 
equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in that market at that 
time, 
and the Interest Rate for such Interest Period shall be 
(a) 
if “Multiplier” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as not 
being applicable, the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the 
case may be) the arithmetic mean determined in accordance 
with the above provisions (the “Determined Rate”); 
(b) 
if “Multiplier” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable (i) the sum of the Margin and the relevant 
Determined Rate multiplied by (ii) the Multiplier; 
(c) 
if “Reference Rate Multiplier” is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable, the sum of (i) Margin, and (ii) 
the relevant Determined Rate multiplied by the Reference Rate 
Multiplier, 
provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable to 
determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in 
accordance with the above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, 
the Interest Rate applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will 
be calculated in accordance with the foregoing, save that the 
Determined Rate shall be the arithmetic mean last determined in 
relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period.  
(ii) 
ISDA Determination: If, in respect of any Notes other than the Senior Non 
Preferred Notes, ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Interest Rate(s) is/are to be determined, the Interest 
Rate applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be: 
(a) 
if “Multiplier” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as not being 
applicable, the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate;

--- Page 73 ---
65 
 
 
(b) 
if “Multiplier” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable (i) the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate 
multiplied by (ii) the Multiplier; 
(c) 
if “Reference Rate Multiplier” is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, the sum of (i) Margin, and (ii) the relevant ISDA 
Rate multiplied by the Reference Rate Multiplier, 
where “ISDA Rate” in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the 
Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be determined by 
the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation 
Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction 
under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under 
which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a 
period specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is either 
(1) if the relevant Floating Rate Option is based on the London inter-
bank offered rate (LIBOR) for a currency, the first day of that Interest 
Period or (2) in any other case, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(g) 
Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates, Instalment Amounts and Redemption 
Amounts 
If any Maximum or Minimum Interest Rate, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then any Interest Rate, Instalment Amount or 
Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be, 
provided however that provisions relating to the Maximum or Minimum Interest Rate 
shall not apply to the Senior Non Preferred Notes and shall not be specified at any time 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
(h) 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless 
otherwise specified), (i) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves 
being rounded up), (ii) all figures will be rounded to seven significant figures (with 
halves being rounded up) and (iii) all currency amounts which fall due and payable will 
be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being rounded up), save in 
the case of Yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest Yen. For these purposes 
“unit” means, with respect to any currency other than Euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency which is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with 
respect to Euro, means one cent. Percentages and amounts reflecting changes over time 
periods relating to financial data are calculated using the tabular presentation of financial 
data (subject to rounding) contained in this Base Prospectus, as applicable. 
(i) 
Calculations in respect of the Senior Notes 
This Condition 3(i) applies to the Senior Notes only. 
The Interest Amount payable in respect of an Interest Period shall calculated using one 
of the following methods: 
(i) 
if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable but subject to sub-paragraph (ii) below, the Interest Amount

--- Page 74 ---
66 
 
 
payable for any Interest Period shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent by applying the Interest Rate to the Calculation Amount and by 
multiplying the product so obtained by the Day Count Fraction (adjusted or 
unadjusted in accordance with the Business Day Convention, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms); or 
(ii) 
notwithstanding sub-paragraph (i) above, if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and a Fixed Coupon 
Amount and/or Broken Amount is specified in the Final Terms to be payable on 
an Interest Payment Date, the Interest Amount payable for the relevant Interest 
Period shall be the Fixed Coupon Amount and/or Broken Amount so specified; 
or  
(iii) 
if the Reset Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable with respect to Senior Preferred Notes only, the Interest Amount 
payable for any Interest Period shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the provisions of Condition 3(e) (Interest Rate on 
Reset Notes) (i) (Rates of Interest and Interest Payment Dates) (adjusted or 
unadjusted in accordance with the Business Day Convention, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms); or 
(iv) 
if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, the Interest Amount payable for any Interest Period shall be an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent by applying the Interest Rate to the 
Calculation Amount and by multiplying the product so obtained by the Day 
Count Fraction (adjusted or unadjusted in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention, as specified in the relevant Final Terms). 
Each Interest Amount (other than the Fixed Coupon Amount and the Broken Amount) 
shall be rounded in accordance with Condition 3(h) (Rounding). 
(j) 
Calculations in respect of the Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 3(j) applies to the Subordinated Notes only. 
The amount of interest payable in respect of any Subordinated Note for any period shall 
be calculated by multiplying the product of the Interest Rate and the outstanding 
Calculation Amount by the Day Count Fraction, save that where an Interest Amount (or 
a formula for its calculation) is specified in respect of such period, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of such Subordinated Note for such period will equal such Interest 
Amount (or be calculated in accordance with a formula). Where the Specified 
Denomination of a Floating Rate Note comprises more than one Calculation Amount, 
the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Subordinated Note shall be the aggregate 
of the amounts (determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount 
comprising the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. In respect of any 
short or long Interest Period as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation 
Agent will determine the Interest Rate using Linear Interpolation. 
(k) 
Determination and Publication of Interest Rates, Interest Amounts, Redemption 
Amounts and Instalment Amounts 
After the Relevant Time on each Interest Determination Date or such other time on such 
date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any Redemption Amount or 
Instalment Amount, obtain any quote or make any determination or calculation, it will, 
promptly, determine the Interest Rate and calculate the Interest Amount on the principal 
amount of the Notes for the relevant Interest Period, calculate the Redemption Amount 
or Instalment Amount, obtain such quote or make such determination or calculation, as 
the case may be, and cause the Interest Rate and the Interest Amounts for each Interest 
Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the 
Redemption Amount or any Instalment Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the

--- Page 75 ---
67 
 
 
Issuer, the Paying Agent, the holders of the Notes, any other Calculation Agent 
appointed in respect of the Notes which is to make a further calculation upon receipt of 
such information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such 
exchange so requires, such exchange promptly after their determination but in no event 
later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to 
such time, in the case of an Interest Rate and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, 
the fourth Business Day after such determination. The Interest Amounts and the Interest 
Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 
8 (Events of Default), the accrued interest and the Interest Rate payable in respect of the 
Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this 
Condition 3(k) but no publication of the Interest Rate or the Interest Amount so 
calculated need be made. The determination of each Interest Rate, Interest Amount, 
Redemption Amount and Instalment Amount, the obtaining of each quote and the 
making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent shall (in the 
absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(l) 
Calculation Agent and Reference Banks 
The Issuer will use its best endeavours to ensure that there shall at all times be four 
Reference Banks (or such other number as may be required) with offices in the Relevant 
Financial Centre and one or more Calculation Agents if provision is made for them in 
the Conditions applicable to the Notes and for so long as any Notes are outstanding. If 
any Reference Bank (acting through its relevant office) is unable or unwilling to 
continue to act as a Reference Bank, then the Issuer will appoint another Reference Bank 
with an office in the Relevant Financial Centre to act as such in its place. Where more 
than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these 
Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent 
performing its duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or 
unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Interest 
Rate for any Interest Period or to calculate the Interest Amounts or any other 
requirements, the Issuer will appoint the London office of a leading bank engaged in the 
London interbank market to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not 
resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
(m) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the Zero Coupon Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable and the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note is 
improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount 
equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and 
including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the 
day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by 
or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after 
the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in 
respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is 
any subsequent default in payment). 
The calculation of the above amount shall be made (where such calculation is to be made 
for a period which is not a whole number of years) on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms for the purposes of this 
Condition 3(m) or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360.

--- Page 76 ---
68 
 
 
(n) 
Interest Rate Switch 
If so specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, from and including the 
Interest Rate Switch Date, the Interest Rate applicable for the calculation of the Interest 
Amounts due for each remaining Interest Period with respect to the Notes shall be the 
rate specified as applying from and including such Interest Rate Switch Date in the Final 
Terms and the initial Interest Rate applicable to the Notes shall no longer apply. 
(o) 
Benchmark replacement 
Notwithstanding the provisions in Conditions 3(e) (Interest Rate on Reset Notes) (ii) 
(Fallbacks) and 3(f) (Interest Rate on Floating Rate Notes), if the Issuer (in consultation 
with the Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s)) 
determines that a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the relevant Mid-Swap Rate or 
Reference Rate (as applicable) specified in the applicable Final Terms when any Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) remains to be determined by such 
Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate, then the following provisions shall apply: 
(1) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, an Independent Adviser (as defined below) to determine (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) a Successor Rate (as 
defined below) or, alternatively, if there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative 
Benchmark Rate no later than 3 Business Days prior to the Reset Determination 
Date or Interest Determination Date (as applicable) relating to the next 
succeeding Reset Period or Interest Period (as applicable) (the “IA 
Determination Cut-off Date”) for purposes of determining the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest Periods (as 
applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 3(o)); 
 
(2) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent 
Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative 
Benchmark Rate prior to the IA Determination Cut-off Date, then the Issuer 
(acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner) may determine a 
Successor Rate or, if there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative Benchmark Rate, 
in accordance with the provisions set out under sub-paragraph (3) below; 
 
(3) 
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Benchmark Rate is 
determined in accordance with the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or, 
failing which, Alternative Benchmark Rate shall be the Reference Rate or Mid-
Swap Rate (as applicable) in relation to the Notes for all future Reset Periods or 
Interest Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this 
Condition 3(o)); provided, however, that if sub-paragraph (2) applies and the 
Issuer is unable to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate 
prior to the Reset Determination Date or Interest Determination Date (as 
applicable) relating to the next succeeding Reset Period or Interest Period (as 
applicable), the Rate of Interest applicable to such next succeeding Reset Period 
or Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation 
to the Notes in respect of a preceding Reset Period or Interest Period as 
applicable (which may be the Initial Rate of Interest) (though substituting, where 
a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Reset Period or Interest Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Reset Period or Interest Period, the 
Margin relating to the relevant Reset Period or Interest Period, in place of the 
Margin relating to that last preceding Reset Period or Interest Period); for the 
avoidance of doubt, the provison in this sub-paragraph (3) shall apply to the 
relevant Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) only and any subsequent 
Interest Periods or Reset Periods (as applicable) are subject to the subsequent 
operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 3(o);

--- Page 77 ---
69 
 
 
(4) 
if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer determines a Successor Rate or, failing 
which, an Alternative Benchmark Rate in accordance with the above provisions, 
the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as the case may be) may also, following 
consultation with the Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and the 
Interest Amount(s)), specify changes to the Day Count Fraction, Relevant Screen 
Page, Business Day Convention, Business Days, Reset Determination Date, 
Interest Determination Date and/or the definition of Mid-Swap Rate or 
Reference Rate applicable to the Notes, and the method for determining the 
fallback rate in relation to the Notes, in order to follow market practice in 
relation to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate, which changes 
shall apply to the Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest Periods (as 
applicable) also in compliance with the Issuer’s written plans provided for under 
article 28(2) of the Benchmarks Regulation (subject to the subsequent operation 
of this Condition 3(o)). If the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the 
Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable), determines that an Adjustment Spread is 
required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate 
(as applicable) and determines the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable). 
If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) is unable to determine 
the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment 
Spread, then such Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) 
will apply without an Adjustment Spread. For the avoidance of doubt, the 
relevant Paying Agent shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer, effect 
such consequential amendments to the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement and 
these Conditions as may be required in order to give effect to this Condition 3(o). 
No Noteholder consent shall be required in connection with effecting the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) or such other 
changes, including for the execution of any documents or other steps by the 
relevant Paying Agent (if required));  
 
(5) 
the Issuer shall promptly following the determination of any Successor Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate give notice thereof and of any changes pursuant to 
subparagraph (4) above to the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders; and 
 
(6) 
if the provisions relating to the occurrence of, with respect to the Senior Notes, a 
Regulatory Event, or, with respect to the Subordinated Notes only, a 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event, in case of a Alternative Benchmark Rate is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the provisions above would 
cause the occurrence of, respectively, a Regulatory Event or a MREL/TLAC 
Disqualification Event, therefore no Alternative Benchmark Rate will be 
adopted, and the Relevant Screen Page on which appears the Reference Rate or 
the relevant Interest Period will be equal to the last Reference Rate available at 
the immediately preceding Interest Period on the Relevant Screen Page as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(o): 
“Adjustment Spread” means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, which the Independent Adviser (in consultation 
with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable), determines is required to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) in order to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate or Mid-
Swap Rate (as applicable) with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as 
applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology which:

--- Page 78 ---
70 
 
 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) with the 
Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been 
made or in the case of an Alternative Benchmark Rate, the Independent Adviser 
(in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is 
recognised or acknowledged as being in customary market usage in international 
debt capital markets transactions which reference the Reference Rate or Mid-
Swap Floating Rate (as applicable), where such rate has been replaced by the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable); or 
 
(iii) 
if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the 
Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer), determines (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate. 
 
“Alternative Benchmark Rate” means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the 
Issuer (as applicable) determines has replaced the relevant Reference Rate or Mid-Swap 
Rate (as applicable) in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets 
for the purposes of determining rates of interest in respect of eurobonds denominated in 
the Specified Currency and of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest Period or 
Reset Period (as applicable), or, if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser or the 
Issuer (as applicable) determines in its discretion (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) is most comparable to the relevant Reference Rate or 
Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable). 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 
Business Days or ceasing to exist or being subject to a material change; 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will 
cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will 
continue publication of the Original Reference Rate), provided that a Benchmark 
Event will occur on the date which is the later of (a) the date of the public 
statement referenced herein and (b) the date on which the administrator ceases 
publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely; or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued, provided that a Benchmark Event will occur on the date 
which is the later of (a) the date of the public statement referenced herein and (b) 
the date on which the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate is no longer representative of its relevant 
underlying market; or 
(v) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, which

--- Page 79 ---
71 
 
 
states that the administrator of the Original Reference Rate has ceased or will, 
within a specified period of time, cease to provide the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of cessation, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Original Reference Rate 
and further provided that a Benchmark Event will occur on the date which is the 
later of (a) the date of the public statement referenced herein and (b) the date on 
which the administrator ceases to provide the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely; 
(vi) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited 
from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences either generally, or in respect of the Notes, provided that a 
Benchmark Event will occur on the date which is the later of (a) the date of the 
public statement referenced herein and (b) the date on which the Original 
Reference Rate is prohibited from being used or its use is subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences either generally, or in respect of the Notes; or 
(vii) it has become unlawful (including, without limitation, under the Benchmark 
Regulations, as amended from time to time, if applicable) for any Paying Agent, 
Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments due to be made to any 
Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or other independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital 
markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense. 
“Original Reference Rate” means: 
(i) 
the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
any Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate which has been determined 
in relation to such benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant to the 
operation of this Condition 3(o) (Benchmark Replacement). 
 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a reference rate or mid-swap floating 
leg benchmark rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the reference rate or mid swap floating 
leg benchmark rate relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority 
which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the reference rate or 
mid swap floating leg benchmark rate; or 
 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
reference rate or mid swap floating leg benchmark rate relates, (b) any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the reference rate or mid-swap floating leg benchmark rate, (c) a 
group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, or (d) 
the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and

--- Page 80 ---
72 
 
 
“Successor Rate” means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines is a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate or Mid-
Swap Rate (as applicable) which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating 
Body. 
4. 
REDEMPTION, PURCHASE AND OPTIONS 
(a) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context requires otherwise: 
The expressions “Early Redemption Amount”; “Final Redemption Amount”, 
“Instalment Amount”, “Optional Redemption Amount (Call)”, and “Optional 
Redemption Amount (Put)” mean, in respect of any Note: (A) such amount as may be 
specified in, or determined in accordance with the relevant Final Terms; or (B) if no 
such amount is specified, the principal amount of such Note. 
“Applicable Banking Regulations” means at any time the laws, regulations, 
requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect in the 
Republic of Italy, including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, the 
BRRD, the BRRD Implementing Regulations, the CRD IV, the Prudential Regulations 
for Banks of the Bank of Italy, the Banking Reform Package, the SRM Regulation and 
those regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy 
then in effect of the Relevant Authority or of the institutions of the European Union 
and/or the Republic of Italy (as defined below) whether or not such requirements, 
guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied 
generally or specifically to the Issuer or the Group; 
“Banking Reform Package” means (i) Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 
575/2013 as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for 
own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposure to 
central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, 
reporting and disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012, (ii) 
Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalization capacity of credit institutions and investment firms, (iii) Directive (EU) 
2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
Directive 2013/36/EU as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed 
financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and 
capital conservation measures, and (iv) Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as 
regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalization capacity of credit institutions and 
investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC; 
“CRA Regulation” means Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended and 
supplemented.  
“CRA Regulation” means Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended and 
supplemented.  
“CRD IV” means the CRD IV Directive, the CRR and any CRD IV Implementing 
Measure; 
“CRD IV Directive” means the directive 2013/36 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the 
prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms, amending Directive 
2002/87/EC and repealing Directives 2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC as amended, 
supplemented or replaced from time to time, including any successor regulations

--- Page 81 ---
73 
 
 
(including, without limitation, as a consequence of the entry into force of the Banking 
Reform Package); 
“CRD IV Implementing Measure” means any regulatory capital rules implementing 
the CRD IV Directive or the CRR which may from time to time be introduced, 
including, but not limited to, delegated or implementing acts (regulatory technical 
standards) adopted by the European Commission, national laws and regulations, and 
regulations and guidelines issued by the Bank of Italy, the European Banking Authority 
or any other relevant authority, which are applicable to the Issuer (on a standalone 
basis) or the Issuer together with its consolidated subsidiaries (on a consolidated basis) 
and which prescribe the requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for 
inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer (on a standalone or consolidated basis); 
“CRR” means the Regulation No. 575/2013, as amended, of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions 
and investment firms amending Regulation No. 648/2012, supplemented or replaced 
from time to time, including any successor regulations (including, without limitation, as 
a consequence of the entry into force of the Banking Reform Package); 
“Extraordinary Resolution” has the meaning given to that term in the Issue and 
Paying Agency Agreement. 
“Italian Bail-in Power” means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, or 
suspension power existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, 
any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in the Republic of Italy, relating to 
(i) the transposition of the BRRD (in including, but not limited to, Legislative Decrees 
No. 180/2015 and 181/2015) as amended from time to time, (ii) Regulation (EU) 
No.806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014, 
establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit 
institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism and the Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No. 
1093/2010, as amended or superseded from time to time (the “SRM Regulation”) and 
(iii) the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any 
obligation of a regulated entity (as defined below) (or other affiliate of such regulated 
entity) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other securities, or 
other obligations of such regulated entity or any other person (or suspended for a 
temporary period); 
“Luxembourg Bail-in Power” means any write-down, conversion, transfer, 
modification, or suspension power existing from time to time under, and exercised in 
compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in Luxembourg, 
(i) relating to the transposition of the BRRD (including, but not limited to, the 
Luxembourg law of 18 December 2015 relative aux mesures de résolution, 
d'assainissement et de liquidation des établissements de crédit et de certaines 
enterprises d'investissement ainsi qu'aux systèmes de garantie des dépôts et 
d'indemnisation des investisseurs, as amended from time to time (the “Luxembourg 
BRRD Law”), (ii) relating to the SRM Regulation or (iii) otherwise arising under 
Luxembourg law and (iv) in each case, the instruments, rules and standards created 
thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of a regulated entity or other affiliate of 
such regulated entity) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, 
other securities, or other obligations of such regulated entity or any other person (or 
suspended for a temporary period) and any right in a contract governing an obligation of 
a regulated entity may be deemed to have been exercised. For this purpose, a reference 
to a "regulated entity" is to any institution or entity (which includes certain credit 
institutions, investment firms, and certain of their group companies) referred to in points 
(1), (2), (3) or (4) of Article 2(1) of the Luxembourg BRRD Law, and with respect to 
the SRM Regulation to any entity referred to in Article 2 of the SRM Regulation; and 
“Maturity Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 82 ---
74 
 
 
“Maturity Period” means the period from and including the Issue Date to but 
excluding the Maturity Date.  
“Prudential Regulations for Banks” means the Bank of Italy’s Disposizioni di 
Vigilanza per le Banche, as set out in Bank of Italy Circular No. 285 of 17 December 
2013, as amended and supplemented from time to time, including any successor 
regulations. 
 “Redemption Amount” means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the 
Instalment Amount, the Early Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount 
(Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the Early Redemption Amount or such 
other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, provided that such amount is in any case at least equal to the principal 
amount of the relevant Note. 
“Regulatory Capital Requirements” means any applicable minimum capital or capital 
requirement specified for banks or financial group by the Relevant Authority. 
“Relevant Authority” means the Bank of Italy or such other governamental authority 
in the Republic of Italy (or other country where the Issuer is then domiciliated) or in the 
European Union having primary responsibility for prudential and resolution oversight 
and supervision of the Issuer and/or the Group from time to time and/or, as the context 
may require, the “resolution authority” or the “competent authority” as defined under 
BRRD and/or SRM Regulation. 
(b) 
Maturities/Final Redemption 
(i) 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below in 
accordance with Conditions 4(c) (Redemption for taxation reasons), 4(d) 
(Purchases), 4(f) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), 4(g) (Redemption for 
regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)), Condition 4(h) (Redemption at the 
option of holders of Notes) or Condition 4(i) (Redemption by instalments), each 
Note will be redeemed at its Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date. 
(ii) 
Senior Non Preferred Notes shall have a minimum Maturity Period of twelve 
months, as provided under Articles 12-bis and 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of 
the Italian Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may be 
enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority. 
(iii) 
Subordinated Notes shall have a minimum Maturity Period of five years, as 
provided under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
(c) 
Redemption for taxation reasons 
Subject to Condition 4(l) (Special provision in relation to redemption, purchase or 
modification of the Notes), if Redemption for taxation reasons is specified in the Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in 
whole, but not in part, on any Interest Payment Date or, if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, at any time, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the 
holders of Notes (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount 
(together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption), if (i) the Issuer (or the 
Guarantor, as the case may be) (A) has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts 
as provided or referred to in Condition 6 (Taxation) or (B) has or will become subject to 
additional amount of national income taxes (and/or, in the case of Mediobanca, regional 
tax on productive activities – IRAP) due to partial or entire limitation to the deductibility 
of any payments under the Notes, in either case as a result of (1) any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of Luxembourg or any political subdivision 
thereof or any agency or authority thereof or therein having power to tax (in the case of 
payments made by or on behalf of Mediobanca International) or the Republic of Italy or 
any political subdivision thereof or any agency or authority thereof or therein having

--- Page 83 ---
75 
 
 
power to tax (in the case of payments made by or on behalf of Mediobanca), or (2) any 
change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, or (3) any 
judicial decision, official administrative pronouncement, published or private ruling, 
regulatory procedure, notice or announcement (including any notice or announcement of 
intent to adopt such procedures or regulations) (for purposes of this definition, an 
“Administrative Action”), or (4) any clarification of, or change in the official position 
or the interpretation of such Administrative Action or any interpretation or 
pronouncement that provides for a position with respect to such Administrative Action 
that differs from the generally accepted position, in each case by any legislative body, 
court, governmental, administrative or regulatory authority or body, irrespective of the 
manner in which such clarification or change is made known, which change, 
amendment, Administrative Action or clarification becomes effective on or after the 
Issue Date, and (ii) such obligations/limitations under (A) and (B) above cannot be 
avoided by the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) taking reasonable measures 
available to it which (x) do not require the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) 
to incur material out-of-pocket expenses and (y) would not otherwise be 
disadvantageous to the Issuer or the Guarantor, as determined in their discretion; 
provided that in the case under (A) above no such notice of redemption shall be given 
earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the 
case may be) would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in 
respect of the Notes (or the Guarantee, as the case may be) then be due. Prior to the 
publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 4(c), the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by a director of the Issuer (or the 
Guarantor, as the case may be) stating that such Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may 
be) is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing 
that the conditions precedent to the right of such Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case 
may be) so to redeem have occurred, and an opinion of independent legal advisers of 
recognised standing to the effect that there is more than an unsubstantial risk that the 
Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) (A) has or will become obliged to pay such 
additional amounts or (B) has or will become subject to additional amount of taxes, as 
indicated above, due to limitation of the deductibility of payments under the Notes as a 
result of such change, amendment, Administrative Action or clarification (the “Tax 
Event”). 
(d) 
Purchases 
Subject to Condition 4(l) (Special provision in relation to redemption, purchase or 
modification of the Notes), the Issuer, the Guarantor and any of the Guarantor’s 
subsidiaries may purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise at any price provided 
that all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons appertaining thereto 
are attached or surrendered therewith. Without prejudice to the foregoing, if so specified 
in the relevant Final Terms the Issuer will be entitled to exercise the option to repurchase 
from the holder(s), at its sole discretion, (1) all (but not part of) the Notes of the relevant 
Series (the “Total Repurchase Option”) or (2) on one or more occasions, any portion of 
the Notes of the relevant Series, provided that in such circumstances the amount of the 
Notes of the relevant Series to be purchased from each holder shall be the same 
proportion that the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of the relevant Series that are 
subject to the relevant Partial Purchase Option bears to the aggregate principal amount of 
all the Notes of the relevant Series then outstanding prior to the exercise of the relevant 
Partial Purchase Option (the “Partial Repurchase Option”). The Total Repurchase 
Option and the Partial Repurchase Option can only be exercised by the Issuer at the 
date(s) and the price(s) specified in the Final Terms as the Total Repurchase Option date 
or the Partial Repurchase Option date(s) and the Total Repurchase Option amount or 
Partial Repurchase Option amount(s), respectively. Upon exercise of the Total 
Repurchase Option or the Partial Repurchase Option, the holder(s) shall be obliged to 
sell to the Issuer (or any other entity indicated by the Issuer) all the Notes of the Series in 
relation to which the Total Repurchase Option or the Partial Repurchase Option (as the 
case may be) is exercised.

--- Page 84 ---
76 
 
 
(e) 
Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes, Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes for 
taxation reasons, Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes at the Option of the holder, 
Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes at the option of holders of Notes 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Redemption Amount payable 
on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity Date shall be an 
amount equal to the sum of: 
(A) 
the Reference Price; and 
(B) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Note 
becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, 
the calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis 
of such Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms for the 
purposes of this Condition 4(e) or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 
30E/360. 
(f) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
Subject to Condition 4(l) (Special provision in relation to redemption, purchase or 
modification of the Notes), if the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, then the following provisions will apply: 
(1) 
If European Style is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, 
then the Issuer may, on giving irrevocable prior notice to the holders of Notes, – 
which notice must be received by the holders of Notes no later than the last day 
of the notice period specified in the relevant Final Terms – redeem all or, if 
“Partial Redemption” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
some of the Notes. Any such redemption of Notes shall occur on the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date at their Optional Redemption Amount (Call), 
together with accrued interest (if any) up to such date, unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(2) 
If American Style is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, 
then the Issuer may, at any time during any exercise period specified in the Final 
Terms (the “Exercise Period”), elects to redeem all or, if “Partial Redemption” 
is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, some of the Notes, by 
sending a notice to the holders of Notes which notice must be received by such 
holders no later than the end of the relevant Exercise Period. Any such 
redemption of Notes shall occur on the relevant Optional Redemption Date at 
their Optional Redemption Amount (Call) together with accrued interest (if any) 
up to such date, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
In the case of a Partial Redemption, the notice to holders of Notes shall also contain the 
serial numbers of the Notes to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place 
as the Fiscal Agent may approve and in such manner as it deems appropriate, subject to 
compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange requirements. 
(g) 
Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call) 
Subject to Condition 4(l) (Special provision in relation to redemption, purchase or 
modification of the Notes), if Regulatory Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer, in whole but not in part, at any 
time (if the Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if the 
Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice 
(which notice shall be irrevocable) to the Paying Agent and, in accordance with

--- Page 85 ---
77 
 
 
Condition 12 (Notices), to the holders of the Notes: (i) upon the occurrence of a 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event with respect to the relevant Series of Senior 
Preferred Notes and/or Senior Non Preferred Notes (as the case may be), and (ii) to the 
holders of the Subordinated Notes, if the Subordinated Notes cease to qualify (in whole 
or in part) as “Tier II Capital”, on a consolidated or non consolidated basis, as a result of 
changes after the date of issue of the relevant Subordinated Notes in the standards and 
guidelines of the Bank of Italy or in the applicable legal or regulatory provisions 
(including legal or regulatory provisions adopted by the European Union) (the 
“Regulatory Event”). 
“BRRD” means the directive 2014/59/EU, as amended, providing for the establishment 
of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time (including, 
without limitation, as a consequence of the entry into force of the Banking Reform 
Package). 
“BRRD Implementing Decrees” means the Legislative Decrees No. 180 and 181 of 16 
November 2015, implementing the BRRD in the Republic of Italy, as amended or 
replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, as a consequence of the 
transposition of the Banking Reform Package into Italian law). 
“MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event” means the determination by the Issuer, that as 
a result of a change in Italian and/or EU laws or regulations becoming effective on or 
after the Issue Date of a Series of Senior Preferred Notes and/or of Senior Non Preferred 
Notes, which change was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer as at the Issue Date of 
the Series, it is likely that all or part of the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of 
such Series of Senior Preferred Notes and/or of Senior Non Preferred Notes will be 
excluded from the eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL/TLAC Requirements 
(however called or defined by then applicable regulations) if the Issuer is then subject to 
such requirements, provided that a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event shall not occur 
where such Series of Senior Preferred Notes and/or of Senior Non Preferred Notes is 
excluded on the basis (1) that the remaining maturity of such Senior Preferred Notes 
and/or Senior Non Preferred Notes is less than any period prescribed by any applicable 
eligibility criteria under the MREL/TLAC Requirements, or (2) of any applicable limits 
on the amount of eligible liabilities permitted or allowed to meet the MREL/TLAC 
Requirements.  
“MREL/TLAC Requirements” means the minimum requirement for own funds and 
eligible liabilities and/or total loss-absorbing capacity requirements applicable to the 
Issuer and/or the Group referred to in the BRRD, any other EU law or regulation and 
relevant implementing legislation and regulation in Italy. 
 
“Tier II Capital” has the meaning given to it from time to time in the Applicable 
Banking Regulation. 
(h) 
Redemption at the option of holders of Notes 
This Condition 4(h) applies only to the Senior Notes. 
If the Put Option is specified as being applicable to the Senior Notes in the relevant Final 
Terms, then the following provisions will apply: 
(1) 
If European Style is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, 
the Issuer shall, at the option of the holders of the Senior Notes, redeem all or, if 
“Partial Redemption” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
some of the Senior Notes on the relevant Optional Redemption Date at its 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with accrued interest (if any) up to 
such date, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. To exercise

--- Page 86 ---
78 
 
 
such option, the holders must deposit such Senior Notes with any Paying Agent 
at its specified office, together with a duly completed option exercise notice (the 
“Exercise Notice”) in the form of obtainable from any Paying Agent; the 
Exercise Notice must be deposited with such Paying Agent no later than the last 
day of the notice period specified in the relevant Final Terms. No Senior Note 
so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided in the 
Issue and Paying Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(2) 
If American Style is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, 
the Issuer shall, at the option of the holders of any the Senior Notes, redeem all 
or, if “Partial Redemption” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, some of the Senior Notes on the relevant Optional Redemption Date at 
its Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with accrued interest (if any) up 
to such date, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. To exercise 
such option which may be exercised at any time during any exercise period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Exercise Period”), the holder must 
deposit such Senior Notes with any Paying Agent at its specified office, together 
with a duly completed option exercise notice (the “Exercise Notice”) in the 
form obtainable from any Paying Agent; the Exercise Notice must be deposited 
with such Paying Agent no later than the end of the relevant Exercise Period. No 
Note so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided 
in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of the 
Issuer.  
In the case of a Partial Redemption, the notice to holders of Senior Notes shall also 
contain the serial numbers of the Senior Notes to be redeemed, which shall have been 
drawn in such place as the Fiscal Agent may approve and in such manner as it deems 
appropriate, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange 
requirements. 
(i) 
Redemption by instalments 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled in accordance with Condition 4(f) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) or Condition 4(h) (Redemption at the option of 
holders of Notes), each Note which provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment 
Amounts will be partially redeemed on each Instalment Date at the Instalment Amount 
specified on it, whereupon the outstanding principal amount of such Note shall be 
reduced by the Instalment Amount for all purposes. 
(j) 
Cancellation 
Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the Guarantor’s 
subsidiaries (where applicable) may be surrendered for cancellation, by surrendering 
each such Note together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and all unexchanged 
Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, if so surrendered, will, together with all Notes redeemed 
by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons 
and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so 
surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the 
Issuer and the Guarantor (where applicable) in respect of any such Notes shall be 
discharged. 
(k) 
Specific Buy Back Provisions 
This Condition 4(k) applies only to the Senior Preferred Notes. 
If Specific Buy Back Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, upon the holder of any Senior Preferred Note giving to the Issuer not less than 5 
Business Days’ notice in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) (which notice shall be 
irrevocable) to early redeem the Senior Preferred Note before its scheduled maturity, the 
Issuer may, at its sole option, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem in whole or in part

--- Page 87 ---
79 
 
 
such Senior Preferred Note paying an amount that can be less than par and that is linked 
to the Market Value of the Underlying Transactions at that moment, together, if 
appropriate, with any accrued but unpaid interest. As specified above, the Issuer has the 
right, in its sole option, to reject the early redemption request and, in particular, if the 
Issuer never replies to the notice, the Issuer is deemed to have rejected the early 
redemption request. 
If Specific Buy Back Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, prior to the Maturity Date the value of the Senior Preferred Notes shall reflect 
and shall be calculated on the basis of the Market Value of the Underlying Transactions. 
The Calculation Agent may, from time to time, calculate the price of the Senior 
Preferred Notes on the basis of the Market Value of the Underlying Transactions and, 
without prejudice to the Issuer’s obligation to pay the Interest Amounts and the 
Redemption Amounts on the Senior Preferred Notes, in the event that a holder requests 
the Issuer to repurchase the Senior Preferred Notes held by it prior to their maturity, and 
the Issuer accepts such repurchase, the price of the Senior Preferred Notes (the “Buy 
Back Price”) will be a price that perfectly reflects the Market Value of such Underlying 
Transactions. The Specific Buy Back Provisions may apply only to Senior Preferred 
Notes issued by Mediobanca and/or Mediobanca International and where Mediobanca 
and/or Mediobanca International are specified as Dealers and where the principal 
amount in respect of such Senior Preferred Note is equal to, at least, EUR 100,000 (or its 
equivalent amount in the Specified Currency). 
In addition, if Specific Buy Back Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Issuer shall pay an additional remuneration (the “Extra-Yield”) on the 
Senior Preferred Notes. More information on the composition of the remuneration 
(unbundling) shall be published by each of the Issuer from time to time together with the 
composition of the Underlying Transactions as described below. 
For the purpose of this Condition 4(k): 
“Buy-Back Price” means the repurchase price of the Senior Preferred Notes to be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the basis of the Market Value of the Underlying 
Transactions. 
“Market Value” means the close-out amount of the Underlying Transactions, including 
the relevant bid/ask prices for all the Senior Preferred Notes and for any possible funding 
arrangement and/or coupon swap, as determined by the Calculation Agent in a fair and 
commercially reasonable manner. 
“Underlying Transactions” means any possible funding arrangement and/or coupon 
swap and/or any of the following funded or unfunded arbitrage-like financial 
transactions: 
(i) 
Cash-CDS Arbitrage; 
(ii) 
Index-Components Arbitrage; and/or 
(iii) 
General Funded Arbitrage, 
where: 
“Cash-CDS Arbitrage” means: 
Long (Short): Cash Instrument + Short (Long): Replicating CDS 
where: 
“Cash Instrument” means any debt obligation (including any obligation issued by the 
Issuer) or basket of debt obligations, under security or loan format, with maturities and

--- Page 88 ---
80 
 
 
notionals that can be longer and/or higher, respectively, than the Maturity Date and 
aggregate principal amount of the relevant Senior Preferred Notes; 
“Replicating CDS” means a credit default swap transaction having similar maturity and 
principal amount as the Cash Instrument, and having as a reference entity the Cash 
Instruments issuer or the Cash Instrument guarantor (including the Issuer or the 
Guarantor or the Issuer’s parent or the Issuer’s affiliate), or, in the case of Cash 
Instrument that are asset-backed obligations or credit linked obligations, any credit entity 
or any credit risk embedded in such Cash Instrument. 
“Index-Components Arbitrage” means: 
Long (Short): Credit Index + Short (Long): CDS Components 
where: 
“Credit Index” means any of the Markit credit default swaps indices, with maturities 
and notionals that can be longer and/or higher, respectively, than the Maturity Date and 
aggregate principal amount of the relevant Senior Preferred Notes, and any successor 
and/or replacement index thereof, including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Markit 
iTraxx® and Markit CDX™ indices, as selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion. Credit Index may also be a portfolio of credit default swap tranches 
summing up to a full capital structure, i.e. summing up to any such Markit credit default 
swap index. 
“CDS Components” means a basket of single-name credit default swap transactions 
having similar notional, maturity, coupons and reference entity as the components of the 
Credit Index. CDS Components may also be a portfolio of credit default swap tranches 
having similar maturity, aggregate notional, aggregate coupons and aggregate reference 
entities as the components of the Credit Index. 
“General Funded Arbitrage” means: 
Long (Short): Asset Instruments + Short (Long): Replicating Derivatives 
where: 
“Asset Instruments” means any asset title instrument (including funds or obligations, 
also asset-backed) linked to credit, rates, equities, commodities or currencies, with 
maturities and notionals that can be longer and/or higher, respectively, than the Maturity 
Date and aggregate principal amount of the relevant Senior Preferred Notes.  
“Replicating Derivatives” means any hedging derivative contract with similar maturity 
and notional as the Asset Instruments, and having as underlying the Asset Instrument 
itself. or any of its underlying financial instruments. For example: commodity certificate 
+ future (“cash and carry arbitrage”), or convertible bond + CDS + equity option 
(“convertible arbitrage”). 
The Underlying Transactions will be selected from time to time by the Calculation Agent in its 
reasonable discretion and the relevant composition is subject to change during the life of the 
Preferred Notes. The composition of the Underlying Transactions (including any possible 
funding arrangement and/or coupon swap) shall be published from time to time by Mediobanca 
or Mediobanca International on their website www.mediobanca.com or on the website of the 
Euronext Dublin or on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or on any other means of 
publication, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(l) 
Special provision in relation to redemption, purchase or modification of the Notes 
Any redemption of the Notes in accordance with Condition 4(c) (Redemption for 
taxation reason), Condition 4(f) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 4(g)

--- Page 89 ---
81 
 
 
(Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)), any purchase of the Notes in 
accordance with Condition 4(d) (Purchases), or any modification of the Notes in 
accordance with Conditions 9(a) (Meetings of holders of Notes) and 9(c) (Errors or 
inconsistencies), is subject to, if and to extent then required under Articles 12-bis and 91, 
paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian Banking Act and any relevant implementing 
regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority (with 
respect to the Senior Non Preferred Notes only), and/or under the MREL/TLAC 
Requirements (with respect to either the Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Non 
Preferred Notes), or under the Applicable Banking Regulations (with respect to the 
Subordinated Notes only): 
(i) 
the Issuer giving notice to the Relevant Authority and the Relevant Authority 
granting permission to redeem or purchase the relevant Senior Notes; 
(ii) 
with respect to the Subordinated Notes only: 
(A) 
in case of any redemption or purchase, either (A) the Issuer having 
replaced the Subordinated Notes with own funds instruments of equal 
or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of 
the Issuer; or (B) the Issuer having demonstrated to the satisfaction of 
the Relevant Authority that the own funds of the Issuer would, 
following such redemption or purchase, exceed its Regulatory Capital 
Requirements for the time being; 
(B) 
in the case of any such redemption prior to the fifth anniversary of the 
Issue Date, (A) in case of redemption for tax reasons in accordance with 
Condition 4(c) (Redemption for taxation reason), the Issuer has 
demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the 
change in tax treatment is material and was not reasonably foreseeable 
as at the Issue Date, or (B) in the case of redemption upon the 
occurrence of a Regulatory Event in accordance with Condition 4(g) 
(Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)), the Issuer has 
demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the 
relevant change in the regulatory classification of the Notes was not 
reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date and the Relevant Authority 
considers such change to be reasonably certain. 
To redeem any Notes where such consent has not been granted shall not constitute an event of 
default of the Issuer for any purpose. Notwithstanding the above conditions, if, at the time of any 
redemption or purchase, Articles 12-bis and 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian 
Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes 
by any Relevant Authority (with respect to the Senior Non Preferred Notes only), and/or the 
MREL/TLAC Requirements (with respect to the Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Non 
Preferred Notes), or the Applicable Banking Regulations (with respect to the Subrodinated Notes 
only) permit the redemption or purchase only after compliance with one or more alternative or 
additional pre-conditions to those set out above in this Condition 4(l), the Issuer shall comply 
with such other and/or, as appropriate, additional pre-condition(s).  
5. 
PAYMENTS AND TALONS 
(a) 
Payments outside the United States 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Notes will, subject as mentioned below, 
be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Receipts (in the case of 
payments of Instalment Amounts other than on the due date for redemption and 
provided that the Receipts are presented for payment together with their relative Notes), 
Notes (in the case of all other payments of principal and, in the case of interest as 
specified in Condition 5(e)(vi)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in 
Condition 5(e)(ii)), as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States by a cheque payable in the currency in which such payment is

--- Page 90 ---
82 
 
 
due drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, by transfer to an account denominated in 
that currency with, a bank in the principal financial centre of that currency; provided 
that in the case of Euro, the transfer may be to a Euro account. 
(b) 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Notes are denominated in US Dollars, payments in 
respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York 
City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents 
with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such 
Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the 
manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices 
is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on 
payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United 
States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence 
to the Issuer. 
(c) 
Payments subject to law, etc. 
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations 
and directives, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 6 (Taxation). No 
commission or expenses shall be charged to the holders of Notes or Couponholders in 
respect of such payments. 
(d) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the 
Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the 
Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor (where applicable) and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency 
or trust for or with any holder. The Issuer and the Guarantor (where applicable) reserve 
the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other 
Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or the Registrar and to appoint additional or other 
agents provided that the Issuer will at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) a 
Calculation Agent where the Conditions so require one, (iii) Paying Agents having a 
specified office in at least two major European cities (including Ireland so long as the 
Notes are listed on the Official List of the Euronext Dublin), and (iv) such other agents 
as may be required by the rules of any other stock exchange on which the Notes may be 
listed. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York in respect of 
any Notes denominated in US Dollars in the circumstances described in Condition 5(b) 
(Payments in the United States) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office will promptly be given 
to the holders of Notes in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices). 
(e) 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons 
(i) 
Unless the Notes provide that the relative Coupons are to become void upon the 
due date for redemption of those Notes, Notes should be surrendered for 
payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) appertaining thereto, 
failing which an amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured 
Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, that proportion of the 
amount of such missing unmatured Coupon which the sum of principal so paid 
bears to the total principal due) will be deducted from the Redemption Amount 
due for payment. Any amount so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned 
above against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of 10 years 
from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not such 
Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 7 (Prescription)).

--- Page 91 ---
83 
 
 
(ii) 
If the relevant Notes so provide, upon the due date for redemption of any Note, 
unmatured Coupons relating to such Notes (whether or not attached) shall 
become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Note, any unexchanged Talon relating 
to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall 
be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Note which is redeemable in 
instalments, all Receipts relating to such Note having an Instalment Date falling 
on or after such due date (whether or not attached) shall become void and no 
payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(v) 
Where any Note which provides that the relative Coupons are to become void 
upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption 
without all unmatured Coupons and any unexchanged Talon relating to it, and 
where any Note is presented for redemption without any unexchanged Talon 
relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provisions of such 
indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(vi) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of 
interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or 
the Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable 
against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Note. Interest 
accrued on a Note which only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be 
payable on redemption of such Note against presentation of the relevant Note. 
(f) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon 
sheet issued in respect of any Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be 
surrendered to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet 
(and if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons 
which may have become void pursuant to Condition 7 (Prescription)). 
(g) 
Non-Business Days 
If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a 
Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the holder shall not be entitled to 
payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business 
Day in such place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in 
respect of any such delay. 
In this Condition 5(g): 
“Additional Financial Centre” means the city or the cities specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; and 
“Payment Business Day” means: 
(i) 
with respect to the Senior Notes: 
(A) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET 
Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may 
be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(B) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which 
dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre;

--- Page 92 ---
84 
 
 
(ii) 
with respect to the Subordinated Notes: 
(A) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(1) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are 
open for presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and 
for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(2) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET 
Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional 
Financial Centre specified in the Final Terms; or 
(B) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(1) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are 
open for presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and 
for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(2) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on 
which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in 
each (if any) Additional Financial Centre specified in the Final 
Terms. 
6. 
TAXATION 
(a) 
Gross Up 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes, the Receipts and the 
Coupons by the Issuer or (as the case may be) the Guarantor under the Deed of 
Guarantee will be made without withholding or deduction for, or on the account of, any 
present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg or any political 
subdivision thereof or any agency or authority therein or thereof having power to tax (in 
the case of payments made by or on behalf of Mediobanca International) or the Republic 
of Italy or any political subdivision thereof or any agency or authority therein or thereof 
having power to tax (in the case of payments made by or on behalf of Mediobanca), 
unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
changes is required by law. In that event, the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor 
will pay such additional amounts in respect of, with regard to the Senior Notes only, 
principal and interest (if permitted by MREL/TLAC Requirements), and, with regard to 
the Subordinated Notes only, interest only (and not in respect of principal) as may be 
necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes, Receipts or 
Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of 
principal and interest which would have been received in respect of the Notes, Receipts 
or (as the case may be) Coupons, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; 
except that no additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any payment in 
respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon or (as the case may be) under the Deed of 
Guarantee: 
(i) 
(A) to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is subject to such taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note, Receipt or 
Coupon by reason of its having some connection (otherwise than merely by 
holding the Note, Receipt or Coupon) with (in the case of payments of principal 
and interest under the Senior Notes made by or on behalf of Mediobanca 
International) the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (including taxes imposed by the 
Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005) or (in the case of payments of principal 
and interest made by or on behalf of Mediobanca and in respect of payments by 
Mediobanca under the Deed of Guarantee) the Republic of Italy; or (B) with

--- Page 93 ---
85 
 
 
respect to any Note, Receipt or Coupon presented for payment in the Republic 
of Italy or the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg; or (C) for or on account of imposta 
sostitutiva pursuant to Decree No. 239, Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 
November 1997 (“Decree No. 461”) or related implementing regulations; or (D) 
in all circumstances in which the requirements and procedures of Decree No. 
239 and related implementing rules have not been properly and promptly met or 
complied with (except where due to the actions or omissions of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or their agents); or (E) to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder 
who is entitled to avoid such withholding or deduction in respect of such Note, 
Receipt or Coupon by making a declaration or any other statement, including, 
but not limited to, a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for 
exemption to the relevant taxing authority or intermediary/paying agent, but has 
failed to do so properly and promptly; or 
(ii) 
(in the case of payments of principal and interest made by or on behalf of 
Mediobanca and in respect of payments by Mediobanca under the Deed of 
Guarantee) to a holder who is a non-Italian resident or individual or legal entity 
which is resident in any country not allowing for an adequate exchange of 
information with the Italian tax authorities that is not included in the list set by 
Italian Ministerial Decree 4 September 1996, as subsequently amended and 
supplemented from time to time; or 
(iii) 
for any Note, Receipt or Coupon presented for payment more than 30 days after 
the Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been 
entitled to such additional amount on presenting the same for payment on the 
thirtieth such day; or 
(iv) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who would have been able to 
avoid such withholding or deduction by presenting the relevant Note, Receipt or 
Coupon to another paying agent in a Member State of the European Union; or 
(v) 
(in the case of payments of principal and interest made by or on behalf of 
Mediobanca) where withholding or deduction is required by law pursuant to 
Decree No. 600; or 
(vi) 
(with respect to the Senior Notes only) where such withholding or deductions is 
required by an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing 
an intergovernmental approach thereto; or 
(vii) 
with respect to any Notes qualifying as “atypical” securities (titoli “atipici”) for 
Italian tax purposes subject to the regime provided for by Decree No. 512, for 
and on account of any withholding or deduction required by law pursuant to 
such decree; or 
(viii) 
in any case, where in the Final Terms it is expressly specified under the section 
entitled “Taxation” that “Gross Up” will not apply with respect to any Note, 
Receipt or Coupon pursuant to this point (viii) of Condition 6(a) (Taxation – 
Gross Up), 
without prejudice to the option of the Issuer to redeem the Notes pursuant to, and subject 
to the conditions of, Condition 4(c) (Redemption for taxation reasons). 
(b) 
Taxing Jurisdiction 
If the Issuer or the Guarantor (where applicable) becomes subject at any time to any 
taxing jurisdiction other than the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg or the Republic of Italy 
respectively, references in these Conditions to Luxembourg or Italy shall be construed as

--- Page 94 ---
86 
 
 
references to the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg or (as the case may be) the Republic of 
Italy and/or such other jurisdiction. 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon 
means the date on which payment in respect thereof first becomes due or (if any amount 
of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in 
full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date on which notice is duly 
given to the holders of Notes in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) that, upon 
further presentation of the Note, Receipt or Coupon being made in accordance with the 
Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon 
such presentation. References in these Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to 
include any premium payable in respect of the Notes, all Instalment Amounts, 
Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of 
principal payable pursuant to Condition 4 (Redemption, Purchase and Options) or any 
amendment or supplement to it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all Interest 
Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 3 (Interest and Other 
Calculations) or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) “principal” and/or 
“interest” shall be deemed to include any additional amounts which may be payable 
under this Condition 6. 
7. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims against the Issuer and the Guarantor (where applicable) for payment in respect of the 
Notes, Receipts and Coupons (which, for this purpose shall not include Talons) shall be 
prescribed and become void unless made within ten years (in the case of principal) or five years 
(in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect thereof. 
8. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
(a) 
Events of Default of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing (except where one or more of the Events 
of Default (as defined below) are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms), the 
holder of a Senior Preferred Note of any Series may give written notice to the Fiscal Agent at its 
specified office that such Senior Preferred Note is immediately repayable, whereupon the Early 
Redemption Amount of such Senior Preferred Note together with accrued interest to the date of 
payment shall become immediately due and payable: 
 
(i) 
Default in payment of principal or interest: default is made for a period of five 
Business Days or more in the payment of any principal on any of the Senior Preferred 
Notes or for a period of fifteen Business Days or more in the payment of any interest due 
in respect of the Senior Preferred Notes or any of them; 
(ii) 
Failure to perform any other Obligation: the Issuer or the Guarantor (where 
applicable) fails duly to perform any other obligation under or in respect of the Senior 
Preferred Notes, the Deed of Guarantee or the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement and 
such failure continues for more than 30 days after the service by a holder of a Senior 
Preferred Note of notice on the Issuer requiring the same to be remedied; 
(iii) 
General suspension of payments: the Issuer or the Guarantor (where applicable) 
suspends its payments generally; 
(iv) 
Bankruptcy, composition or similar event: a court in the country of domicile of the 
Issuer or the Guarantor (where applicable) institutes bankruptcy proceedings or 
composition proceedings to avert a bankruptcy or the Issuer or the Guarantor (where 
applicable) applies for institution of such proceedings or any event occurs which under 
the laws of the Republic of Italy or Grand Duchy of Luxembourg has an analogous 
effect to such proceedings;

--- Page 95 ---
87 
 
 
(v) 
Cross-default: (i) any other present or future indebtedness of the Issuer or the Guarantor 
(where applicable) for or in respect of moneys borrowed or raised becomes due and 
payable prior to its stated maturity as a result of any payment default thereon by the 
Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor (where applicable), or (ii) any such 
indebtedness is not paid when due or, as the case may be, within an applicable grace 
period, or (iii) the Issuer or the Guarantor (where applicable) fails to pay when due any 
amount payable by it under any present or future guarantee for, or indemnity in respect 
of any moneys borrowed or raised provided that an event of default pursuant to this 
Condition 8(v) shall only occur if: (A) the aggregate amount of the relevant 
indebtedness, guarantees and indemnities in respect of which one of the events 
mentioned in paragraphs (i), (ii) or (iii) above have occurred and is continuing exceeds 
€35,000,000 and (B) the Issuer or the Guarantor (where applicable) is not contesting in 
good faith in a competent court in a recognised jurisdiction that the relevant 
indebtedness or guarantee and/or indemnity is due and enforceable, as appropriate; 
(vi) 
Insolvency: either the Issuer or the Guarantor (where applicable) is (or is deemed by law 
or a court to be) insolvent or bankrupt or unable to pay its debts, proposes or makes a 
general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of the 
relevant creditors in respect of any of such debts or a moratorium is agreed or declared in 
respect of or affecting all or any part of (or of a particular type of) the debts of the Issuer 
or the Guarantor (where applicable); 
(vii) 
Winding-up: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up or 
dissolution or administration of the Issuer or the Guarantor (where applicable), or the 
Issuer or the Guarantor (where applicable) applies or petitions for a winding-up or 
administration order in respect of itself or ceases or threatens to cease to carry on all or 
substantially all of its business or operations, in each case except for the purposes of and 
pursuant to or in connection with a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, 
merger, de-merger, consolidation, deconsolidation or disposal or contribution in kind of 
assets or branches of business; 
(viii) 
Ownership: in respect of Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca International, 
Mediobanca International ceases to be controlled by Mediobanca (except in the case of a 
reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger, de-merger, consolidation or 
similar transaction by which Mediobanca assumes the payment obligations of 
Mediobanca International under the Senior Preferred Notes). 
(ix) 
Illegality: it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer or the Guarantor (where 
applicable) to perform or comply with any one or more of its obligations under any of 
the Senior Preferred Notes or the Deed of Guarantee (where applicable); or 
(x) 
Guarantee: in respect of Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca International, the 
Deed of Guarantee (where applicable) ceases to be a valid and binding obligation of the 
Guarantor or it becomes unlawful for the Guarantor to perform its obligations under the 
Deed of Guarantee or the Deed of Guarantee is claimed by Mediobanca International or 
the Guarantor not to be in full force and effect (except in the case of a reconstruction, 
amalgamation, reorganisation, merger, de-merger, consolidation or similar transaction by 
which Mediobanca assumes the payment obligations of Mediobanca International under 
the Senior Preferred Notes). 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies that one or more of the Events of Default are not 
applicable, then such relevant Events of Default shall not apply to such Senior Preferred Notes. 
However, in any case a Noteholder may, upon written notice to the Fiscal Agent, cause such 
Senior Preferred Notes to become due and payable, together with accrued interest thereon, if any, 
as of the date on which said notice is received by the Fiscal Agent, upon the occurrence of the 
Event of Default listed in this Condition 8(a), paragraph (vii) (Winding-up). 
(b) 
Events of Default of the Senior Non Preferred Notes

--- Page 96 ---
88 
 
 
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing, the holder of a Senior Non Preferred 
Note of any Series may give written notice to the Fiscal Agent at its specified office that such 
Senior Non Preferred Note is immediately repayable, whereupon the Early Redemption Amount 
of such Senior Non Preferred Note together with accrued interest to the date of payment shall 
become immediately due and payable: 
Winding-up: Mediobanca is wound up or dissolved, except for the purposes of, and pursuant to, 
or in connection with, a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger, de-merger, 
consolidation, deconsolidation or disposal of assets. 
In this Condition 8 “Events of Default” means any of the events listed in Conditions 8(a) 
(Events of Default of the Senior Preferred Notes) and/or 8(b) (Events of Default of the Senior 
Non Preferred Notes) as the case may be. 
(c) 
Events of Default of the Subordinated Notes 
 
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing, the holder of a Subordinated Note may 
give written notice to the Fiscal Agent at its Specified Office that such Subordinated Note is 
immediately repayable: 
Winding-up: Mediobanca is wound up or dissolved, except for the purposes of, and pursuant to, 
or in connection with, a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger, de-merger, 
consolidation, deconsolidation or disposal of assets, whereupon the Early Redemption Amount 
of such Subordinated Note together with accrued interest to the date of payment shall become 
immediately due and payable. No remedy against Mediobanca other than as specifically 
provided by this Condition 8(c) shall be available to holders of the Subordinated Notes or 
Coupons for the recovery of amounts owing in respect of the Notes or Coupons. 
9. 
MEETINGS OF HOLDERS OF NOTES AND MODIFICATIONS 
(a) 
Meetings of holders of Notes 
The Issue and Paying Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of 
holders of Notes to consider any matter affecting their interest, including modification 
by Extraordinary Resolution of the Notes (including these Conditions insofar as the 
same may apply to such Notes). An Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such 
meeting shall be binding on all the holders of Notes, whether present or not and on all 
relevant holders of Coupons, except that any Extraordinary Resolution proposed, inter 
alia, (i) to amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes, any Instalment Date 
or any date for payment of interest thereon, (ii) to reduce or cancel the principal amount 
or an Instalment Amount of, or any premium payable on redemption of, the Notes, (iii) 
to reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of the Notes or to vary the method or 
basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis for calculating the 
Interest Amount in respect thereof, (iv) if a Minimum and/or a Maximum Interest Rate, 
Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount is shown in the Final Terms, to reduce any 
such Minimum and/or Maximum, (v) to change any method of calculating the 
Redemption Amount, (vi) to vary the currency or currencies of payment or denomination 
of the Notes, (vii) to modify the provisions contained concerning the quorum required at 
any meeting of holders of Notes or any adjournment thereof or concerning the majority 
required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution, (viii) to modify the provisions which 
would have the effect of giving any authority, direction or sanction which under the 
Notes is required to be given pursuant to a meeting of holders of Notes to which the 
special quorum provisions apply, (ix) to take any steps which as specified in the Final 
Terms may only be taken following approval by an Extraordinary Resolution to which 
the special quorum provisions apply or (x) to amend the foregoing exceptions in any 
manner, will only be binding if passed at a meeting of the holders of Notes (or at any 
adjournment thereof) at which a special quorum (provided for in the Issue and Paying 
Agency Agreement) is present.

--- Page 97 ---
89 
 
 
(b) 
Modification of Issue and Paying Agency Agreement 
The Issuer and the Guarantor shall only permit any modification of, or any waiver or 
authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of or any failure to comply with, the 
Issue and Paying Agency Agreement, if to do so could not reasonably be expected to be 
prejudicial to the interests of the holders of Notes. 
(c) 
Errors or inconsistencies 
The Issuer and, with respect to the Senior Preferred Notes only, the Guarantor may, 
without the prior consent of the holders of the Notes correct (i) any manifest and/or 
material error in the Conditions and/or in the Final Terms, (ii) any error of a formal, 
minor or technical nature in the Conditions and/or in the Final Terms or (iii) any 
inconsistency in the Conditions and/or in the Final Terms between the Conditions and/or 
the Final Terms and any other documents prepared in connection with the issue and/or 
offer of a Series of Notes (provided such correction is not materially prejudicial to the 
holders of the relevant Series of Notes). In addition, pursuant to Condition 3(o) 
(Benchmark replacement), certain changes may be made to the interest calculation 
provisions of the Notes in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in such Condition, 
without the requirement for consent of the Noteholders. Any such correction shall be 
binding on the holders of the relevant Notes and the Issuer and the Guarantor (if 
applicable) shall cause such correction to be notified to the holders of the Notes as soon 
as practicable thereafter pursuant to Condition 12 (Notices). 
(d) 
Modification following a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event  
With respect to the Senior Notes only, if Modification following a MREL/TLAC 
Disqualification Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, where a 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing, then the Issuer 
may, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, modify the 
terms of the Senior Notes to the extent that such modification is necessary to ensure that 
no such MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event would exist after such modification, 
provided that, following such modification: 
(i) 
the terms and conditions of the Senior Notes, as so modified (the “modified 
Senior Notes”), are no more prejudicial to Noteholders than the terms and 
conditions applicable to the Senior Notes prior to such modification (the 
“existing Senior Notes”) provided that any modification may be made in 
accordance with paragraphs (ii) to (iv) below and any such modification shall 
not constitute a breach of this paragraph (i); and 
(ii) 
the person having the obligations of the Issuer under the Senior Notes continues 
to be the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
the modified Senior Notes rank at least equal to the existing Senior Notes and 
feature the same tenor, principal amount, interest rates (including applicable 
margins), interest payment dates and first call date as the existing Senior Notes; 
and 
(iv) 
the modified Senior Notes continue to be listed on a regulated market (for the 
purposes of the MiFID II (Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended)) of an 
internationally recognised stock exchange as selected by the Issuer (provided 
that the existing Senior Notes were so listed prior to the occurrence of such 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event), 
and provided further that: 
(a) 
Mediobanca obtains approval of the proposed modification from the Relevant 
Authority (if such approval is required) or gives prior written notice (if such 
notice is required to be given) to the Relevant Authority and, following the

--- Page 98 ---
90 
 
 
expiry of all relevant statutory time limits, the Relevant Authority is no longer 
entitled to object or impose changes to the proposed modification; 
(b) 
the modification does not give rise to a change in any published and solicited 
rating of the existing Senior Notes in effect at such time (to the extent the 
existing Senior Notes were rated prior to the occurrence of such MREL/TLAC 
Disqualification Event); 
(c) 
the modification does not give rise to any right on the part of the Issuer to 
exercise any option to redeem the Senior Notes prior to their stated maturity, 
without prejudice to the provisions under Condition 4(f) (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer); and 
(d) 
the Issuer has delivered to the Fiscal Agent a certificate, substantially in the 
form shown in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement, signed by two of the 
Issuer’s executive officers stating that paragraphs (i) to (iv) and (a) to (c) above 
have been complied with, such certificate to be made available for inspection by 
Noteholders. 
In connection with any modification as indicated in this Condition 9(d), the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the 
Senior Non Preferred Notes are then listed or admitted to trading. 
(e) 
Modification following a Regulatory Event or a Tax Event 
With respect to the Subordinated Notes only, if modification following a Regulatory 
Event or a Tax Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, where a 
Regulatory Event or a Tax Event has occurred and is continuing, then the Issuer may, 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, modify the 
terms of the Notes to the extent that such modification is reasonably necessary to ensure 
that no such Regulatory Event or Tax Event would exist after such modification, 
provided that, following such modification: 
(i) 
the terms and conditions of the Subordinated Notes, as so modified (the 
“modified Notes”), are no more prejudicial to Noteholders than the terms and 
conditions applicable to the Subordinated Notes prior to such modification (the 
“existing Notes”) provided that any modification may be made in accordance 
with paragraphs (ii) to (iv) below and any such modification shall not constitute 
a breach of this paragraph (i); and 
(ii) 
the person having the obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes 
continues to be the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
the modified Subordinated Notes rank at least equal to the existing Subordinated 
Notes and feature the same tenor, principal amount, interest rates (including 
applicable margins), interest payment dates and first call date as the existing 
Subordinated Notes; and 
(iv) 
the modified Subordinated Notes continue to be listed on a regulated market (for 
the purposes of the MiFID II (Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended)) of an 
internationally recognised stock exchange as selected by the Issuer (provided 
that the existing Notes were so listed prior to the occurrence of such Regulatory 
Event or Tax Event, as applicable), 
and provided further that: 
(a) 
Mediobanca obtains approval of the proposed modification from the Relevant 
Authority (if such approval is required) or gives prior written notice (if such 
notice is required to be given) to the Relevant Authority and, following the

--- Page 99 ---
91 
 
 
expiry of all relevant statutory time limits, the Relevant Authority is no longer 
entitled to object or impose changes to the proposed modification; 
(b) 
the modification does not give rise to a change in any published and solicited 
rating of the existing Subordinated Notes in effect at such time (to the extent the 
existing Subordinated Notes were rated prior to the occurrence of such 
Regulatory Event or Tax Event, as applicable); 
(c) 
the modification does not give rise to any right on the part of the Issuer to 
exercise any option to redeem the Subordinated Notes prior to their stated 
maturity, without prejudice to the provisions under Condition 4(f) (Redemption 
at the option of the Issuer); 
(d) 
the Issuer has delivered to the Fiscal Agent a certificate, substantially in the 
form shown in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement, signed by two of the 
Issuer’s executive officers stating that paragraphs (i) to (iv) and (a) to (c) above 
have been complied with, such certificate to be made available for inspection by 
Noteholders; and 
(e) 
in the case of any proposed modifications owing to a Tax Event, the Issuer has 
delivered to the Fiscal Agent an opinion of independent legal advisers of 
recognised standing to the effect that the Tax Event can be avoided by the 
proposed modifications. 
In connection with any modification as indicated in this Condition 9(e), the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the 
Notes are then listed or admitted to trading. 
(f) 
Modification to Notes distributed to a Single Noteholder 
In partial derogation to the provisions of Condition 9(a),(b),(c),(d) and (e) above, in case 
the Notes have been distributed to a single holder (the “Single Holder”), the approval 
for the amendments under Condition 9(a),(b),(c),(d) and (e) above shall be given by the 
Single Holder by way of binding approval letter with prior delivery of the relevant proof 
of ownership of the relevant Note.  
10. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, RECEIPTS, COUPONS AND TALONS 
If a Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced, subject to applicable laws and stock exchange regulations, at the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for 
the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to holders in accordance with Condition 12 
(Notices), in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection 
therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter 
alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is subsequently 
presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there will be 
paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Notes, Receipts, 
Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced 
Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
11. 
FURTHER ISSUES AND CONSOLIDATION 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the holders of Notes or Coupons create 
and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all 
respects except for the Issue Price, the Issue Date and/or the first payment of interest) and so that 
the same shall be consolidated and form a single series with such Notes, and references in these 
Conditions to “Notes” shall be construed accordingly. 
The Issuer may also from time to time upon not less than 30 days’ prior notice to Noteholders, 
without the consent of the holders of Notes or Coupons of any Series, consolidate the Notes with

--- Page 100 ---
92 
 
 
Notes of one or more other Series (the “Other Notes”) issued by it, provided the Notes and the 
Other Notes have been redenominated into Euro (if not originally denominated in Euro), and 
otherwise have, in respect of all periods subsequent to such consolidation, the same terms and 
conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the Issue Price, the Issue Date 
and/or the first payment of interest). Notice of any such consolidation will be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices). The Fiscal Agent shall act as the 
consolidation agent. 
With effect from their consolidation, the Notes and the Other Notes will (if listed prior to such 
consolidation) be listed on at least one European stock exchange on which either the Notes or the 
Other Notes were listed immediately prior to such consolidation. 
The Issuer shall in dealing with holders of such Notes following a consolidation pursuant to this 
Condition 11 have regard to the interest of the holders and the holders of the Other Notes, taken 
together as a class, and shall treat them alike. 
12. 
NOTICES 
Notices to the holders of Notes will be valid if (i) until such time as any Definitive Notes are 
issued, the notice is delivered to the relevant Clearing System(s), for communication by them to 
the holders of Notes; and (ii) if and so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on the Euronext 
Dublin’s regulated market and listed on the Official List of the Euronext Dublin, the notice is 
published in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Euronext Dublin (which shall 
include publication in a leading newspaper having general circulation in Ireland or on the website 
of the Euronext Dublin (www.ise.ie) or on the website of the relevant Issuer (www.mediobanca.it 
or www.mediobancaint.lu) and the Guarantor (www.mediobanca.it). If any such publication is not 
practicable, notice will be validly given if published in another leading daily English language 
newspaper of general circulation in Europe. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if 
published more than once or on different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided 
above. 
Holders of Coupons shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice 
to the holders of Notes in accordance with this Condition 12. 
13. 
SUBSTITUTION OF THE ISSUER 
(a) 
The Issuer and, in case of Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca International, 
the Guarantor may at any time, without the consent of the holders of Notes or Coupons, 
substitute Mediobanca in place of Mediobanca International or Mediobanca International 
in place of Mediobanca (each a “Substitute”) upon notice by the Issuer, the Guarantor 
(in case of Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca International) and the 
Substitute to be given in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices), provided that; 
(i) 
no payment in respect of the Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons or the Deed of 
Guarantee (as the case may be) is at the relevant time overdue; 
(ii) 
the Substitute shall, by means of a deed poll in the form scheduled to the 
Programme Manual as Schedule 12 (the “Deed Poll”), agree to indemnify each 
holder of Notes and Coupons against any incremental tax, duty, assessment or 
governmental charge which is imposed on it by (or by any authority in or of) the 
jurisdiction of the country of the Substitute’s residence for tax purposes and, if 
different, of its incorporation with respect to any Note, Receipt, Coupon, Talon 
or the relevant Deed of Covenant and which would not have been so imposed or 
otherwise suffered by any holder of Notes, Receipts or Coupons had the 
substitution not been made, as well as against any tax, duty, assessment or 
governmental charge, and any cost or expense, relating to the substitution;

--- Page 101 ---
93 
 
 
(iii) 
in respect of Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca International, where 
the Substitute is not the Guarantor, the obligations of the Substitute under the 
Deed Poll, the Notes, Receipts, Coupons, Talons and Deed of Covenant shall be 
unconditionally guaranteed by the Guarantor by means of the Deed Poll, in 
accordance with the terms thereof; 
(iv) 
all actions, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done 
(including the obtaining of any necessary consents) to ensure that the Deed Poll, 
the Notes, Receipts, Coupons, Talons and Deed of Covenant represent valid, 
legally binding and enforceable obligations of the Substitute and, where 
applicable, of the Guarantor have been taken, fulfilled and done and are in full 
force and effect; 
(v) 
the Substitute shall have become party to the Issue and Paying Agency 
Agreement, with any appropriate consequential amendments, as if it had been an 
original party to it; 
(vi) 
legal opinions shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent and Dealers from 
lawyers of recognised standing in each jurisdiction referred to in paragraph (ii) 
above, in Italy and in England as to the fulfilment of the requirements of this 
Condition 13 and the other matters specified in the Deed Poll and that the Notes, 
Receipts, Coupons and Talons are legal, valid and binding obligations of the 
Substitute; 
(vii) 
each stock exchange on which the Notes are listed shall have confirmed that, 
following the proposed substitution of the Substitute, the Notes will continue to 
be listed on such stock exchange; 
(viii) 
if applicable, the Substitute has appointed a process agent as its agent in 
England to receive service of process on its behalf in relation to any legal 
proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Notes. 
(b) 
Upon the execution of the Deed Poll and the delivery of the legal opinions, the Substitute 
shall succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power, of the 
Issuer under the Notes and the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement with the same effect 
as if the Substitute had been named as the Issuer herein, and the Issuer shall be released 
from its obligations under the Notes and under the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement. 
(c) 
After a substitution pursuant to Condition 13(a), the Substitute may, without the consent 
of any holder, effect a further substitution. All the provisions specified in Conditions 
13(a) and 13(b) shall apply mutatis mutandis, and references in these Conditions to the 
Issuer shall, where the context so requires, be deemed to be or include references to any 
such further Substitute. 
(d) 
After a substitution pursuant to Condition 13(a) or 13(c) any Substitute may, without the 
consent of any holder, reverse the substitution, mutatis mutandis. 
(e) 
The Deed Poll and all documents relating to the substitution shall be delivered to, and 
kept by, the Fiscal Agent. Copies of such documents will be available free of charge at 
the specified office of the Paying Agent. 
14. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
15. 
LAW AND JURISDICTION 
(a) 
Governing Law: The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the relevant Notes will be governed by, and shall be construed in

--- Page 102 ---
94 
 
 
accordance with English law, also in accordance with the provisions of the Rome II 
Regulation, except: (I) in case of Notes issued by Mediobanca, Conditions 2(b) (Status 
of the Senior Preferred Notes), 2(c) (Status of the Senior Non Preferred Notes), (2(d) 
(Status of the Subordinated Notes), 4(b) (Maturities/Final Redemption), 4(g) 
(Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)), 8(b) (Events of Default of the 
Senior Non Preferred Notes), 8(c) (Events of Default of the Subordinated Notes), and 16 
(Acknowledgment of the Italian / Luxembourg Bail-in Power) of these Conditions, are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law; and (II) in case of 
Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca International, Conditions 2(b) (Status of 
the Senior Preferred Notes), 4(b) (Maturities/Final Redemption), 4(g) (Redemption for 
regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)) and Condition 16 (Acknowledgment of the Italian 
/ Luxembourg Bail-in Power) of these Conditions, which are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, Luxembourgish law. For the avoidance of doubt, articles 
470-3 to 470-19 of the Luxembourg Company Law shall not apply to Senior Preferred 
Notes issued by Mediobanca International. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a 
“Dispute”), arising from or connected with the Notes, whether arising out of or in 
connection with contractual or non-contractual obligations. 
(c) 
Service of notices/documents: Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor (where applicable) 
agree that the documents which start any proceedings relating to a Dispute 
(“Proceedings”) and any other documents required to be served in relation to those 
Proceedings may be served on them by being delivered to Mediobanca - Banca di 
Credito Finanziario S.p.A. - London Branch, 4th floor, 62 Buckingham Gate SW1E 6AJ, 
United Kingdom. If such person is not or ceases to be effectively appointed to accept 
service of process on behalf of the Issuer and the Guarantor (where applicable), the 
Issuer and the Guarantor (where applicable) shall, on the written demand of any 
Noteholder addressed and delivered to the Issuer and to the Guarantor (where applicable) 
or to the specified office of the Fiscal Agent appoint a further person in England to 
accept service of process on their behalf and, failing such appointment within 15 days, 
any Noteholder shall be entitled to appoint such a person by written notice addressed to 
the Issuer and the Guarantor (where applicable) and delivered to the Issuer and the 
Guarantor (where applicable) or to the specified office of the Fiscal Agent. Nothing in 
this Condition 15(c) shall affect the right of any Noteholder to serve process in any other 
manner permitted by law. This Condition 15(c) applies to Proceedings in England and to 
Proceedings elsewhere. 
16. 
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF THE ITALIAN / LUXEMBOURG BAIL-IN POWER 
A) Acknowledgment of the Italian Bail-in Power  
Notwithstanding any provision of these Conditions or any other agreements, arrangements, or 
understandings between the Issuers and the Guarantor (where applicable) and any holder, and 
without prejudice to Article 55(1) of the BRRD, by its acquisition of the Notes each holder 
(which, for the purposes of this Condition 16, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the 
Notes) acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by: 
(a) the effects of the exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority, which 
exercise may include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: (i) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in respect of the Notes together 
with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due 
in relation thereto; (ii) the conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in 
respect of the Notes together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any 
additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto, into ordinary shares, other securities or 
other obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to or conferral on the 
holder of such shares, securities or obligations), including by means of an amendment, 
modification or variation of these Conditions; (iii) the cancellation of the Notes or the 
principal amount in respect of the Notes together with any accrued but unpaid interest due

--- Page 103 ---
95 
 
 
thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; and (iv) the 
amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the amount of 
interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest becomes payable, 
including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(b) the variation of these Conditions, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Authority, to give 
effect to the exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority. 
The exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority shall not constitute an event 
of default and these Conditions shall remain in full force and effect save as varied by the 
Relevant Authority in accordance with this Condition 16. 
B) Acknowledgment of the Luxembourg Bail-in Power  
The provisions of this Condition 16(B) applies to Senior Preferred Notes only.  
Notwithstanding any provision of these Conditions or any other agreements, arrangements, or 
understandings between the Issuers and the Guarantor (where applicable) and any holder, and 
without prejudice to Article 55(1) of the BRRD, by its acquisition of the Senior Preferred Notes 
each holder (which, for the purposes of this Condition 16, includes each holder of a beneficial 
interest in the Senior Preferred Notes) acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound 
by: 
(a) 
the effects of the exercise of the Luxembourg Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority, 
which exercise may include and result in any of the following, or some combination 
thereof: (i) the reduction of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in respect of the 
Senior Preferred Notes together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and 
any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; (ii) the conversion of all, or a 
portion, of the principal amount in respect of the Senior Preferred Notes together with 
any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due in 
relation thereto, into ordinary shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer 
or another person (and the issue to or conferral on the holder of such shares, securities 
or obligations), including by means of an amendment, modification or variation of these 
Conditions; (iii) the cancellation of the Senior Preferred Notes or the principal amount 
in respect of the Senior Preferred Notes together with any accrued but unpaid interest 
due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; and (iv) the 
amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Senior Preferred Notes or amendment of 
the amount of interest payable on the Senior Preferred Notes, or the date on which the 
interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(b) 
the variation of these Conditions, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Authority, to 
give effect to the exercise of the Luxembourg Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority. 
The exercise of the Luxembourg Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority shall not constitute an 
event of default and these Conditions shall remain in full force and effect save as varied by the 
Relevant Authority in accordance with this Condition 16.

--- Page 104 ---
96 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ITALIAN LAW NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions of the Notes applicable to each Series of Notes to be 
governed under Italian Law (respectively, the “Italian Law Notes” or the “Notes” and the “Terms and 
Conditions of the Italian Law Notes” or the “Conditions”) which, as completed by the relevant Final 
Terms, will be endorsed into each Note in final form issued under the Programme. The terms and 
conditions applicable to any Notes in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which would 
apply to the Notes whilst in final form to the extent described under “Provisions relating to the Notes 
While in Global Form” below. 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. (“Mediobanca”), Mediobanca International 
(Luxembourg) S.A. (“Mediobanca International”) (each, an “Issuer” and, together, the “Issuers”) have 
established an Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) for the issuance of up to Euro 
40,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of senior preferred notes which may be issued by each of 
the Issuers (the “Senior Preferred Notes”), senior non preferred notes which may be issued by 
Mediobanca only (the “Senior Non Preferred Notes” and, together with the Senior Preferred Notes, the 
“Senior Notes”) and subordinated notes which may be issued by Mediobanca only (the “Subordinated 
Notes”), guaranteed by Mediobanca (in its capacity as guarantor, the “Guarantor”) in respect of Senior 
Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca International only. 
The Notes are issued pursuant to an amended and restated Issue and Paying Agency Agreement dated 18 
December 2020, as amended or supplemented from time to time, (the “Issue and Paying Agency 
Agreement”) between the Issuers, the Guarantor, BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch, 
as fiscal agent and principal paying agent (the “Fiscal Agent”) and Mediobanca in its capacity as Italian 
paying agent (the “Italian Paying Agent” and together with the Fiscal Agent and any additional or other 
paying agents in respect of the Notes from time to time appointed, the “Paying Agents”). The Guarantor 
has, for the benefit of the holders of Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca International from time 
to time, executed and delivered a deed of guarantee (the “Deed of Guarantee”) dated 18 December 2020 
under which it has guaranteed, in accordance with the terms and subject to limitations of the Deed of 
Guarantee, the due and punctual payment of the amounts due by Mediobanca International under the 
Notes as and when the same shall become due and payable (the “Guarantee of the Notes”). The holders 
of the Notes (as defined below), the holders of the interest coupons (the “Coupons”) appertaining to 
interest bearing Notes and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, talons for further Coupons (the 
“Talons”) and the holders of the instalment receipts (the “Receipts”) appertaining to the payment of 
principal by instalments are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the Issue and Paying 
Agency Agreement applicable to them. 
Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each, a “Series”) and each Series may comprise 
one or more tranches (each, a “Tranche”) of Notes. Each Tranche of Notes is the subject of final terms 
(the “Final Terms”) which completes these Conditions. The terms and conditions applicable to any 
particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the event 
of any inconsistency between these Conditions and the Final Terms, the Final Terms shall prevail. All 
subsequent references in these Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes which are the subject of the Final 
Terms. These Conditions apply to Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non Preferred Notes, only to the 
extent that such Senior Non Preferred Notes are issued by Mediobanca, and are defined as “strumenti di 
debito chirografario di secondo livello” pursuant to and for the purposes of Articles 12-bis and 91, 
paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation which 
may be enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority. These Conditions apply only to 
Subordinated Notes which are issued by Mediobanca and are defined as “Tier II Instruments” in Part II, 
Chapter 1 of the Prudential Regulations for Banks and in Article 63 of the CRR. Copies of the Final 
Terms are available during normal business hours at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent, the initial 
Specified Office of which is set out below (the “Specified Office”). Certain provisions of these 
Conditions are summaries of the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement and are subject to their detailed 
provisions. 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will specify whether the Issuer is Mediobanca or 
Mediobanca International. In these Conditions, any reference to a statute or regulation shall be construed 
as a reference to such statute or regulation as the same may have been, or may from time to time be, 
amended or re-enacted.

--- Page 105 ---
97 
 
 
Copies of the Deed of Guarantee are available for inspection at the specified office of the Paying Agent. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are issued in bearer form in the currency (the “Specified Currency”) and the 
denominations (the “Specified Denomination(s)”) shown in the Final Terms, provided that 
Senior Non Preferred Notes will have denomination of at least EUR 250,000 (or, where the 
Senior Non Preferred Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amount in such other currency). 
Notes are issued with Coupons (and where appropriate, a Talon) attached save in the case of 
Notes which do not bear interest in which case references to interest (other than in relation to 
interest due after the date specified in the Final Terms as the Maturity Date (as designed below), 
Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable. Any Note the principal amount of 
which is redeemable in instalments is issued with one or more Receipts attached. 
Title to the Note and the Receipts, Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Except as ordered 
by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any Note, Receipt, 
Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as the absolute owner of such Note, 
Receipt, Coupon or Talon, as the case may be, for the purpose of receiving payment thereof or on 
account thereof and for all other purposes, whether or not such Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon 
shall be overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership, theft or loss thereof or any writing 
thereon made by anyone.  
In these Conditions, “holder” (in relation to a Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon) means the bearer 
of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon. All capitalised terms which are not defined in these 
Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms, the absence of any 
such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes. Those definitions will be 
endorsed on the definitive Notes. 
2. 
STATUS OF NOTES AND GUARANTEE 
(a) 
Definitions: 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms 
shall have the meanings set out below. 
“Bank of Italy” means the Bank of Italy and/or any other competent authority which at 
a future date carries out the functions which the Bank of Italy performs as at the Issue 
Date. 
“Italian Banking Act” means Italian Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, 
as amended or supplemented from time to time (including, without limitation, as a 
consequence of the transposition of the Banking Reform Package into Italian law).. 
“Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa” means Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa as 
described in Articles 80 to 94 of the Italian Banking Act. 
(b) 
Status of the Senior Preferred Notes: 
The Senior Preferred Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the relevant Issuer and will rank at all times at least pari passu 
without any preference among themselves and equally with all other present and future 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, save for certain mandatory 
exceptions of applicable law, it being understood moreover that the obligations of the 
relevant Issuer under the Senior Preferred Notes will be subject to the Italian Bail-In 
Power or the Luxembourg Bail-In Power, as the case may be. 
If waiver of set-off rights is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, each 
holder of a Senior Preferred Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of

--- Page 106 ---
98 
 
 
set-off, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have 
under the laws of any jurisdiction in respect of such Senior Preferred Note. 
(c) 
Status of the Senior Non Preferred Notes: 
The Senior Non Preferred Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated, 
unsecured and non preferred obligations of Mediobanca and will rank at all times pari 
passu without any preference among themselves.  
In the event of a winding up, dissolution, liquidation or bankruptcy (including, inter alia, 
Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa) of Mediobanca, the payment obligations of 
Mediobanca under each Series of Senior Non Preferred Notes, and the relative Coupons 
as the case may be, will rank in right of payment (A) after unsubordinated creditors 
(including depositors and any holder of Senior Preferred Notes and their respective 
Coupons) of Mediobanca but (B) at least pari passu with all other present and future 
unsubordinated and non preferred obligations of Mediobanca which do not rank or are 
not expressed by their terms to rank junior or senior to such Series of Senior Non 
Preferred Notes and (C) in priority to any present or future claims ranking junior to such 
Series of Senior Non Preferred Notes (including any holder of Subordinated Notes) and 
the claims of shareholders of Mediobanca, in all such cases in accordance with the 
provisions of Article 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian Banking Act and any 
relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by any 
Relevant Authority, it being understood moreover that the obligations of Mediobanca 
under the Senior Non Preferred Notes will be subject to the Italian Bail-In Power. 
Each holder of a Senior Non Preferred Note is deemed unconditionally and irrevocably 
to have waived any right of set-off, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy 
which it might otherwise have, under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such 
Senior Non Preferred Note. 
(d) 
Status of the Subordinated Notes:  
The Subordinated Notes and any related Coupons constitute direct, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of Mediobanca and, subject to the provisions of this Condition 
2, will at all times rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. In relation 
to each Series of Subordinated Notes, all Subordinated Notes of such Series will be 
treated equally and all amounts paid by Mediobanca in respect of principal and interest 
thereon will be paid pro rata on all Notes of such Series. 
In the event of the winding up, dissolution, liquidation or bankruptcy (including, inter 
alia, Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa) of Mediobanca, the payment obligations of 
Mediobanca under each Series of Subordinated Notes, and the relative Coupons as the 
case may be, will rank in right of payment (A) after unsubordinated creditors (including 
depositors and any holder of Senior Notes and their respective Coupons) of Mediobanca 
as well as subordinated creditors which rank or are expressed to rank senior to the 
Subordinated Notes but (B) at least pari passu with all other subordinated obligations of 
Mediobanca which do not rank or are not expressed by their terms to rank junior or 
senior to such Series of Subordinated Notes and (C) in priority to the claims of 
subordinated creditors ranking or expressed to rank junior to the Subordinated Notes 
(including, but not limited to, “Additional Tier 1 Instruments” (as defined in the 
Prudential Regulations for Banks and in the CRR)) and of the shareholders of 
Mediobanca, it being understood moreover that the obligations of Mediobanca under the 
Subordinated Notes will be subject to the Italian Bail-In Power.  
Each holder of a Subordinated Note is deemed unconditionally and irrevocably to have 
waived any right of set-off, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it 
might otherwise have, under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Subordinated 
Note.

--- Page 107 ---
99 
 
 
(e) 
Status of Guarantee 
The Guarantee of the Senior Preferred Notes constitutes direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Guarantor pursuant to the terms and 
conditions and subject to the limitations set out in the Deed of Guarantee which will rank 
at all times at least pari passu without any preference among themselves and equally 
with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Guarantor, save for certain mandatory exceptions of applicable law. 
3. 
INTEREST AND OTHER CALCULATIONS 
(a) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms 
shall have the meanings set out below. 
“Accrual Yield” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Additional Business Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Additional Financial Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Benchmarks Regulation” means Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial 
instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds 
and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No. 
596/2014. 
“Broken Amount” means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
generally in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in 
London, in the Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each 
(if any) Additional Business Centre. 
“Calculation Agent” means Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A., the 
Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant Final Terms as the party 
responsible for calculating the Interest Rate(s) and Interest Amount(s) and/or such other 
amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Calculation Amount” means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.  
“CMS” means the constant maturity swap rate specified as such in the Final Terms. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period 
of time (the “Calculation Period”), such day count fraction as may be specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if “1/1” is specified, 1; 
(b) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is specified, the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made 
divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year,

--- Page 108 ---
100 
 
 
the sum of (i) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (ii) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(c) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular 
Period during which it falls, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of 
days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in 
any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the 
sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in 
the Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of 
(1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) 
the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in 
the next Regular Period divided by the product of (1) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; 
(d) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 365; 
(e) 
if “Actual/360” is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360; 
(f) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 






360
1
D
2
D
]
1
M
2
M
[30
1
Y
2
Y
[360







 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 
is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; and

--- Page 109 ---
101 
 
 
(g) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 






360
1
D
2
D
]
1
M
2
M
[30
1
Y
2
Y
[360







 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in 
which case D2 will be 30; and 
(h) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 






360
1
D
2
D
]
1
M
2
M
[30
1
Y
2
Y
[360







 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in 
which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February but not the Termination Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in 
which case D2 will be 30.

--- Page 110 ---
102 
 
 
“EURIBOR” means the Euro-zone interbank offered rate specified as such in the Final 
Terms.  
“First Margin” means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“First Reset Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“First Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until 
(but excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Maturity Date. 
“First Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of the First Reset Period and subject to 
Condition 3(e) (Interest Rate on Reset Notes) (ii) (Fallbacks), the rate of interest 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the 
sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the First Margin. 
“Fixed Coupon Amount” means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms.  
“Initial Rate of Interest” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Instalment Date(s)” means the dates specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Accrual Date” means the dates specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Amount” means: 
c) With respect to the Senior Notes, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount in respect of any Interest Period and determined according to 
Condition 3(i) (Calculations in respect of the Senior Notes); 
d) With respect to the Subordinated Notes: 
(i) 
In respect of an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable per 
Calculation Amount for that Interest Period and which, in the case of 
Fixed Rate Notes, and unless otherwise specified hereon, shall mean the 
Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount specified in the Final Terms as 
being payable on the Interest Payment Date ending the Interest Period; 
and 
(ii) in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per 
Calculation Amount for that period. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Determination Date” means the date or the dates specified as such in the 
Final Terms. 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date or dates specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms, as the 
same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Accrual Date and 
each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Accrual Date and ending 
on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Accrual Date. 
“Interest Rate” means the rate of interest (expressed as a percentage per annum) 
payable from time to time in respect of this Note and which is either specified, or 
calculated in accordance with the provisions, in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 111 ---
103 
 
 
“Interest Rate Switch Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions as amended and updated as at the 
date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the 
Final Terms) as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., 
a copy of which is available on the website of the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. (www.isda.org) and can be obtained from the Issuer. 
“Issue Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Issue Price” means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“LIBID” means the London interbank bid rate specified as such in the Final Terms. 
“LIBOR” means the London interbank offered rate specified as such in the Final Terms. 
“LIMEAN” means the London interbank mid-market rate specified as such in the Final 
Terms. 
“Linear Interpolation” means the straight-line interpolation by reference to two rates 
based on the Reference Rate or the ISDA Rate, as the case may be, one of which will be 
determined as if the Specified Duration were the period of time for which rates are 
available next shorter than the length of the affected Interest Period and the other of 
which will be determined as if the Specified Duration or the Designated Maturity, as the 
case may be, were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the 
length of such Interest Period. 
“Margin” means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate” means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered 
rates for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which 
scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period 
(calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified 
Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate 
swap transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the 
relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount 
that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time 
with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating 
leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity 
(as specified in the relevant Final Terms) (calculated on the day count basis customary 
for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation 
Agent). 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation” means a quotation (expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate. 
“Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate” means EURIBOR if the Specified 
Currency is euro or LIBOR for the Specified Currency if the Specified Currency is not 
euro.  
“Mid-Swap Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to 
Condition 3(e) (Interest Rate on Reset Notes) (ii) (Fallbacks), either: 
(A) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the rate for 
swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(iii) with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(iv) commencing on the relevant Reset Date,

--- Page 112 ---
104 
 
 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(B) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the arithmetic 
mean (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and 
offered swap rate quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(iii) with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(iv) commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the 
Specified Currency on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
“Multiplier” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Optional Redemption Amount” means 

(y)
AY
1
RP


 
where: 
“RP” means the Reference Price; 
“AY” means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
“y” is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be 
either (i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days 
(calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from 
(and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the 
date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note 
becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in 
which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and 
including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes 
due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case 
the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or 
(as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 365). 
“Payment Business Day” means: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation (if 
presentation is required) are open for presentation and payment of 
bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement 
Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried 
on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in 
foreign currencies; and

--- Page 113 ---
105 
 
 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which 
dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre. 
“Principal Financial Centre” means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial 
centre for that currency provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State 
of the European Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the 
payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in 
relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland, in 
each case as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of 
a calculation) by the Calculation Agent. 
“Rate of Interest” means the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or 
the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as applicable. 
“Reference Banks” means, the institutions specified as such in the relevant Final Terms 
or, if none, four (or, if the Relevant Financial Centre is Helsinki, five) major banks 
selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute. 
“Reference Price” means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Rate” means EURIBOR, LIBOR, LIBID, LIMEAN, CMS, or the yield on 
securities issued by the Italian Government, as specified in the relevant Final Terms in 
respect of the currency and period specified in the relevant Final Terms and including 
where applicable the relevant yield and issue of securities issued by the Italian 
Government. 
“Reference Rate Multiplier” means the percentage specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
“Regular Period” means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of 
regular payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement 
Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period 
from and including one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest 
Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is 
scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where “Regular Date” means the day and month (but not the year) on 
which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first 
Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to 
but excluding the next Regular Date, where “Regular Date” means the day and 
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls other than the 
Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period. 
“Relevant Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms 
or, if none is specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated.

--- Page 114 ---
106 
 
 
“Relevant Financial Centre” means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined 
on an Interest Determination Date, the financial centre as may be specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the financial centre with which the 
relevant Reference Rate is most closely connected or, if none is so connected, London. 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a 
particular information service (including, but not limited to, Reuters) as may be specified 
as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms for the purpose of providing a 
Reference Rate, or such other page, section, caption, column or other part as may replace 
it on that information service or on such other information service, in each case as may 
be nominated by the person or organisation providing or sponsoring the information 
appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to that 
Reference Rate. 
“Relevant Time” means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the local time 
in the Relevant Financial Centre specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is 
specified, the local time in the Relevant Financial Centre at which it is customary to 
determine bid and offered rates in respect of deposits in the relevant currency in the 
interbank market in the Relevant Financial Centre provided that if the Relevant 
Currency is Euro and the Benchmark is EURIBOR, the Relevant Time shall be 11.00 am 
Brussels time. 
“Reset Date” means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent 
Reset Date (as applicable). 
“Reset Determination Date” means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second 
Business Day prior to the First Reset Date, in respect of the first Subsequent Reset 
Period, the second Business Day prior to the Second Reset Date and, in respect of each 
Subsequent Reset Period thereafter, the second Business Day prior to the first day of 
each such Subsequent Reset Period. 
“Reset Period” means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case 
may be. 
“Second Reset Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Specified Currency” has the meaning, if any, given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Specified Duration” means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an 
Interest Determination Date, the period specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Subsequent Margin” means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Subsequent Reset Date” means the date or dates specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Subsequent Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the Second Reset 
Date to (but excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from 
(and including) a Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding 
Subsequent Reset Date. 
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period 
and subject to Condition 3(e) (Interest Rate on Reset Notes) (ii) (Fallbacks), the rate of 
interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date 
as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the relevant Subsequent Margin. 
“TARGET System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer (TARGET or TARGET2) System or any successor thereto. 
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which the TARGET System is open.

--- Page 115 ---
107 
 
 
“Yield” means: 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of 
such notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the 
Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price, using the formula below. It is not an indication 
of future yield. 





n
r
1
A
n
r
1
1
r
C
P







 
Where: 
“P” is the Issue Price of the Notes; “C” is the annualised Interest Amount; “A” is the 
principal amount of Notes due on redemption; “n” is time to maturity in years; and “r” is 
the annualised yield. 
(b) 
Interest Rate and Accrual 
(A) With respect to the Senior Notes, each Senior Note (other than Zero Coupon 
Notes) bears, for each Interest Period, interest on its outstanding principal amount 
at the Interest Rate, such interest being payable as the Interest Amount, in arrear 
and on each Interest Payment Date. Where an Interest Period is a short or long 
Interest Period, then: 
(i) 
if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, the Interest Amount payable for that short or long Interest 
Period shall be, unless otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Broken Amount specified therein;  
(ii) if (in case of the Senior Preferred Notes only) the Reset Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Interest Amount 
payable for that short or long Interest Period shall be the relevant amount 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(iii) if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, the Interest Rate applicable for that short or long Interest 
Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent using Linear 
Interpolation; 
(B) with respect to the Subordinated Notes, each Subordinated Note bears interest on 
its outstanding principal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the 
Interest Rate, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
Interest will cease to accrue on each Note on the last day of the last Interest Period and, 
in any case, on the due date for redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of 
principal is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest will continue to 
accrue (as well after as before judgment) at the Interest Rate in the manner provided in 
this Condition 3 to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 6 (Taxation)). 
(c) 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in these Conditions which is specified in these Conditions or in the 
relevant Final Terms to be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day 
Convention would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the 
Business Day Convention specified is (i) the Following Business Day Convention, such 
date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day, (ii) the Modified 
Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day which 
is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or

--- Page 116 ---
108 
 
 
(iii) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day. 
(d) 
Interest Rate on Fixed Rate Notes 
With respect to the Senior Notes, if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Interest Rate for each Interest Period shall 
be the fixed rate specified in the relevant Final Terms. The yield of the Fixed Rate Note 
is indicated in the relevant Final Terms and is calculated as the internal rate of return 
(IRR). The yield of the Fixed Rate Notes is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of 
the Issue Price and, if indicated in the relevant Final Terms, the Fixed Coupon and/or the 
Broken Amount. 
With respect to the Subordinated Notes, if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the amount of interest payable in respect 
of each Note for any Interest Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if 
the Notes are in more than one Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon 
Amount in respect of the relevant Denomination. The amount of interest payable in 
respect of each Note for any period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified 
shall be calculated by applying the Interest Rate to the Calculation Amount of such Note, 
multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction (not adjusted in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention) and rounding the resulting figure in accordance with 
Condition 3(h) (Rounding). Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note 
comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect 
of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner 
provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified Denomination 
without any further rounding. The yield of the Fixed Rate Note is indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms and is calculated as the internal rate of return (IRR). The yield of 
the Fixed Rate Notes is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price and, as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms, the Fixed Coupon and/or the Broken Amount. 
(e) 
Interest Rate on Reset Notes 
(i) 
Rates of Interest and Interest Payment Dates 
If, in case of any Notes other than the Senior Non Preferred Notes, the Reset Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, then such Reset 
Note bears interest:  
(D) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date until (but excluding) the 
First Reset Date at the Initial Rate of Interest;  
(E) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the Second Reset 
Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Maturity Date at the rate per annum equal to the First Reset Rate of Interest; 
and  
(F) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant Subsequent 
Reset Rate of Interest, 
payable, in each case, in arrear on the each Interest Payment Date and on the Maturity 
Date if that does not fall on an Interest Payment Date. The Rate of Interest and the 
Interest Amount payable shall be determined by the Calculation Agent, (i) in the case of 
the Rate of Interest, at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, and (ii) in the case of the Interest Amount in accordance 
with the provisions for calculating amounts of interest in Condition 3(d) (Interest Rate 
on Fixed Rate Notes). 
(ii) 
Fallbacks

--- Page 117 ---
109 
 
 
Subject to Condition 3(o) (Benchmark replacement), if on any Reset Determination Date 
the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap Rate does not appear on the 
Relevant Screen Page, the Issuer or a third party (i.e. a financial adviser or an investment 
bank appointed by the Issuer) shall request each of the Reference Banks (as defined 
below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on 
the Reset Determination Date in question. 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-Market 
Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum of the arithmetic 
mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being 
rounded upwards)) of the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations and the First 
Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable), all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides 
the Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the 
foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent 
Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) shall be determined to be the Rate of Interest as at 
the last preceding Reset Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the 
First Reset Rate of Interest shall be the Initial Rate of Interest. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(e)(ii) “Reference Banks” means the principal 
office in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency of four (or, if the 
Relevant Financial Centre is Helsinki, five) major banks in the swap, money, securities 
or other market most closely connected with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as selected by 
the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute. 
For the avoidance of doubts it being understood that the provisions set forth in this 
Condition 3(e) shall apply in respect of any Notes other than the Senior Non Preferred 
Notes. 
(f) 
Interest Rate on Floating Rate Notes 
If the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the Final Terms as being applicable, 
the Interest Rate for each Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent on 
the following basis: 
(i) 
Screen Rate Determination: if Screen Rate Denomination is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Interest Rate is to be 
determined, subject to Condition 3(o) (Benchmark replacement), as follow: 
(A) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied 
by one entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(B) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic 
mean of the Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page 
as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(C) 
if, in the case of paragraph (A) above, such rate does not appear on that 
page or, in the case of paragraph (B) above, fewer than two such rates 
appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable: 
(1) 
the Issuer or a third party (i.e. a financial adviser or an 
investment bank appointed by the Issuer) will request the 
principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the

--- Page 118 ---
110 
 
 
Reference Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate 
at approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial 
Centre interbank market in an amount that is representative for 
a single transaction in that market at that time; and 
(2) 
the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of 
such quotations; and 
(3) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the Relevant Currency, selected by the 
Calculation Agent, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in 
the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on 
the first day of the relevant Interest Period for loans in the 
Specified Currency to leading European banks for a period 
equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in that market at that 
time, 
and the Interest Rate for such Interest Period shall be 
(a) 
if “Multiplier” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as not 
being applicable, the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the 
case may be) the arithmetic mean determined in accordance 
with the above provisions (the “Determined Rate”); 
(b) 
if “Multiplier” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable (i) the sum of the Margin and the relevant 
Determined Rate multiplied by (ii) the Multiplier; 
(c) 
if “Reference Rate Multiplier” is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable, the sum of (i) Margin, and (ii) 
the relevant Determined Rate multiplied by the Reference Rate 
Multiplier, 
provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable to 
determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in 
accordance with the above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, 
the Interest Rate applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will 
be calculated in accordance with the foregoing, save that the 
Determined Rate shall be the arithmetic mean last determined in 
relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period.  
(ii) 
ISDA Determination: If, in respect of any Notes other than the Senior Non 
Preferred Notes, ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Interest Rate(s) is/are to be determined, the Interest 
Rate applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be 
(a) 
if “Multiplier” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as not being 
applicable, the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate; 
(b) 
if “Multiplier” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable (i) the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate 
multiplied by (ii) the Multiplier;

--- Page 119 ---
111 
 
 
(c) 
if “Reference Rate Multiplier” is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, the sum of (i) Margin, and (ii) the relevant ISDA 
Rate multiplied by the Reference Rate Multiplier, 
where “ISDA Rate” in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the 
Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be determined by 
the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation 
Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction 
under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under 
which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a 
period specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is either 
(1) if the relevant Floating Rate Option is based on the London inter-
bank offered rate (LIBOR) for a currency, the first day of that Interest 
Period or (2) in any other case, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(g) 
Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates, Instalment Amounts and Redemption 
Amounts 
If any Maximum or Minimum Interest Rate, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then any Interest Rate, Instalment Amount or 
Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be, 
provided however that provisions relating to the Maximum or Minimum Interest Rate 
shall not apply to the Senior Non Preferred Notes and shall not be specified at any time 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
(h) 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless 
otherwise specified), (i) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves 
being rounded up), (ii) all figures will be rounded to seven significant figures (with 
halves being rounded up) and (iii) all currency amounts which fall due and payable will 
be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being rounded up), save in 
the case of Yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest Yen. For these purposes 
“unit” means, with respect to any currency other than Euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency which is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with 
respect to Euro, means one cent. 
(i) 
Calculations in respect of the Senior Notes 
This Condition 3(i) applies to the Senior Notes only. 
The Interest Amount payable in respect of an Interest Period shall calculated using one 
of the following methods: 
(i) 
if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable but subject to sub-paragraph (ii) below, the Interest Amount 
payable for any Interest Period shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent by applying the Interest Rate to the Calculation Amount and by 
multiplying the product so obtained by the Day Count Fraction (adjusted or 
unadjusted in accordance with the Business Day Convention, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms); or

--- Page 120 ---
112 
 
 
(ii) 
notwithstanding sub-paragraph (i) above, if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and a Fixed Coupon 
Amount and/or Broken Amount is specified in the Final Terms to be payable on 
an Interest Payment Date, the Interest Amount payable for the relevant Interest 
Period shall be the Fixed Coupon Amount and/or Broken Amount so specified; 
or  
(iii) 
if the Reset Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable with respect to Senior Preferred Notes only, the Interest Amount 
payable for any Interest Period shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the provisions of Condition 3(e) (Interest Rate on 
Reset Notes) (i) (Rates of Interest and Interest Payment Dates) (adjusted or 
unadjusted in accordance with the Business Day Convention, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms); or 
(iv) 
if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, the Interest Amount payable for any Interest Period shall be an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent by applying the Interest Rate to the 
Calculation Amount and by multiplying the product so obtained by the Day 
Count Fraction (adjusted or unadjusted in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention, as specified in the relevant Final Terms). 
Each Interest Amount (other than the Fixed Coupon Amount and the Broken Amount) 
shall be rounded in accordance with Condition 3(h) (Rounding). 
(j) 
Calculations in respect of the Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 3(j) applies to the Subordinated Notes only. 
The amount of interest payable in respect of any Subordinated Note for any period shall 
be calculated by multiplying the product of the Interest Rate and the outstanding 
Calculation Amount by the Day Count Fraction, save that where an Interest Amount (or 
a formula for its calculation) is specified in respect of such period, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of such Subordinated Note for such period will equal such Interest 
Amount (or be calculated in accordance with a formula). Where the Specified 
Denomination of a Floating Rate Note comprises more than one Calculation Amount, 
the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Subordinated Note shall be the aggregate 
of the amounts (determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount 
comprising the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. In respect of any 
short or long Interest Period as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation 
Agent will determine the Interest Rate using Linear Interpolation. 
(k) 
Determination and Publication of Interest Rates, Interest Amounts, Redemption 
Amounts and Instalment Amounts 
After the Relevant Time on each Interest Determination Date or such other time on such 
date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any Redemption Amount or 
Instalment Amount, obtain any quote or make any determination or calculation, it will, 
promptly, determine the Interest Rate and calculate the Interest Amount on the principal 
amount of the Notes for the relevant Interest Period, calculate the Redemption Amount 
or Instalment Amount, obtain such quote or make such determination or calculation, as 
the case may be, and cause the Interest Rate and the Interest Amounts for each Interest 
Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the 
Redemption Amount or any Instalment Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the 
Issuer, the Paying Agent, the holders of the Notes, any other Calculation Agent 
appointed in respect of the Notes which is to make a further calculation upon receipt of 
such information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such 
exchange so requires, such exchange promptly after their determination but in no event 
later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to 
such time, in the case of an Interest Rate and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases,

--- Page 121 ---
113 
 
 
the fourth Business Day after such determination. The Interest Amounts and the Interest 
Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 
8 (Events of Default), the accrued interest and the Interest Rate payable in respect of the 
Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this 
Condition 3(k) but no publication of the Interest Rate or the Interest Amount so 
calculated need be made. The determination of each Interest Rate, Interest Amount, 
Redemption Amount and Instalment Amount, the obtaining of each quote and the 
making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent shall (in the 
absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(l) 
Calculation Agent and Reference Banks 
The Issuer will use its best endeavours to ensure that there shall at all times be four 
Reference Banks (or such other number as may be required) with offices in the Relevant 
Financial Centre and one or more Calculation Agents if provision is made for them in 
the Conditions applicable to the Notes and for so long as any Notes are outstanding. If 
any Reference Bank (acting through its relevant office) is unable or unwilling to 
continue to act as a Reference Bank, then the Issuer will appoint another Reference Bank 
with an office in the Relevant Financial Centre to act as such in its place. Where more 
than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these 
Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent 
performing its duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or 
unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Interest 
Rate for any Interest Period or to calculate the Interest Amounts or any other 
requirements, the Issuer will appoint the London office of a leading bank engaged in the 
London interbank market to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not 
resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
(m) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the Zero Coupon Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable and the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note is 
improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount 
equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and 
including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the 
day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by 
or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after 
the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in 
respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is 
any subsequent default in payment). 
The calculation of the above amount shall be made (where such calculation is to be made 
for a period which is not a whole number of years) on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms for the purposes of this 
Condition 3(m) or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(n) 
Interest Rate Switch 
If so specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, from and including the 
Interest Rate Switch Date, the Interest Rate applicable for the calculation of the Interest 
Amounts due for each remaining Interest Period with respect to the Notes shall be the 
rate specified as applying from and including such Interest Rate Switch Date in the Final 
Terms and the initial Interest Rate applicable to the Notes shall no longer apply.

--- Page 122 ---
114 
 
 
(o) 
Benchmark replacement 
Notwithstanding the provisions in Conditions 3(e) (Interest Rate on Reset Notes) (ii) 
(Fallbacks) and 3(f) (Interest Rate on Floating Rate Notes), if the Issuer (in consultation 
with the Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s)) 
determines that a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the relevant Mid-Swap Rate or 
Reference Rate (as applicable) specified in the applicable Final Terms when any Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) remains to be determined by such 
Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate, then the following provisions shall apply: 
(1) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, an Independent Adviser (as defined below) to determine (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) a Successor Rate (as 
defined below) or, alternatively, if there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative 
Benchmark Rate no later than 3 Business Days prior to the Reset Determination 
Date or Interest Determination Date (as applicable) relating to the next 
succeeding Reset Period or Interest Period (as applicable) (the “IA 
Determination Cut-off Date”) for purposes of determining the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest Periods (as 
applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 3(o)); 
 
(2) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent 
Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative 
Benchmark Rate prior to the IA Determination Cut-off Date, then the Issuer 
(acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner) may determine a 
Successor Rate or, if there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative Benchmark Rate, 
in accordance with the provisions set out under sub-paragraph (3) below; 
 
(3) 
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Benchmark Rate is 
determined in accordance with the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or, 
failing which, Alternative Benchmark Rate shall be the Reference Rate or Mid-
Swap Rate (as applicable) in relation to the Notes for all future Reset Periods or 
Interest Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this 
Condition 3(o)); provided, however, that if sub-paragraph (2) applies and the 
Issuer is unable to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate 
prior to the Reset Determination Date or Interest Determination Date (as 
applicable) relating to the next succeeding Reset Period or Interest Period (as 
applicable), the Rate of Interest applicable to such next succeeding Reset Period 
or Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation 
to the Notes in respect of a preceding Reset Period or Interest Period as 
applicable (which may be the Initial Rate of Interest) (though substituting, where 
a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Reset Period or Interest Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Reset Period or Interest Period, the 
Margin relating to the relevant Reset Period or Interest Period, in place of the 
Margin relating to that last preceding Reset Period or Interest Period); for the 
avoidance of doubt, the provison in this sub-paragraph (3) shall apply to the 
relevant Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) only and any subsequent 
Interest Periods or Reset Periods (as applicable) are subject to the subsequent 
operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 3(o);

--- Page 123 ---
115 
 
 
(4) 
if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer determines a Successor Rate or, failing 
which, an Alternative Benchmark Rate in accordance with the above provisions, 
the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as the case may be) may also, following 
consultation with the Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and the 
Interest Amount(s)), specify changes to the Day Count Fraction, Relevant Screen 
Page, Business Day Convention, Business Days, Reset Determination Date, 
Interest Determination Date and/or the definition of Mid-Swap Rate or 
Reference Rate applicable to the Notes, and the method for determining the 
fallback rate in relation to the Notes, in order to follow market practice in 
relation to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate, which changes 
shall apply to the Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest Periods (as 
applicable) also in compliance with the Issuer’s written plans provided for under 
article 28(2) of the Benchmarks Regulation (subject to the subsequent operation 
of this Condition 3(o)). If the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the 
Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable), determines that an Adjustment Spread is 
required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate 
(as applicable) and determines the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable). 
If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) is unable to determine 
the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment 
Spread, then such Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) 
will apply without an Adjustment Spread. For the avoidance of doubt, the 
relevant Paying Agent shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer, effect 
such consequential amendments to the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement and 
these Conditions as may be required in order to give effect to this Condition 3(o). 
No Noteholder consent shall be required in connection with effecting the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) or such other 
changes, including for the execution of any documents or other steps by the 
relevant Paying Agent (if required));  
 
(5) 
the Issuer shall promptly following the determination of any Successor Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate give notice thereof and of any changes pursuant to 
subparagraph (4) above to the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders; and 
 
(6) 
if the provisions relating to the occurrence of, with respect to the Senior Notes, a 
Regulatory Event, or, with respect to the Subordinated Notes only, a 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event, in case of a Alternative Benchmark Rate is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the provisions above would 
cause the occurrence of, respectively, a Regulatory Event or a MREL/TLAC 
Disqualification Event, therefore no Alternative Benchmark Rate will be 
adopted, and the Relevant Screen Page on which appears the Reference Rate or 
the relevant Interest Period will be equal to the last Reference Rate available at 
the immediately preceding Interest Period on the Relevant Screen Page as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(o): 
“Adjustment Spread” means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, which the Independent Adviser (in consultation 
with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable), determines is required to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) in order to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate or Mid-
Swap Rate (as applicable) with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as 
applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology which:

--- Page 124 ---
116 
 
 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) with the 
Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been 
made or in the case of an Alternative Benchmark Rate, the Independent Adviser 
(in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is 
recognised or acknowledged as being in customary market usage in international 
debt capital markets transactions which reference the Reference Rate or Mid-
Swap Floating Rate (as applicable), where such rate has been replaced by the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable); or 
 
(iii) 
if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the 
Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer), determines (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate. 
 
“Alternative Benchmark Rate” means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the 
Issuer (as applicable) determines has replaced the relevant Reference Rate or Mid-Swap 
Rate (as applicable) in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets 
for the purposes of determining rates of interest in respect of eurobonds denominated in 
the Specified Currency and of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest Period or 
Reset Period (as applicable), or, if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser or the 
Issuer (as applicable) determines in its discretion (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) is most comparable to the relevant Reference Rate or 
Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable). 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 
Business Days or ceasing to exist or being subject to a material change; 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will 
cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will 
continue publication of the Original Reference Rate), provided that a Benchmark 
Event will occur on the date which is the later of (a) the date of the public 
statement referenced herein and (b) the date on which the administrator ceases 
publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely; or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued, provided that a Benchmark Event will occur on the date 
which is the later of (a) the date of the public statement referenced herein and (b) 
the date on which the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate is no longer representative of its relevant 
underlying market; or 
(v) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or

--- Page 125 ---
117 
 
 
resolution authority over the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, which 
states that the administrator of the Original Reference Rate has ceased or will, 
within a specified period of time, cease to provide the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of cessation, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Original Reference Rate 
and further provided that a Benchmark Event will occur on the date which is the 
later of (a) the date of the public statement referenced herein and (b) the date on 
which the administrator ceases to provide the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely; 
(vi) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited 
from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences either generally, or in respect of the Notes, provided that a 
Benchmark Event will occur on the date which is the later of (a) the date of the 
public statement referenced herein and (b) the date on which the Original 
Reference Rate is prohibited from being used or its use is subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences either generally, or in respect of the Notes; or 
(vii) it has become unlawful (including, without limitation, under the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011), as amended from time to time, if 
applicable) for any Paying Agent, Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate. 
 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or other independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital 
markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense. 
“Original Reference Rate” means: 
(iii) 
the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(iv) 
any Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate which has been determined 
in relation to such benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant to the 
operation of this Condition 3(o) (Benchmark Replacement). 
 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a reference rate or mid-swap floating 
leg benchmark rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the reference rate or mid swap floating 
leg benchmark rate relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority 
which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the reference rate or 
mid swap floating leg benchmark rate; or 
 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
reference rate or mid swap floating leg benchmark rate relates, (b) any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the reference rate or mid-swap floating leg benchmark rate, (c) a 
group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, or (d) 
the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and

--- Page 126 ---
118 
 
 
 
“Successor Rate” means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines is a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate or Mid-
Swap Rate (as applicable) which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating 
Body. 
4. 
REDEMPTION, PURCHASE AND OPTIONS 
(a) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context requires otherwise: 
The expressions “Early Redemption Amount”; “Final Redemption Amount”, 
“Instalment Amount”, “Optional Redemption Amount (Call)”, and “Optional 
Redemption Amount (Put)” mean, in respect of any Note: (A) such amount as may be 
specified in, or determined in accordance with the relevant Final Terms; or (B) if no 
such amount is specified, the principal amount of such Note. 
“Applicable Banking Regulations” means at any time the laws, regulations, 
requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect in the 
Republic of Italy, including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, the 
BRRD, the BRRD Implementing Regulations, the CRD IV, the Prudential Regulations 
for Banks of the Bank of Italy, the Banking Reform Package, the SRM Regulation and 
those regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy 
then in effect of the Relevant Authority or of the institutions of the European Union 
and/or the Republic of Italy (as defined below) whether or not such requirements, 
guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied 
generally or specifically to the Issuer or the Group; 
“Banking Reform Package” means (i) Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 
575/2013 as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for 
own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposure to 
central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, 
reporting and disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012, (ii) 
Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalization capacity of credit institutions and investment firms, (iii) Directive (EU) 
2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
Directive 2013/36/EU as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed 
financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and 
capital conservation measures, and (iv) Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as 
regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalization capacity of credit institutions and 
investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC; 
“CRA Regulation” means Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended and 
supplemented.  
“CRA Regulation” means Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended and 
supplemented.  
“CRD IV” means the CRD IV Directive, the CRR and any CRD IV Implementing 
Measure; 
“CRD IV Directive” means the directive 2013/36 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the 
prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms, amending Directive 
2002/87/EC and repealing Directives 2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC as amended, 
supplemented or replaced from time to time, including any successor regulations

--- Page 127 ---
119 
 
 
(including, without limitation, as a consequence of the entry into force of the Banking 
Reform Package); 
“CRD IV Implementing Measure” means any regulatory capital rules implementing 
the CRD IV Directive or the CRR which may from time to time be introduced, 
including, but not limited to, delegated or implementing acts (regulatory technical 
standards) adopted by the European Commission, national laws and regulations, and 
regulations and guidelines issued by the Bank of Italy, the European Banking Authority 
or any other relevant authority, which are applicable to the Issuer (on a standalone 
basis) or the Issuer together with its consolidated subsidiaries (on a consolidated basis) 
and which prescribe the requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for 
inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer (on a standalone or consolidated basis); 
“CRR” means the Regulation No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and 
investment firms amending Regulation No. 648/2012, supplemented or replaced from 
time to time, including any successor regulations (including, without limitation, as a 
consequence of the entry into force of the Banking Reform Package); 
“Extraordinary Resolution” has the meaning given to that term in the Issue and 
Paying Agency Agreement. 
“Italian Bail-in Power” means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, or 
suspension power existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, 
any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in the Republic of Italy, relating to 
(i) the transposition of the BRRD (in including, but not limited to, Legislative Decrees 
No. 180/2015 and 181/2015) as amended from time to time, (ii) Regulation (EU) 
No.806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014, 
establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit 
institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism and the Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No. 
1093/2010, as amended or superseded from time to time (the “SRM Regulation”) and 
(iii) the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any 
obligation of a regulated entity (as defined below) (or other affiliate of such regulated 
entity) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other securities, or 
other obligations of such regulated entity or any other person (or suspended for a 
temporary period); 
“Luxembourg Bail-in Power” means any write-down, conversion, transfer, 
modification, or suspension power existing from time to time under, and exercised in 
compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in Luxembourg, 
(i) relating to the transposition of the BRRD (including, but not limited to, the 
Luxembourg law of 18 December 2015 relative aux mesures de résolution, 
d'assainissement et de liquidation des établissements de crédit et de certaines 
enterprises d'investissement ainsi qu'aux systèmes de garantie des dépôts et 
d'indemnisation des investisseurs, as amended from time to time (the “Luxembourg 
BRRD Law”), (ii) relating to the SRM Regulation or (iii) otherwise arising under 
Luxembourg law and (iv) in each case, the instruments, rules and standards created 
thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of a regulated entity or other affiliate of 
such regulated entity) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, 
other securities, or other obligations of such regulated entity or any other person (or 
suspended for a temporary period) and any right in a contract governing an obligation of 
a regulated entity may be deemed to have been exercised. For this purpose, a reference 
to a "regulated entity" is to any institution or entity (which includes certain credit 
institutions, investment firms, and certain of their group companies) referred to in points 
(1), (2), (3) or (4) of Article 2(1) of the Luxembourg BRRD Law, and with respect to 
the SRM Regulation to any entity referred to in Article 2 of the SRM Regulation; and 
“Maturity Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 128 ---
120 
 
 
“Maturity Period” means the period from and including the Issue Date to but 
excluding the Maturity Date.  
“Prudential Regulations for Banks” means the Bank of Italy’s Disposizioni di 
Vigilanza per le Banche, as set out in Bank of Italy Circular No. 285 of 17 December 
2013, as amended and supplemented from time to time, including any successor 
regulations. 
 “Redemption Amount” means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the 
Instalment Amount, the Early Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount 
(Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the Early Redemption Amount or such 
other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, provided that such amount is in any case at least equal to the principal 
amount of the relevant Note. 
“Regulatory Capital Requirements” means any applicable minimum capital or capital 
requirement specified for banks or financial group by the Relevant Authority. 
“Relevant Authority” means the Bank of Italy or such other governamental authority 
in the Republic of Italy (or other country where the Issuer is then domiciliated) or in the 
European Union having primary responsibility for prudential and resolution oversight 
and supervision of the Issuer and/or the Group from time to time and/or, as the context 
may require, the “resolution authority” or the “competent authority” as defined under 
BRRD and/or SRM Regulation. 
(b) 
Maturities/Final Redemption 
(i) 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below in 
accordance with Conditions 4(c) (Redemption for taxation reasons), 4(d) 
(Purchases), 4(f) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), 4(g) (Redemption for 
regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)), Condition 4(h) (Redemption at the 
option of holders of Notes) or Condition 4(i) (Redemption by instalments), each 
Note will be redeemed at its Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date. 
(ii) 
Senior Non Preferred Notes shall have a minimum Maturity Period of twelve 
months, as provided under Articles 12-bis and 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of 
the Italian Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may be 
enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority. 
(iii) 
Subordinated Notes shall have a minimum Maturity Period of five years, as 
provided under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
(c) 
Redemption for taxation reasons 
Subject to Condition 4(l) (Special provision in relation to redemption, purchase or 
modification of the Notes), if Redemption for taxation reasons is specified in the Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in 
whole, but not in part, on any Interest Payment Date or, if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, at any time, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the 
holders of Notes (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount 
(together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption), if (i) the Issuer (or the 
Guarantor, as the case may be) (A) has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts 
as provided or referred to in Condition 6 (Taxation) or (B) has or will become subject to 
additional amount of national income taxes (and/or, in the case of Mediobanca, regional 
tax on productive activities – IRAP) due to partial or entire limitation to the deductibility 
of any payments under the Notes, in either case as a result of (1) any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of Luxembourg or any political subdivision 
thereof or any agency or authority thereof or therein having power to tax (in the case of 
payments made by or on behalf of Mediobanca International) or the Republic of Italy or 
any political subdivision thereof or any agency or authority thereof or therein having

--- Page 129 ---
121 
 
 
power to tax (in the case of payments made by or on behalf of Mediobanca), or (2) any 
change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, or (3) any 
judicial decision, official administrative pronouncement, published or private ruling, 
regulatory procedure, notice or announcement (including any notice or announcement of 
intent to adopt such procedures or regulations) (for purposes of this definition, an 
“Administrative Action”), or (4) any clarification of, or change in the official position 
or the interpretation of such Administrative Action or any interpretation or 
pronouncement that provides for a position with respect to such Administrative Action 
that differs from the generally accepted position, in each case by any legislative body, 
court, governmental, administrative or regulatory authority or body, irrespective of the 
manner in which such clarification or change is made known, which change, 
amendment, Administrative Action or clarification becomes effective on or after the 
Issue Date, and (ii) such obligations/limitations under (A) and (B) above cannot be 
avoided by the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) taking reasonable measures 
available to it which (x) do not require the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) 
to incur material out-of-pocket expenses and (y) would not otherwise be 
disadvantageous to the Issuer or the Guarantor, as determined in their discretion; 
provided that in the case under (A) above no such notice of redemption shall be given 
earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the 
case may be) would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in 
respect of the Notes (or the Guarantee, as the case may be) then be due. Prior to the 
publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 4(c), the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by a director of the Issuer (or the 
Guarantor, as the case may be) stating that such Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may 
be) is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing 
that the conditions precedent to the right of such Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case 
may be) so to redeem have occurred, and an opinion of independent legal advisers of 
recognised standing to the effect that there is more than an unsubstantial risk that the 
Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) (A) has or will become obliged to pay such 
additional amounts or (B) has or will become subject to additional amount of taxes, as 
indicated above, due to limitation of the deductibility of payments under the Notes as a 
result of such change, amendment, Administrative Action or clarification (the “Tax 
Event”). 
(d) 
Purchases 
Subject to Condition 4(l) (Special provision in relation to redemption, purchase or 
modification of the Notes), the Issuer, the Guarantor and any of the Guarantor’s 
subsidiaries may purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise at any price provided 
that all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons appertaining thereto 
are attached or surrendered therewith. Without prejudice to the foregoing, if so specified 
in the relevant Final Terms the Issuer will be entitled to exercise the option to repurchase 
from the holder(s), at its sole discretion, (1) all (but not part of) the Notes of the relevant 
Series (the “Total Repurchase Option”) or (2) on one or more occasions, any portion of 
the Notes of the relevant Series, provided that in such circumstances the amount of the 
Notes of the relevant Series to be purchased from each holder shall be the same 
proportion that the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of the relevant Series that are 
subject to the relevant Partial Purchase Option bears to the aggregate principal amount of 
all the Notes of the relevant Series then outstanding prior to the exercise of the relevant 
Partial Purchase Option (the “Partial Repurchase Option”). The Total Repurchase 
Option and the Partial Repurchase Option can only be exercised by the Issuer at the 
date(s) and the price(s) specified in the Final Terms as the Total Repurchase Option date 
or the Partial Repurchase Option date(s) and the Total Repurchase Option amount or 
Partial Repurchase Option amount(s), respectively. Upon exercise of the Total 
Repurchase Option or the Partial Repurchase Option, the holder(s) shall be obliged to 
sell to the Issuer (or any other entity indicated by the Issuer) all the Notes of the Series in 
relation to which the Total Repurchase Option or the Partial Repurchase Option (as the 
case may be) is exercised.

--- Page 130 ---
122 
 
 
(e) 
Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes, Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes for 
taxation reasons, Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes at the Option of the holder, 
Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes at the option of holders of Notes 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Redemption Amount payable 
on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity Date shall be an 
amount equal to the sum of: 
(A) 
the Reference Price; and 
(B) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Note 
becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, 
the calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis 
of such Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms for the 
purposes of this Condition 4(e) or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 
30E/360. 
(f) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
Subject to Condition 4(l) (Special provision in relation to redemption, purchase or 
modification of the Notes), if the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, then the following provisions will apply: 
(1) 
If European Style is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, 
then the Issuer may, on giving irrevocable prior notice to the holders of Notes, – 
which notice must be received by the holders of Notes no later than the last day 
of the notice period specified in the relevant Final Terms – redeem all or, if 
“Partial Redemption” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
some of the Notes. Any such redemption of Notes shall occur on the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date at their Optional Redemption Amount (Call), 
together with accrued interest (if any) up to such date, unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(2) 
If American Style is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, 
then the Issuer may, at any time during any exercise period specified in the Final 
Terms (the “Exercise Period”), elects to redeem all or, if “Partial Redemption” 
is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, some of the Notes, by 
sending a notice to the holders of Notes which notice must be received by such 
holders no later than the end of the relevant Exercise Period. Any such 
redemption of Notes shall occur on the relevant Optional Redemption Date at 
their Optional Redemption Amount (Call) together with accrued interest (if any) 
up to such date, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
In the case of a Partial Redemption, the notice to holders of Notes shall also contain the 
serial numbers of the Notes to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place 
as the Fiscal Agent may approve and in such manner as it deems appropriate, subject to 
compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange requirements. 
(g) 
Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call) 
Subject to Condition 4(l) (Special provision in relation to redemption, purchase or 
modification of the Notes), if Regulatory Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer, in whole but not in part, at any 
time (if the Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if the 
Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice 
(which notice shall be irrevocable) to the Paying Agent and, in accordance with

--- Page 131 ---
123 
 
 
Condition 12 (Notices), to the holders of the Notes: (i) upon the occurrence of a 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event with respect to the relevant Series of Senior 
Preferred Notes and/or Senior Non Preferred Notes (as the case may be), and (ii) to the 
holders of the Subordinated Notes, if the Subordinated Notes cease to qualify (in whole 
or in part) as “Tier II Capital”, on a consolidated or non consolidated basis, as a result of 
changes after the date of issue of the relevant Subordinated Notes in the standards and 
guidelines of the Bank of Italy or in the applicable legal or regulatory provisions 
(including legal or regulatory provisions adopted by the European Union) (the 
“Regulatory Event”). 
“BRRD” means the directive 2014/59/EU, as amended, providing for the establishment 
of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time (including, 
without limitation, as a consequence of the entry into force of the Banking Reform 
Package). 
“BRRD Implementing Decrees” means the Legislative Decrees No. 180 and 181 of 16 
November 2015, implementing the BRRD in the Republic of Italy, as amended or 
replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, as a consequence of the 
transposition of the Banking Reform Package into Italian law). 
“MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event” means the determination by the Issuer, that as 
a result of a change in Italian and/or EU laws or regulations becoming effective on or 
after the Issue Date of a Series of Senior Preferred Notes and/or of Senior Non Preferred 
Notes, which change was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer as at the Issue Date of 
the Series, it is likely that all or part of the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of 
such Series of Senior Preferred Notes and/or of Senior Non Preferred Notes will be 
excluded from the eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL/TLAC Requirements 
(however called or defined by then applicable regulations) if the Issuer is then subject to 
such requirements, provided that a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event shall not occur 
where such Series of Senior Preferred Notes and/or of Senior Non Preferred Notes is 
excluded on the basis (1) that the remaining maturity of such Senior Preferred Notes 
and/or Senior Non Preferred Notes is less than any period prescribed by any applicable 
eligibility criteria under the MREL/TLAC Requirements, or (2) of any applicable limits 
on the amount of eligible liabilities permitted or allowed to meet the MREL/TLAC 
Requirements.  
“MREL/TLAC Requirements” means the minimum requirement for own funds and 
eligible liabilities and/or total loss-absorbing capacity requirements applicable to the 
Issuer and/or the Group referred to in the BRRD, any other EU law or regulation and 
relevant implementing legislation and regulation in Italy. 
“Tier II Capital” has the meaning given to it from time to time in the Applicable 
Banking Regulation. 
(h) 
Redemption at the option of holders of Notes 
This Condition 4(h) applies only to the Senior Notes. 
If the Put Option is specified as being applicable to the Senior Notes in the relevant Final 
Terms, then the following provisions will apply: 
(1) 
If European Style is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, 
the Issuer shall, at the option of the holders of the Senior Notes, redeem all or, if 
“Partial Redemption” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
some of the Senior Notes on the relevant Optional Redemption Date at its 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with accrued interest (if any) up to 
such date, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. To exercise 
such option, the holders must deposit such Senior Notes with any Paying Agent 
at its specified office, together with a duly completed option exercise notice (the

--- Page 132 ---
124 
 
 
“Exercise Notice”) in the form of obtainable from any Paying Agent; the 
Exercise Notice must be deposited with such Paying Agent no later than the last 
day of the notice period specified in the relevant Final terms. No Senior Note so 
deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided in the 
Issue and Paying Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(2) 
If American Style is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, 
the Issuer shall, at the option of the holders of any the Senior Notes, redeem all 
or, if “Partial Redemption” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, some of the Senior Notes on the relevant Optional Redemption Date at 
its Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with accrued interest (if any) up 
to such date, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. To exercise 
such option which may be exercised at any time during any exercise period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Exercise Period”), the holder must 
deposit such Senior Notes with any Paying Agent at its specified office, together 
with a duly completed option exercise notice (the “Exercise Notice”) in the 
form obtainable from any Paying Agent; the Exercise Notice must be deposit 
with such Paying Agent no later than the end of the relevant Exercise Period. No 
Note so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided 
in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of the 
Issuer.  
In the case of a Partial Redemption, the notice to holders of Senior Notes shall also 
contain the serial numbers of the Senior Notes to be redeemed, which shall have been 
drawn in such place as the Fiscal Agent may approve and in such manner as it deems 
appropriate, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange 
requirements. 
(i) 
Redemption by instalments 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled in accordance with Condition 4(f) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) or Condition 4(h) (Redemption at the option of 
holders of Notes), each Note which provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment 
Amounts will be partially redeemed on each Instalment Date at the Instalment Amount 
specified on it, whereupon the outstanding principal amount of such Note shall be 
reduced by the Instalment Amount for all purposes. 
(j) 
Cancellation 
Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the Guarantor’s 
subsidiaries (where applicable) may be surrendered for cancellation, by surrendering 
each such Note together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and all unexchanged 
Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, if so surrendered, will, together with all Notes redeemed 
by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons 
and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so 
surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the 
Issuer and the Guarantor (where applicable) in respect of any such Notes shall be 
discharged. 
(k) 
Specific Buy Back Provisions 
This Condition 4(k) applies only to the Senior Preferred Notes. 
If Specific Buy Back Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, upon the holder of any Senior Preferred Note giving to the Issuer not less than 5 
Business Days’ notice in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) (which notice shall be 
irrevocable) to early redeem the Senior Preferred Note before its scheduled maturity, the 
Issuer may, at its sole option, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem in whole or in part 
such Senior Preferred Note paying an amount that can be less than par and that is linked 
to the Market Value of the Underlying Transactions at that moment, together, if

--- Page 133 ---
125 
 
 
appropriate, with any accrued but unpaid interest. As specified above, the Issuer has the 
right, in its sole option, to reject the early redemption request and, in particular, if the 
Issuer never replies to the notice, the Issuer is deemed to have rejected the early 
redemption request. 
If Specific Buy Back Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, prior to the Maturity Date the value of the Senior Preferred Notes shall reflect 
and shall be calculated on the basis of the Market Value of the Underlying Transactions. 
The Calculation Agent may, from time to time, calculate the price of the Senior 
Preferred Notes on the basis of the Market Value of the Underlying Transactions and, 
without prejudice to the Issuer’s obligation to pay the Interest Amounts and the 
Redemption Amounts on the Senior Preferred Notes, in the event that a holder requests 
the Issuer to repurchase the Senior Preferred Notes held by it prior to their maturity, and 
the Issuer accepts such repurchase, the price of the Senior Preferred Notes (the “Buy 
Back Price”) will be a price that perfectly reflects the Market Value of such Underlying 
Transactions. The Specific Buy Back Provisions may apply only to Senior Preferred 
Notes issued by Mediobanca and/or Mediobanca International and where Mediobanca 
and/or Mediobanca International are specified as Dealers and where the principal 
amount in respect of such Senior Preferred Note is equal to, at least, EUR 100,000 (or its 
equivalent amount in the Specified Currency). 
In addition, if Specific Buy Back Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Issuer shall pay an additional remuneration (the “Extra-Yield”) on the 
Senior Preferred Notes. More information on the composition of the remuneration 
(unbundling) shall be published by each of the Issuer from time to time together with the 
composition of the Underlying Transactions as described below. 
For the purpose of this Condition 4(k): 
“Buy-Back Price” means the repurchase price of the Senior Preferred Notes to be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the basis of the Market Value of the Underlying 
Transactions. 
“Market Value” means the close-out amount of the Underlying Transactions, including 
the relevant bid/ask prices for all the Senior Preferred Notes and for any possible funding 
arrangement and/or coupon swap, as determined by the Calculation Agent in a fair and 
commercially reasonable manner. 
“Underlying Transactions” means any possible funding arrangement and/or coupon 
swap and/or any of the following funded or unfunded arbitrage-like financial 
transactions: 
(i) 
Cash-CDS Arbitrage; 
(ii) 
Index-Components Arbitrage; and/or 
(iii) 
General Funded Arbitrage, 
where: 
“Cash-CDS Arbitrage” means: 
Long (Short): Cash Instrument + Short (Long): Replicating CDS 
where: 
“Cash Instrument” means any debt obligation (including any obligation issued by the 
Issuer) or basket of debt obligations, under security or loan format, with maturities and 
notionals that can be longer and/or higher, respectively, than the Maturity Date and 
aggregate principal amount of the relevant Senior Preferred Notes;

--- Page 134 ---
126 
 
 
“Replicating CDS” means a credit default swap transaction having similar maturity and 
principal amount as the Cash Instrument, and having as a reference entity the Cash 
Instruments issuer or the Cash Instrument guarantor (including the Issuer or the 
Guarantor or the Issuer’s parent or the Issuer’s affiliate), or, in the case of Cash 
Instrument that are asset-backed obligations or credit linked obligations, any credit entity 
or any credit risk embedded in such Cash Instrument. 
“Index-Components Arbitrage” means: 
Long (Short): Credit Index + Short (Long): CDS Components 
where: 
“Credit Index” means any of the Markit credit default swaps indices, with maturities 
and notionals that can be longer and/or higher, respectively, than the Maturity Date and 
aggregate principal amount of the relevant Senior Preferred Notes, and any successor 
and/or replacement index thereof, including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Markit 
iTraxx® and Markit CDX™ indices, as selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion. Credit Index may also be a portfolio of credit default swap tranches 
summing up to a full capital structure, i.e. summing up to any such Markit credit default 
swap index. 
“CDS Components” means a basket of single-name credit default swap transactions 
having similar notional, maturity, coupons and reference entity as the components of the 
Credit Index. CDS Components may also be a portfolio of credit default swap tranches 
having similar maturity, aggregate notional, aggregate coupons and aggregate reference 
entities as the components of the Credit Index. 
“General Funded Arbitrage” means: 
Long (Short): Asset Instruments + Short (Long): Replicating Derivatives 
where: 
“Asset Instruments” means any asset title instrument (including funds or obligations, 
also asset-backed) linked to credit, rates, equities, commodities or currencies, with 
maturities and notionals that can be longer and/or higher, respectively, than the Maturity 
Date and aggregate principal amount of the relevant Senior Preferred Notes.  
“Replicating Derivatives” means any hedging derivative contract with similar maturity 
and notional as the Asset Instruments, and having as underlying the Asset Instrument 
itself. or any of its underlying financial instruments. For example: commodity certificate 
+ future (“cash and carry arbitrage”), or convertible bond + CDS + equity option 
(“convertible arbitrage”). 
The Underlying Transactions will be selected from time to time by the Calculation Agent in its 
reasonable discretion and the relevant composition is subject to change during the life of the 
Preferred Notes. The composition of the Underlying Transactions (including any possible 
funding arrangement and/or coupon swap) shall be published from time to time by Mediobanca 
or Mediobanca International on their website www.mediobanca.com or on the website of the 
Euronext Dublin or on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or on any other means of 
publication, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(l) 
Special provision in relation to redemption, purchase or modification of the Notes 
Any redemption of the Notes in accordance with Condition 4(c) (Redemption for 
taxation reason), Condition 4(f) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 4(g) 
(Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)), any purchase of the Notes in 
accordance with Condition 4(d) (Purchases), or any modification of the Notes in 
accordance with Conditions 9(a) (Meetings of holders of Notes) and 9(c) (Errors or

--- Page 135 ---
127 
 
 
inconsistencies), is subject to, if and to extent then required under Articles 12-bis and 91, 
paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian Banking Act and any relevant implementing 
regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority (with 
respect to the Senior Non Preferred Notes only), and/or under the MREL/TLAC 
Requirements (with respect to either the Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Non 
Preferred Notes), or under the Applicable Banking Regulations (with respect to the 
Subordinated Notes only): 
(i) 
the Issuer giving notice to the Relevant Authority and the Relevant Authority 
granting permission to redeem or purchase the relevant Senior Notes; 
(ii) 
with respect to the Subordinated Notes only: 
(A) 
in case of any redemption or purchase, either (A) the Issuer having 
replaced the Subordinated Notes with own funds instruments of equal 
or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of 
the Issuer; or (B) the Issuer having demonstrated to the satisfaction of 
the Relevant Authority that the own funds of the Issuer would, 
following such redemption or purchase, exceed its Regulatory Capital 
Requirements for the time being; 
(B) 
 in the case of any such redemption prior to the fifth anniversary of the 
Issue Date, (A) in case of redemption for tax reasons in accordance with 
Condition 4(c) (Redemption for taxation reason), the Issuer has 
demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the 
change in tax treatment is material and was not reasonably foreseeable 
as at the Issue Date, or (B) in the case of redemption upon the 
occurrence of a Regulatory Event in accordance with Condition 4(g) 
(Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)), the Issuer has 
demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the 
relevant change in the regulatory classification of the Notes was not 
reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date and the Relevant Authority 
considers such change to be reasonably certain. 
To redeem any Notes where such consent has not been granted shall not constitute an event of 
default of the Issuer for any purpose. Notwithstanding the above conditions, if, at the time of any 
redemption or purchase, Articles 12-bis and 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian 
Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes 
by any Relevant Authority (with respect to the Senior Non Preferred Notes only), and/or the 
MREL/TLAC Requirements (with respect to the Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Non 
Preferred Notes), or the Applicable Banking Regulations (with respect to the Subrodinated Notes 
only) permit the redemption or purchase only after compliance with one or more alternative or 
additional pre-conditions to those set out above in this Condition 4(l), the Issuer shall comply 
with such other and/or, as appropriate, additional pre-condition(s).  
5. 
PAYMENTS AND TALONS 
(a) 
Payments outside the United States 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Notes will, subject as mentioned below, 
be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Receipts (in the case of 
payments of Instalment Amounts other than on the due date for redemption and 
provided that the Receipts are presented for payment together with their relative Notes), 
Notes (in the case of all other payments of principal and, in the case of interest as 
specified in Condition 5(e)(vi)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in 
Condition 5(e)(ii)), as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States by a cheque payable in the currency in which such payment is 
due drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, by transfer to an account denominated in 
that currency with, a bank in the principal financial centre of that currency; provided 
that in the case of Euro, the transfer may be to a Euro account.

--- Page 136 ---
128 
 
 
(b) 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Notes are denominated in US Dollars, payments in 
respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York 
City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents 
with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such 
Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the 
manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices 
is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on 
payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United 
States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence 
to the Issuer. 
(c) 
Payments subject to law, etc. 
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations 
and directives, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 6 (Taxation). No 
commission or expenses shall be charged to the holders of Notes or Couponholders in 
respect of such payments. 
(d) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the 
Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the 
Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor (where applicable) and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency 
or trust for or with any holder. The Issuer and the Guarantor (where applicable) reserve 
the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other 
Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or the Registrar and to appoint additional or other 
agents provided that the Issuer will at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) a 
Calculation Agent where the Conditions so require one, (iii) Paying Agents having a 
specified office in at least two major European cities (including Ireland so long as the 
Notes are listed on the Official List of the Euronext Dublin), and (iv) such other agents 
as may be required by the rules of any other stock exchange on which the Notes may be 
listed. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York in respect of 
any Notes denominated in US Dollars in the circumstances described in Condition 5(b) 
(Payments in the United States) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office will promptly be given 
to the holders of Notes in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices). 
(e) 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons 
(i) 
Unless the Notes provide that the relative Coupons are to become void upon the 
due date for redemption of those Notes, Notes should be surrendered for 
payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) appertaining thereto, 
failing which an amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured 
Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, that proportion of the 
amount of such missing unmatured Coupon which the sum of principal so paid 
bears to the total principal due) will be deducted from the Redemption Amount 
due for payment. Any amount so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned 
above against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of 10 years 
from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not such 
Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 7 (Prescription)). 
(ii) 
If the relevant Notes so provide, upon the due date for redemption of any Note, 
unmatured Coupons relating to such Notes (whether or not attached) shall 
become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them.

--- Page 137 ---
129 
 
 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Note, any unexchanged Talon relating 
to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall 
be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Note which is redeemable in 
instalments, all Receipts relating to such Note having an Instalment Date falling 
on or after such due date (whether or not attached) shall become void and no 
payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(v) 
Where any Note which provides that the relative Coupons are to become void 
upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption 
without all unmatured Coupons and any unexchanged Talon relating to it, and 
where any Note is presented for redemption without any unexchanged Talon 
relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provisions of such 
indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(vi) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of 
interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or 
the Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable 
against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Note. Interest 
accrued on a Note which only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be 
payable on redemption of such Note against presentation of the relevant Note. 
(f) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon 
sheet issued in respect of any Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be 
surrendered to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet 
(and if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons 
which may have become void pursuant to Condition 7 (Prescription)). 
(g) 
Non-Business Days 
If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a 
Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the holder shall not be entitled to 
payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business 
Day in such place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in 
respect of any such delay. 
In this Condition 5(g): 
“Additional Financial Centre” means the city or the cities specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; and 
“Payment Business Day” means: 
(i) 
with respect to the Senior Notes: 
(A) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET 
Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may 
be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(B) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which 
dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre; 
(ii) 
with respect to the Subordinated Notes: 
(A) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is:

--- Page 138 ---
130 
 
 
(1) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are 
open for presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and 
for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(2) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET 
Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional 
Financial Centre specified in the Final Terms; or 
(B) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(1) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are 
open for presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and 
for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(2) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on 
which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in 
each (if any) Additional Financial Centre specified in the Final 
Terms. 
6. 
TAXATION 
(a) 
Gross Up 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes, the Receipts and the 
Coupons by the Issuer or (as the case may be) the Guarantor under the Deed of 
Guarantee will be made without withholding or deduction for, or on the account of, any 
present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg or any political 
subdivision thereof or any agency or authority therein or thereof having power to tax (in 
the case of payments made by or on behalf of Mediobanca International) or the Republic 
of Italy or any political subdivision thereof or any agency or authority therein or thereof 
having power to tax (in the case of payments made by or on behalf of Mediobanca), 
unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
changes is required by law. In that event, the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor 
will pay such additional amounts in respect of, with regard to the Senior Notes only, 
principal and interest (if permitted by MREL/TLAC Requirements), and, with regard to 
the Subordinated Notes only, interest only (and not in respect of principal) as may be 
necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes, Receipts or 
Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of 
principal and interest which would have been received in respect of the Notes, Receipts 
or (as the case may be) Coupons, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; 
except that no additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any payment in 
respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon or (as the case may be) under the Deed of 
Guarantee: 
(i) 
(A) to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is subject to such taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note, Receipt or 
Coupon by reason of its having some connection (otherwise than merely by 
holding the Note, Receipt or Coupon) with (in the case of payments of principal 
and interest under the Senior Notes made by or on behalf of Mediobanca 
International) the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (including taxes imposed by the 
Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005) or (in the case of payments of principal 
and interest made by or on behalf of Mediobanca and in respect of payments by 
Mediobanca under the Deed of Guarantee) the Republic of Italy; or (B) with 
respect to any Note, Receipt or Coupon presented for payment in the Republic 
of Italy or the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg; or (C) for or on account of imposta 
sostitutiva pursuant to Decree No. 239, Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 
November 1997 (“Decree No. 461”) or related implementing regulations; or (D)

--- Page 139 ---
131 
 
 
in all circumstances in which the requirements and procedures of Decree No. 
239 and related implementing rules have not been properly and promptly met or 
complied with (except where due to the actions or omissions of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or their agents); or (E) to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder 
who is entitled to avoid such withholding or deduction in respect of such Note, 
Receipt or Coupon by making a declaration or any other statement, including, 
but not limited to, a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for 
exemption to the relevant taxing authority or intermediary/paying agent, but has 
failed to do so properly and promptly; or 
(ii) 
(in the case of payments of principal and interest made by or on behalf of 
Mediobanca and in respect of payments by Mediobanca under the Deed of 
Guarantee) to a holder who is a non-Italian resident or individual or legal entity 
which is resident in any country not allowing for an adequate exchange of 
information with the Italian tax authorities that is not included in the list set by 
Italian Ministerial Decree 4 September 1996, as subsequently amended and 
supplemented from time to time; or 
(iii) 
for any Note, Receipt or Coupon presented for payment more than 30 days after 
the Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been 
entitled to such additional amount on presenting the same for payment on the 
thirtieth such day; or 
(iv) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who would have been able to 
avoid such withholding or deduction by presenting the relevant Note, Receipt or 
Coupon to another paying agent in a Member State of the European Union; or 
(v) 
(in the case of payments of principal and interest made by or on behalf of 
Mediobanca) where withholding or deduction is required by law pursuant to 
Decree No. 600; or 
(vi) 
(with respect to the Senior Notes only) where such withholding or deductions is 
required by an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing 
an intergovernmental approach thereto; or 
(vii) 
with respect to any Notes qualifying as “atypical” securities (titoli “atipici”) for 
Italian tax purposes subject to the regime provided for by Decree No. 512, for 
and on account of any withholding or deduction required by law pursuant to 
such decree; or 
(viii) 
in any case, where in the Final Terms it is expressly specified under the section 
entitled “Taxation” that “Gross Up” will not apply with respect to any Note, 
Receipt or Coupon pursuant to this point (viii) of Condition 6(a) (Taxation – 
Gross Up), 
without prejudice to the option of the Issuer to redeem the Notes pursuant to, and subject 
to the conditions of, Condition 4(c) (Redemption for taxation reasons). 
(b) 
Taxing Jurisdiction 
If the Issuer or the Guarantor (where applicable) becomes subject at any time to any 
taxing jurisdiction other than the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg or the Republic of Italy 
respectively, references in these Conditions to Luxembourg or Italy shall be construed as 
references to the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg or (as the case may be) the Republic of 
Italy and/or such other jurisdiction.

--- Page 140 ---
132 
 
 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon 
means the date on which payment in respect thereof first becomes due or (if any amount 
of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in 
full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date on which notice is duly 
given to the holders of Notes in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) that, upon 
further presentation of the Note, Receipt or Coupon being made in accordance with the 
Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon 
such presentation. References in these Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to 
include any premium payable in respect of the Notes, all Instalment Amounts, 
Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of 
principal payable pursuant to Condition 4 (Redemption, Purchase and Options) or any 
amendment or supplement to it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all Interest 
Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 3 (Interest and Other 
Calculations) or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) “principal” and/or 
“interest” shall be deemed to include any additional amounts which may be payable 
under this Condition 6. 
7. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims against the Issuer and the Guarantor (where applicable) for payment in respect of the 
Notes, Receipts and Coupons (which, for this purpose shall not include Talons) shall be 
prescribed and become void unless made within ten years (in the case of principal) or five years 
(in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect thereof. 
8. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
(a) 
Events of Default of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing (except where one or more of the Events 
of Default (as defined below) are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms), the 
holder of a Senior Preferred Note of any Series may give written notice to the Fiscal Agent at its 
specified office that such Senior Preferred Note is immediately repayable, whereupon the Early 
Redemption Amount of such Senior Preferred Note together with accrued interest to the date of 
payment shall become immediately due and payable: 
 
(i) 
Default in payment of principal or interest: default is made for a period of five 
Business Days or more in the payment of any principal on any of the Senior Preferred 
Notes or for a period of fifteen Business Days or more in the payment of any interest due 
in respect of the Senior Preferred Notes or any of them; 
(ii) 
Failure to perform any other Obligation: the Issuer or the Guarantor (where 
applicable) fails duly to perform any other obligation under or in respect of the Senior 
Preferred Notes, the Deed of Guarantee or the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement and 
such failure continues for more than 30 days after the service by a holder of a Senior 
Preferred Note of notice on the Issuer requiring the same to be remedied; 
(iii) 
General suspension of payments: the Issuer or the Guarantor (where applicable) 
suspends its payments generally; 
(iv) 
Bankruptcy, composition or similar event: a court in the country of domicile of the 
Issuer or the Guarantor (where applicable) institutes bankruptcy proceedings or 
composition proceedings to avert a bankruptcy or the Issuer or the Guarantor (where 
applicable) applies for institution of such proceedings or any event occurs which under 
the laws of the Republic of Italy or Grand Duchy of Luxembourg has an analogous 
effect to such proceedings; 
(v) 
Cross-default: (i) any other present or future indebtedness of the Issuer or the Guarantor 
(where applicable) for or in respect of moneys borrowed or raised becomes due and 
payable prior to its stated maturity as a result of any payment default thereon by the 
Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor (where applicable), or (ii) any such

--- Page 141 ---
133 
 
 
indebtedness is not paid when due or, as the case may be, within an applicable grace 
period, or (iii) the Issuer or the Guarantor (where applicable) fails to pay when due any 
amount payable by it under any present or future guarantee for, or indemnity in respect 
of any moneys borrowed or raised provided that an event of default pursuant to this 
Condition 8(v) shall only occur if: (A) the aggregate amount of the relevant 
indebtedness, guarantees and indemnities in respect of which one of the events 
mentioned in paragraphs (i), (ii) or (iii) above have occurred and is continuing exceeds 
€35,000,000 and (B) the Issuer or the Guarantor (where applicable) is not contesting in 
good faith in a competent court in a recognised jurisdiction that the relevant 
indebtedness or guarantee and/or indemnity is due and enforceable, as appropriate; 
(vi) 
Insolvency: either the Issuer or the Guarantor (where applicable) is (or is deemed by law 
or a court to be) insolvent or bankrupt or unable to pay its debts, proposes or makes a 
general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of the 
relevant creditors in respect of any of such debts or a moratorium is agreed or declared in 
respect of or affecting all or any part of (or of a particular type of) the debts of the Issuer 
or the Guarantor (where applicable); 
(vii) 
Winding-up: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up or 
dissolution or administration of the Issuer or the Guarantor (where applicable), or the 
Issuer or the Guarantor (where applicable) applies or petitions for a winding-up or 
administration order in respect of itself or ceases or threatens to cease to carry on all or 
substantially all of its business or operations, in each case except for the purposes of and 
pursuant to or in connection with a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, 
merger, de-merger, consolidation, deconsolidation or disposal or contribution in kind of 
assets or branches of business; 
(viii) 
Ownership: in respect of Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca International, 
Mediobanca International ceases to be controlled by Mediobanca (except in the case of a 
reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger, de-merger, consolidation or 
similar transaction by which Mediobanca assumes the payment obligations of 
Mediobanca International under the Senior Preferred Notes). 
(ix) 
Illegality: it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer or the Guarantor (where 
applicable) to perform or comply with any one or more of its obligations under any of 
the Senior Preferred Notes or the Deed of Guarantee (where applicable); or 
(x) 
Guarantee: in respect of Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca International, the 
Deed of Guarantee (where applicable) ceases to be a valid and binding obligation of the 
Guarantor or it becomes unlawful for the Guarantor to perform its obligations under the 
Deed of Guarantee or the Deed of Guarantee is claimed by Mediobanca International or 
the Guarantor not to be in full force and effect (except in the case of a reconstruction, 
amalgamation, reorganisation, merger, de-merger, consolidation or similar transaction by 
which Mediobanca assumes the payment obligations of Mediobanca International under 
the Senior Preferred Notes). 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies that one or more of the Events of Default are not 
applicable, then such relevant Events of Default shall not apply to such Senior Preferred Notes. 
However, in any case a Noteholder may, upon written notice to the Fiscal Agent, cause such 
Senior Preferred Notes to become due and payable, together with accrued interest thereon, if any, 
as of the date on which said notice is received by the Fiscal Agent, upon the occurrence of the 
Event of Default listed in this Condition 8(a), paragraph (vii) (Winding-up). 
(b) 
Events of Default of the Senior Non Preferred Notes 
 
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing, the holder of a Senior Non Preferred 
Note of any Series may give written notice to the Fiscal Agent at its specified office that such 
Senior Non Preferred Note is immediately repayable, whereupon the Early Redemption Amount

--- Page 142 ---
134 
 
 
of such Senior Non Preferred Note together with accrued interest to the date of payment shall 
become immediately due and payable: 
Winding-up: Mediobanca is wound up or dissolved, except for the purposes of, and pursuant to, 
or in connection with, a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger, de-merger, 
consolidation, deconsolidation or disposal of assets. 
In this Condition 8 “Events of Default” means any of the events listed in Conditions 8(a) 
(Events of Default of the Senior Preferred Notes) and/or 8(b) (Events of Default of the Senior 
Non Preferred Notes) as the case may be. 
(c) 
Events of Default of the Subordinated Notes 
 
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing, the holder of a Subordinated Note may 
give written notice to the Fiscal Agent at its Specified Office that such Subordinated Note is 
immediately repayable: 
Winding-up: Mediobanca is wound up or dissolved, except for the purposes of, and pursuant to, 
or in connection with, a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger, de-merger, 
consolidation, deconsolidation or disposal of assets, whereupon the Early Redemption Amount 
of such Subordinated Note together with accrued interest to the date of payment shall become 
immediately due and payable. No remedy against Mediobanca other than as specifically 
provided by this Condition 8(c) shall be available to holders of the Subordinated Notes or 
Coupons for the recovery of amounts owing in respect of the Notes or Coupons. 
9. 
MEETINGS OF HOLDERS OF NOTES AND MODIFICATIONS 
(a) 
Meetings of holders of Notes 
The Issue and Paying Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of 
holders of Notes to consider any matter affecting their interest, including modification 
by Extraordinary Resolution of the Notes (including these Conditions insofar as the 
same may apply to such Notes). An Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such 
meeting shall be binding on all the holders of Notes, whether present or not and on all 
relevant holders of Coupons, except that any Extraordinary Resolution proposed, inter 
alia, (i) to amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes, any Instalment Date 
or any date for payment of interest thereon, (ii) to reduce or cancel the principal amount 
or an Instalment Amount of, or any premium payable on redemption of, the Notes, (iii) 
to reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of the Notes or to vary the method or 
basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis for calculating the 
Interest Amount in respect thereof, (iv) if a Minimum and/or a Maximum Interest Rate, 
Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount is shown in the Final Terms, to reduce any 
such Minimum and/or Maximum, (v) to change any method of calculating the 
Redemption Amount, (vi) to vary the currency or currencies of payment or denomination 
of the Notes, (vii) to modify the provisions contained concerning the quorum required at 
any meeting of holders of Notes or any adjournment thereof or concerning the majority 
required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution, (viii) to modify the provisions which 
would have the effect of giving any authority, direction or sanction which under the 
Notes is required to be given pursuant to a meeting of holders of Notes to which the 
special quorum provisions apply, (ix) to take any steps which as specified in the Final 
Terms may only be taken following approval by an Extraordinary Resolution to which 
the special quorum provisions apply or (x) to amend the foregoing exceptions in any 
manner, will only be binding if passed at a meeting of the holders of Notes (or at any 
adjournment thereof) at which a special quorum (provided for in the Issue and Paying 
Agency Agreement) is present. 
(b) 
Modification of Issue and Paying Agency Agreement 
The Issuer and the Guarantor shall only permit any modification of, or any waiver or 
authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of or any failure to comply with, the

--- Page 143 ---
135 
 
 
Issue and Paying Agency Agreement, if to do so could not reasonably be expected to be 
prejudicial to the interests of the holders of Notes. 
(c) 
Errors or inconsistencies 
The Issuer and, with respect to the Senior Preferred Notes only, the Guarantor may, 
without the prior consent of the holders of the Notes correct (i) any manifest and/or 
material error in the Conditions and/or in the Final Terms, (ii) any error of a formal, 
minor or technical nature in the Conditions and/or in the Final Terms or (iii) any 
inconsistency in the Conditions and/or in the Final Terms between the Conditions and/or 
the Final Terms and any other documents prepared in connection with the issue and/or 
offer of a Series of Notes (provided such correction is not materially prejudicial to the 
holders of the relevant Series of Notes). In addition, pursuant to Condition 3(o) 
(Benchmark replacement), certain changes may be made to the interest calculation 
provisions of the Notes in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in such Condition, 
without the requirement for consent of the Noteholders. Any such correction shall be 
binding on the holders of the relevant Notes and the Issuer and the Guarantor (if 
applicable) shall cause such correction to be notified to the holders of the Notes as soon 
as practicable thereafter pursuant to Condition 12 (Notices). 
(d) 
Modification following a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event  
With respect to the Senior Notes only, if Modification following a MREL/TLAC 
Disqualification Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, where a 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing, then the Issuer 
may, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, modify the 
terms of the Senior Notes to the extent that such modification is necessary to ensure that 
no such MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event would exist after such modification, 
provided that, following such modification: 
(i) 
the terms and conditions of the Senior Notes, as so modified (the “modified 
Senior Notes”), are no more prejudicial to Noteholders than the terms and 
conditions applicable to the Senior Notes prior to such modification (the 
“existing Senior Notes”) provided that any modification may be made in 
accordance with paragraphs (ii) to (iv) below and any such modification shall 
not constitute a breach of this paragraph (i); and 
(ii) 
the person having the obligations of the Issuer under the Senior Notes continues 
to be the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
the modified Senior Notes rank at least equal to the existing Senior Notes and 
feature the same tenor, principal amount, interest rates (including applicable 
margins), interest payment dates and first call date as the existing Senior Notes; 
and 
(iv) 
the modified Senior Notes continue to be listed on a regulated market (for the 
purposes of the MiFID II (Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended)) of an 
internationally recognised stock exchange as selected by the Issuer (provided 
that the existing Senior Notes were so listed prior to the occurrence of such 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event), 
and provided further that: 
(a) 
Mediobanca obtains approval of the proposed modification from the Relevant 
Authority (if such approval is required) or gives prior written notice (if such 
notice is required to be given) to the Relevant Authority and, following the 
expiry of all relevant statutory time limits, the Relevant Authority is no longer 
entitled to object or impose changes to the proposed modification;

--- Page 144 ---
136 
 
 
(b) 
the modification does not give rise to a change in any published and solicited 
rating of the existing Senior Notes in effect at such time (to the extent the 
existing Senior Notes were rated prior to the occurrence of such MREL/TLAC 
Disqualification Event); 
(c) 
the modification does not give rise to any right on the part of the Issuer to 
exercise any option to redeem the Senior Notes prior to their stated maturity, 
without prejudice to the provisions under Condition 4(f) (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer); and 
(d) 
the Issuer has delivered to the Fiscal Agent a certificate, substantially in the 
form shown in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement, signed by two of the 
Issuer’s executive officers stating that paragraphs (i) to (iv) and (a) to (c) above 
have been complied with, such certificate to be made available for inspection by 
Noteholders. 
In connection with any modification as indicated in this Condition 9(d), the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the 
Senior Non Preferred Notes are then listed or admitted to trading. 
(e) 
Modification following a Regulatory Event or a Tax Event 
With respect to the Subordinated Notes only, if modification following a Regulatory 
Event or a Tax Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, where a 
Regulatory Event or a Tax Event has occurred and is continuing, then the Issuer may, 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, modify the 
terms of the Notes to the extent that such modification is reasonably necessary to ensure 
that no such Regulatory Event or Tax Event would exist after such modification, 
provided that, following such modification: 
(i) 
the terms and conditions of the Subordinated Notes, as so modified (the 
“modified Notes”), are no more prejudicial to Noteholders than the terms and 
conditions applicable to the Subordinated Notes prior to such modification (the 
“existing Notes”) provided that any modification may be made in accordance 
with paragraphs (ii) to (iv) below and any such modification shall not constitute 
a breach of this paragraph (i); and 
(ii) 
the person having the obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes 
continues to be the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
the modified Subordinated Notes rank at least equal to the existing Subordinated 
Notes and feature the same tenor, principal amount, interest rates (including 
applicable margins), interest payment dates and first call date as the existing 
Subordinated Notes; and 
(iv) 
the modified Subordinated Notes continue to be listed on a regulated market (for 
the purposes of the MiFID II (Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended)) of an 
internationally recognised stock exchange as selected by the Issuer (provided 
that the existing Notes were so listed prior to the occurrence of such Regulatory 
Event or Tax Event, as applicable), 
and provided further that: 
(a) 
Mediobanca obtains approval of the proposed modification from the Relevant 
Authority (if such approval is required) or gives prior written notice (if such 
notice is required to be given) to the Relevant Authority and, following the 
expiry of all relevant statutory time limits, the Relevant Authority is no longer 
entitled to object or impose changes to the proposed modification;

--- Page 145 ---
137 
 
 
(b) 
the modification does not give rise to a change in any published and solicited 
rating of the existing Subordinated Notes in effect at such time (to the extent the 
existing Subordinated Notes were rated prior to the occurrence of such 
Regulatory Event or Tax Event, as applicable); 
(c) 
the modification does not give rise to any right on the part of the Issuer to 
exercise any option to redeem the Subordinated Notes prior to their stated 
maturity, without prejudice to the provisions under Condition 4(f) (Redemption 
at the option of the Issuer); 
(d) 
the Issuer has delivered to the Fiscal Agent a certificate, substantially in the 
form shown in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement, signed by two of the 
Issuer’s executive officers stating that paragraphs (i) to (iv) and (a) to (c) above 
have been complied with, such certificate to be made available for inspection by 
Noteholders; and 
(e) 
in the case of any proposed modifications owing to a Tax Event, the Issuer has 
delivered to the Fiscal Agent an opinion of independent legal advisers of 
recognised standing to the effect that the Tax Event can be avoided by the 
proposed modifications. 
In connection with any modification as indicated in this Condition 9(e), the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the 
Notes are then listed or admitted to trading. 
(f) 
Modification to Notes distributed to a Single Noteholder 
In partial derogation to the provisions of Condition 9(a),(b),(c),(d) and (e) above, in case 
the Notes have been distributed to a single holder (the “Single Holder”), the approval 
for the amendments under Condition 9(a),(b),(c),(d) and (e) above shall be given by the 
Single Holder by way of binding approval letter with prior delivery of the relevant proof 
of ownership of the relevant Note.  
10. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, RECEIPTS, COUPONS AND TALONS 
If a Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced, subject to applicable laws and stock exchange regulations, at the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for 
the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to holders in accordance with Condition 12 
(Notices), in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection 
therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter 
alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is subsequently 
presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there will be 
paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Notes, Receipts, 
Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced 
Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
11. 
FURTHER ISSUES AND CONSOLIDATION 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the holders of Notes or Coupons create 
and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all 
respects except for the Issue Price, the Issue Date and/or the first payment of interest) and so that 
the same shall be consolidated and form a single series with such Notes, and references in these 
Conditions to “Notes” shall be construed accordingly. 
The Issuer may also from time to time upon not less than 30 days’ prior notice to Noteholders, 
without the consent of the holders of Notes or Coupons of any Series, consolidate the Notes with 
Notes of one or more other Series (the “Other Notes”) issued by it, provided the Notes and the 
Other Notes have been redenominated into Euro (if not originally denominated in Euro), and 
otherwise have, in respect of all periods subsequent to such consolidation, the same terms and

--- Page 146 ---
138 
 
 
conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the Issue Price, the Issue Date 
and/or the first payment of interest). Notice of any such consolidation will be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices). The Fiscal Agent shall act as the 
consolidation agent. 
With effect from their consolidation, the Notes and the Other Notes will (if listed prior to such 
consolidation) be listed on at least one European stock exchange on which either the Notes or the 
Other Notes were listed immediately prior to such consolidation. 
The Issuer shall in dealing with holders of such Notes following a consolidation pursuant to this 
Condition 11 have regard to the interest of the holders and the holders of the Other Notes, taken 
together as a class, and shall treat them alike. 
12. 
NOTICES 
Notices to the holders of Notes will be valid if (i) until such time as any Definitive Notes are 
issued, the notice is delivered to the relevant Clearing System(s), for communication by them to 
the holders of Notes; and (ii) if and so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on the Euronext 
Dublin’s regulated market and listed on the Official List of the Euronext Dublin, the notice is 
published in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Euronext Dublin (which shall 
include publication in a leading newspaper having general circulation in Ireland or on the website 
of the Euronext Dublin (www.ise.ie) or on the website of the relevant Issuer (www.mediobanca.it 
or www.mediobancaint.lu) and the Guarantor (www.mediobanca.it). If any such publication is not 
practicable, notice will be validly given if published in another leading daily English language 
newspaper of general circulation in Europe. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if 
published more than once or on different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided 
above. 
Holders of Coupons shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice 
to the holders of Notes in accordance with this Condition 12. 
13. 
SUBSTITUTION OF THE ISSUER 
(a) 
The Issuer and, in case of Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca International, 
the Guarantor may at any time, without the consent of the holders of Notes or Coupons, 
substitute Mediobanca in place of Mediobanca International or Mediobanca International 
in place of Mediobanca (each a “Substitute”) upon notice by the Issuer, the Guarantor 
(in case of Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca International) and the 
Substitute to be given in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices), provided that; 
(i) 
no payment in respect of the Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons or the Deed of 
Guarantee (as the case may be) is at the relevant time overdue; 
(ii) 
the Substitute shall, by means of a deed poll in the form scheduled to the 
Programme Manual as Schedule 12 (the “Deed Poll”), agree to indemnify each 
holder of Notes and Coupons against any incremental tax, duty, assessment or 
governmental charge which is imposed on it by (or by any authority in or of) the 
jurisdiction of the country of the Substitute’s residence for tax purposes and, if 
different, of its incorporation with respect to any Note, Receipt, Coupon or 
Talon and which would not have been so imposed or otherwise suffered by any 
holder of Notes, Receipts or Coupons had the substitution not been made, as 
well as against any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge, and any cost 
or expense, relating to the substitution; 
(iii) 
in respect of Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca International, where 
the Substitute is not the Guarantor, the obligations of the Substitute under the 
Deed Poll, the Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons shall be unconditionally

--- Page 147 ---
139 
 
 
guaranteed by the Guarantor by means of the Deed Poll, in accordance with the 
terms thereof; 
(iv) 
all actions, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done 
(including the obtaining of any necessary consents) to ensure that the Deed Poll, 
the Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons represent valid, legally binding and 
enforceable obligations of the Substitute and, where applicable, of the Guarantor 
have been taken, fulfilled and done and are in full force and effect; 
(v) 
the Substitute shall have become party to the Issue and Paying Agency 
Agreement, with any appropriate consequential amendments, as if it had been an 
original party to it; 
(vi) 
legal opinions shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent and Dealers from 
lawyers of recognised standing in each jurisdiction referred to in paragraph (ii) 
above, in Italy and in England as to the fulfilment of the requirements of this 
Condition 13 and the other matters specified in the Deed Poll and that the Notes, 
Receipts, Coupons and Talons are legal, valid and binding obligations of the 
Substitute; 
(vii) 
each stock exchange on which the Notes are listed shall have confirmed that, 
following the proposed substitution of the Substitute, the Notes will continue to 
be listed on such stock exchange; 
(viii) 
if applicable, the Substitute has appointed a process agent as its agent in 
England to receive service of process on its behalf in relation to any legal 
proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Notes. 
(b) 
Upon the execution of the Deed Poll and the delivery of the legal opinions, the Substitute 
shall succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power, of the 
Issuer under the Notes and the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement with the same effect 
as if the Substitute had been named as the Issuer herein, and the Issuer shall be released 
from its obligations under the Notes and under the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement. 
(c) 
After a substitution pursuant to Condition 13(a), the Substitute may, without the consent 
of any holder, effect a further substitution. All the provisions specified in Conditions 
13(a) and 13(b) shall apply mutatis mutandis, and references in these Conditions to the 
Issuer shall, where the context so requires, be deemed to be or include references to any 
such further Substitute. 
(d) 
After a substitution pursuant to Condition 13(a) or 13(c) any Substitute may, without the 
consent of any holder, reverse the substitution, mutatis mutandis. 
(e) 
The Deed Poll and all documents relating to the substitution shall be delivered to, and 
kept by, the Fiscal Agent. Copies of such documents will be available free of charge at 
the specified office of the Paying Agent. 
14. 
LAW AND JURISDICTION 
(a) 
Governing Law: The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the relevant Notes will be governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with Italian law, also in accordance with the provisions of the Rome II 
Regulation, except in case of Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca 
International, Conditions 2(b) (Status of the Senior Preferred Notes), 4(b) 
(Maturities/Final Redemption), 4(g) (Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory 
Call)) and Condition 15 (Acknowledgment of the Italian / Luxembourg Bail-in Power) of 
these Conditions, which are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
Luxembourgish law. For the avoidance of doubt, articles 470-3 to 470-19 of the 
Luxembourg Company Law shall not apply to Senior Preferred Notes issued by 
Mediobanca International.

--- Page 148 ---
140 
 
 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: The courts of Milan have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a 
“Dispute”), arising from or connected with the Notes, whether arising out of or in 
connection with contractual or non-contractual obligations. 
15. 
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF THE ITALIAN / LUXEMBOURG BAIL-IN POWER 
A) Acknowledgment of the Italian Bail-in Power  
Notwithstanding any provision of these Conditions or any other agreements, arrangements, or 
understandings between the Issuers and the Guarantor (where applicable) and any holder, and 
without prejudice to Article 55(1) of the BRRD, by its acquisition of the Notes each holder 
(which, for the purposes of this Condition 15, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the 
Notes) acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by: 
(c) the effects of the exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority, which 
exercise may include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: (i) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in respect of the Notes together 
with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due 
in relation thereto; (ii) the conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in 
respect of the Notes together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any 
additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto, into ordinary shares, other securities or 
other obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to or conferral on the 
holder of such shares, securities or obligations), including by means of an amendment, 
modification or variation of these Conditions; (iii) the cancellation of the Notes or the 
principal amount in respect of the Notes together with any accrued but unpaid interest due 
thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; and (iv) the 
amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the amount of 
interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest becomes payable, 
including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(d) the variation of these Conditions, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Authority, to give 
effect to the exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority. 
The exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority shall not constitute an event 
of default and these Conditions shall remain in full force and effect save as varied by the 
Relevant Authority in accordance with this Condition 15. 
B) Acknowledgment of the Luxembourg Bail-in Power  
The provisions of this Condition 15(B) applies to Senior Preferred Notes only.  
Notwithstanding any provision of these Conditions or any other agreements, arrangements, or 
understandings between the Issuers and the Guarantor (where applicable) and any holder, and 
without prejudice to Article 55(1) of the BRRD, by its acquisition of the Senior Preferred Notes 
each holder (which, for the purposes of this Condition 15, includes each holder of a beneficial 
interest in the Senior Preferred Notes) acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound 
by: 
(c) the effects of the exercise of the Luxembourg Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority, 
which exercise may include and result in any of the following, or some combination 
thereof: (i) the reduction of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in respect of the 
Senior Preferred Notes together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any 
additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; (ii) the conversion of all, or a portion, 
of the principal amount in respect of the Senior Preferred Notes together with any accrued 
but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation 
thereto, into ordinary shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another 
person (and the issue to or conferral on the holder of such shares, securities or 
obligations), including by means of an amendment, modification or variation of these 
Conditions; (iii) the cancellation of the Senior Preferred Notes or the principal amount in 
respect of the Senior Preferred Notes together with any accrued but unpaid interest due

--- Page 149 ---
141 
 
 
thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; and (iv) the 
amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Senior Preferred Notes or amendment of 
the amount of interest payable on the Senior Preferred Notes, or the date on which the 
interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(d) the variation of these Conditions, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Authority, to give 
effect to the exercise of the Luxembourg Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority. 
The exercise of the Luxembourg Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority shall not constitute an 
event of default and these Conditions shall remain in full force and effect save as varied by the 
Relevant Authority in accordance with this Condition 15.

--- Page 150 ---
142 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
Each Global Note will be in bearer form. Consequently, in relation to any Tranche of Notes represented 
by a Global Note, references in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to “Noteholder” are references to 
the bearer of the relevant Global Note which, for so long as the Global Note is held by a depositary or a 
common depositary (in the case of a CGN) or a common safekeeper (in the case of an NGN) for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that 
depositary or common depositary or, as the case may be, common safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note (each, an “Accountholder”) 
must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other relevant clearing system 
(as the case may be) for such Accountholder’s share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of 
such Global Note and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global Note. The extent to which, 
and the manner in which, Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under the Global Note will be 
determined by the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any 
other relevant clearing system from time to time. For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by the 
Global Note, Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due 
under the Notes and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the bearer of the 
Global Note. 
Exchange of Temporary Global Notes 
Whenever any interest in a Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Note, the relevant Issuer shall procure: 
(a) 
in the case of first exchange, the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Permanent 
Global Note, duly authenticated and (in the case of an NGN) effectuated, to the bearer of the 
Temporary Global Note; or 
(b) 
in the case of any subsequent exchange, an increase in the principal amount of such Permanent 
Global Note in accordance with its terms, 
in each case in an aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate of the principal amounts specified in 
the certificates issued by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system and received by the Fiscal Agent against presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender 
of the Temporary Global to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 7 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange. 
Whenever a Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the relevant Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and 
with Coupons, Talons and Receipts attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate 
principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the 
Temporary Global Note against the surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the 
Fiscal Agent within 45 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
a Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased by 
5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on the seventh day after the bearer of a Temporary Global Note 
has requested exchange of an interest in the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a 
Permanent Global Note; or 
(b) 
Definitive Notes have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on the forty-fifth day 
after the bearer of a Temporary Global Note has requested exchange of the Temporary Global 
Note for Definitive Notes; or

--- Page 151 ---
143 
 
 
(c) 
a Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of a Temporary Global 
Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with 
all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note in 
accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note or increase 
the principal amount thereof or deliver Definitive Notes, as the case may be) will become void at 5.00 
p.m. (Luxembourg time) on such seventh day (in the case of paragraph (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. 
(Luxembourg time) on such forty-fifth day (in the case of paragraph (b) above) or at 5.00 p.m. 
(Luxembourg time) on such due date (in the case of paragraph (c) above) and the bearer of the Temporary 
Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of 
the Temporary Global Note or others may have under the Deeds of Covenant. Under the Deeds of 
Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global Note will acquire directly 
against the relevant Issuer all those rights to which they would have been entitled if, immediately before 
the Temporary Global Note became void, they had been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate 
principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the records of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Where the Notes are listed on the Euronext Dublin and its rules so require, the Issuer will give notice of 
the exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes pursuant to Condition 12 (Notices) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 12 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Italian Law Notes, as the case may be. 
Exchange of Permanent Global Notes 
Whenever a Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the relevant Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated 
and, where applicable, with Coupons, Talons and Receipts attached (if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note to 
the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the 
order of the Fiscal Agent within 45 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on the forty-fifth day 
after the bearer of a Permanent Global Note has duly requested exchange of the Permanent 
Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
a Permanent Global Note (or any part of it) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Notes has occurred 
and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest 
thereon has not been made to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with the 
terms of the Permanent Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 
5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on such forty-fifth day (in the case of paragraph (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. 
(Luxembourg time) on such due date (in the case of paragraph (b) above) and the bearer of the Permanent 
Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of 
the Permanent Global Note or others may have under the Deeds of Covenant). Under the relevant Deed of 
Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Permanent Global Note will acquire directly 
against the relevant Issuer all those rights to which they would have been entitled if, immediately before 
the Permanent Global Note became void, they had been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate 
principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the records of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Where the Notes are listed on the Euronext Dublin and its rules so require, the relevant Issuer will give 
notice of the exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes pursuant to Condition 12

--- Page 152 ---
144 
 
 
(Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 12 (Notices) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes, as the case may be. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as they 
apply to the Global Note. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note will be made against presentation and (in the case 
of payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note to or to the 
order of any Paying Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of 
the relevant Issuer in respect of the Notes. On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest 
is made in respect of the Global Note, the relevant Issuer shall procure that, in respect of a CGN, the 
payment is noted on a schedule thereto and, in respect of an NGN, the payment is entered pro rata in the 
records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 4(h) (Redemption at the 
option of holders of Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 4(h) 
(Redemption at the option of holders of Notes) of the Italian Law Notes, the bearer of the Permanent 
Global Note must, within the period specified in the relevant Conditions for the deposit of the relevant 
Note and Put Option Notice, give written notice of such exercise to the Fiscal Agent specifying the 
principal amount of Notes in respect of which such option is being exercised. Any such notice will be 
irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 4(f) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 
Condition 4(f) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law 
Notes, as the case may be, in relation to some only of the Notes, the Permanent Global Note may be 
redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the relevant Issuer in accordance with the relevant 
Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the Conditions but in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system, at their discretion, as either a pool factor or a reduction in 
principal amount). 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 12 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
and Condition 12 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes, as the case may be, 
while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a 
Temporary Global Note) and the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the 
Temporary Global Note are) deposited with a depositary, common depositary or common safekeeper (as 
the case may be) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system, notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall 
be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 12 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Italian Law Notes, as the case may be, on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system; provided, however, that, so long as the Notes 
are listed on the Official List of the Euronext Dublin and its rules so require, notices will also be 
published in a leading newspaper having general circulation in Ireland or on the website of the Euronext 
Dublin (www.ise.ie).

--- Page 153 ---
145 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
General Funding and Regulatory Capital 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the net proceeds from each Tranche of Notes will 
be used by the Issuer for its general funding purposes and to improve the regulatory capital structure of 
the Issuer.  
Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds 
If the Tranche of the Notes to be issued is described as Green Bonds and/or Social Bonds and/or 
Sustainability Bonds, the relevant Final Terms will describe the relevant projects to which the net 
proceeds of the Tranche of Notes will be applied, including by reference to the relevant bond framework 
and where further details of the relevant projects will be available. In accordance with the relevant 
definition criteria set out by the International Capital Market Association (“ICMA”) from time to time:  
(a) 
only Tranches of Notes financing or refinancing Eligible Green Projects will be denominated 
“Green Bonds”;  
(b) 
only Tranches of Notes financing or refinancing Eligible Social Projects will be denominated 
“Social Bonds”; and 
(c) 
only Tranches of Notes financing or refinancing Eligible Sustainability Projects will be 
denominated “Sustainability Bonds”.  
In the event of a project divestment or if a project no longer meets the eligibility criteria, an amount equal 
to the net proceeds of the “Green Bonds”, “Social Bond” or “Sustainability Bonds” will be used to 
finance or refinance other projects qualifying as Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects or 
Eligible Sustainability Projects, as the case may be.  
Green Bonds 
Eligible Green Projects have been defined in accordance with the broad categorisation of eligibility for 
green projects set out in the Green Bond Principles published by ICMA. For the purpose of this section, 
“Eligible Green Projects” include projects aimed at addressing the key climate change concerns referred 
to in the “Mediobanca Green and Sustainable Bond Framework” published in the relevant section of the 
Issuer’s 
website 
https://www.mediobanca.com/static/upload_new/med/mediobanca_green_sustainable_bond_framework.p
df. 
Social Bonds 
Eligible Social Projects have been defined in accordance with the broad categorisation of eligibility for 
social projects set out in the Social Bond Principles published by ICMA. For the purpose of this section, 
“Eligible Social Projects” include projects aimed at providing and/or promoting the social projects 
referred to in the “Mediobanca Green and Sustainable Bond Framework” published in the relevant 
section 
of 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
https://www.mediobanca.com/static/upload_new/med/mediobanca_green_sustainable_bond_framework.p
df.  
Sustainability Bonds 
For the purpose of this section, “Eligible Sustainability Projects” means projects with positive 
environmental and social outcomes, in accordance with the applicable Sustainability Bond Guidelines 
published by ICMA (involving a combination of its Green Bond Principles and Social Bond Principles), 
as further specified in the “Mediobanca Green and Sustainable Bond Framework” published in the 
relevant 
section 
of 
the 
Issuer’s 
website

--- Page 154 ---
146 
 
 
https://www.mediobanca.com/static/upload_new/med/mediobanca_green_sustainable_bond_framework.p
df. 
Second-party Opinion 
Where the Final Terms specify that the proceeds to the Notes will be used to finance or refinance Eligible 
Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects or Eligible Sustainability Projects (in whole or in part), the Issuer 
may appoint consultants and/or institutions with recognised expertise in environmental sustainability to 
issue a second-party opinion (a “Second-party Opinion”) attesting that the relevant projects have been 
defined in accordance with the broad categorisation of eligibility for those projects set out by ICMA. 
The Final Terms relating to such Notes will specify (to the extent known at the relevant date):  
(i) 
further details of the Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects or Eligible Sustainability 
Projects selected by the Issuer for financing and/or refinancing with the net proceeds of the issue 
of the Notes;  
(ii) 
where a list of the relevant projects is or will be available for viewing by Noteholders; and 
(iii) 
details of periodic updates, including an updated list of the relevant projects financed and/or 
refinanced with the net proceeds of the Notes, the amounts allocated and their expected impact, 
any ongoing process of verification, information on key performance indicators relating to such 
projects and where that information will be made available for viewing by Noteholders.

--- Page 155 ---
147 
 
 
INFORMATION ON MEDIOBANCA - BANCA DI CREDITO FINANZIARIO S.P.A. 
This section of the Base Prospectus reflects the contents of certain information contained in the audited 
consolidated annual financial statements of Mediobanca and the audited non-consolidated annual 
financial statements of Mediobanca International as at and for the years ended 30 June 2020 and 2019.  
HISTORY AND DEVELOPMENT OF MEDIOBANCA 
Legal status and information 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. was set up on 10 April 1946 by virtue of a notarial 
deed drawn up by Notary public Arturo Lovato, file no. 3041/52378. Mediobanca is a joint stock 
company incorporated under Italian law registered in the Milan-Monza-Brianza-Lodi Companies’ 
Register under Registration no. 00714490158 having its registered office and administrative headquarters 
in Piazzetta Enrico Cuccia 1, 20121 Milan, Italy, tel. No.: (0039) 02-88291. The LEI code of Mediobanca 
is: PSNL19R2RXX5U3QWHI44. Mediobanca operates under Italian law, and the court of Milan has 
jurisdiction over any disputes arising against it. 
Important events in Mediobanca’s recent history  
Neither Mediobanca nor any company in the Group have carried out transactions that have materially 
affected or that might be reasonably expected to materially affect, Mediobanca’s ability to meet its 
obligations towards third parties. 
On 12 November 2019, the Board of Directors of Mediobanca has approved and published the 2019/2023 
strategic plan, setting out certain objectives to be achieved within June 2023, based on the growth of 
highly-profitable banking activities and the development of all the Mediobanca Group divisions (Wealth 
Management, Consumer Banking and Corporate & Investment Banking). 
Following the downgrade by Fitch of the Republic of Italy’s sovereign ratings announced on 28 April 
2020, as at 5 June 2020, Fitch rated Mediobanca F3 (short-term Issuer Default Rating “IDR”), BBB- 
(long-term IDR) and stable (outlook) – see www.mediobanca.com/en/investor-relations/financing-
rating/rating.html. 
As at 29 October 2020, S&P rated Mediobanca A-2 (short-term Issuer Credit Rating “ICR”), BBB (long-
term ICR), BBB (long-term ICR) and negative (outlook) – see www.mediobanca.com/en/investor-
relations/financing-rating/rating.html. 
As at 14 October 2020 Moody’s rated Mediobanca P-2 (short-term Counterparty Risk and Deposits 
Rating), Baa1 (long-term Counterparty Risk and Deposits Rating) and stable (outlook) – see 
www.mediobanca.com/en/investor-relations/financing-rating/rating.html.  
 
For an explanation of the rating given by S&P please see below the S&P rating scale: 
LONG TERM 
obligations with an original maturity of more than 
one year 
SHORT TERM 
obligations with an original maturity of no more 
than one year 
Investment grade 
AAA 
The obligor’s capacity to meet its financial 
commitment on the obligation is extremely strong. 
 
AA 
Investment grade 
A-1 
The obligor’s capacity to meet its financial 
commitment on the obligation is strong. Within this 
category, certain obligations are designated with a 
plus sign (+). This indicates that the obligor’s 
capacity to meet its financial commitment on these 
obligations is extremely strong.

--- Page 156 ---
148 
 
 
The obligor’s capacity to meet its financial 
commitment on the obligation is very strong. An 
obligation rated ‘AA’ differs from the highest-
rated obligations only to a small degree. 
A 
The obligation is somewhat more susceptible to the 
adverse effects of changes in circumstances and 
economic conditions than obligations in higher-
rated categories. However, the obligor’s capacity 
to meet its financial commitment on the obligation 
is still strong. 
BBB 
The 
obligation 
exhibits 
adequate 
protection 
parameters. 
However, 
adverse 
economic 
conditions or changing circumstances are more 
likely to lead to a weakened capacity of the obligor 
to meet its financial commitment on the obligation. 
A-2 
The obligation is somewhat more susceptible to the 
adverse effects of changes in circumstances and 
economic conditions than obligations in higher 
rating categories. However, the obligor’s capacity 
to meet its financial commitment on the obligation 
is satisfactory. 
A-3 
The 
obligation 
exhibits 
adequate 
protection 
parameters. However, adverse economic conditions 
or changing circumstances are more likely to lead 
to a weakened capacity of the obligor to meet its 
financial commitment on the obligation. 
(Source: Standard & Poor’s) 
 
LONG TERM 
obligations with an original maturity of more than 
one year 
SHORT TERM 
obligations with an original maturity of less than 
one year 
Speculative grade 
BB 
The obligation is less vulnerable to nonpayment 
than other speculative issues. However, it faces 
major ongoing uncertainties or exposure to adverse 
business, financial, or economic conditions which 
could lead to the obligor’s inadequate capacity to 
meet its financial commitment on the obligation. 
B 
The obligation is more vulnerable to nonpayment 
than obligations rated ‘BB’, but the obligor 
currently has the capacity to meet its financial 
commitment on the obligation. Adverse business, 
financial, or economic conditions will likely impair 
the obligor’s capacity or willingness to meet its 
financial commitment on the obligation. 
CCC 
The 
obligation 
is 
currently 
vulnerable 
to 
nonpayment, and is dependent upon favorable 
business, financial, and economic conditions for 
the obligor to meet its financial commitment on the 
obligation. In the event of adverse business, 
financial, or economic conditions, the obligor is 
not likely to have the capacity to meet its financial 
Speculative grade 
B 
The obligation is regarded as having significant 
speculative characteristics. The obligor currently 
has the capacity to meet its financial commitment 
on the obligation; however, it faces major ongoing 
uncertainties which could lead to the obligor’s 
inadequate 
capacity 
to 
meet 
its 
financial 
commitment on the obligation. 
B -1 
The obligation is regarded as having significant 
speculative characteristics, but the obligor has a 
relatively stronger capacity to meet its financial 
commitments over the short-term compared to 
other speculative-grade obligors. 
B -2 
The obligation is regarded as having significant 
speculative characteristics, and the obligor has an 
average speculative-grade capacity to meet its 
financial 
commitments 
over 
the 
short-term 
compared to other speculative-grade obligors. 
B -3 
The obligation is regarded as having significant

--- Page 157 ---
149 
 
 
commitment on the obligation. 
CC 
The obligation is currently highly vulnerable to 
nonpayment. 
C 
A ‘C’ rating is assigned to obligations that are 
currently 
highly 
vulnerable 
to 
nonpayment, 
obligations that have payment arrearages allowed 
by the terms of the documents, or obligations of an 
issuer that is the subject of a bankruptcy petition or 
similar action which have not experienced a 
payment default. 
D 
The obligation is in payment default. The ‘D’ 
rating category is used when payments on an 
obligation, 
including 
a 
regulatory 
capital 
instrument, are not made on the date due even if 
the applicable grace period has not expired, unless 
Standard & Poor’s believes that such payments 
will be made during such grace period. 
speculative characteristics, and the obligor has a 
relatively weaker capacity to meet its financial 
commitments over the short-term compared to 
other speculative-grade obligors. 
C 
The 
obligation 
is 
currently 
vulnerable 
to 
nonpayment and is dependent upon favorable 
business, financial, and economic conditions for the 
obligor to meet its financial commitment on the 
obligation. 
D 
The obligation is in payment default. The ‘D’ rating 
category is used when payments on an obligation, 
including a regulatory capital instrument, are not 
made on the date due even if the applicable grace 
period has not expired, unless Standard & Poor’s 
believes that such payments will be made during 
such grace period 
NB:  ratings from “AA” to “CCC” inclusive can be modified by adding the “+” or “-” minus sign to 
specify the position. 
 
For an explanation of the rating given by Fitch please see below the Fitch rating scale: 
LONG TERM 
obligations with an original maturity of more than 
one year 
SHORT TERM 
obligations with an original maturity of no more 
than one year 
Investment grade 
AAA 
Denote the lowest expectation of default risk. They 
are assigned only in cases of exceptionally strong 
capacity for payment of financial commitments. 
This capacity is highly unlikely to be adversely 
affected by foreseeable events. 
AA 
Denote expectations of very low default risk. They 
indicate very strong capacity for payment of 
financial commitments. This capacity is not 
significantly vulnerable to foreseeable events. 
A 
Denote expectations of low default risk. The 
capacity for payment of financial commitments is 
considered strong. This capacity may, nevertheless, 
be more vulnerable to adverse business or 
Investment grade 
F-1 
Indicates the strongest intrinsic capacity for timely 
payment of financial commitments; may have an 
added “+” to denote any exceptionally strong credit 
feature. 
F-2 
Good intrinsic capacity for timely payment of 
financial commitments. 
F-3 
The intrinsic capacity for timely payment of 
financial commitments is adequate.

--- Page 158 ---
150 
 
 
economic conditions than is the case for higher 
ratings 
BBB 
Indicate that expectations of default risk are 
currently low. The capacity for payment of 
financial commitments is considered adequate but 
adverse business or economic conditions are more 
likely to impair this capacity. 
(Source: Fitch Ratings) 
 
LONG TERM 
obligations with an original maturity of more than 
one year 
SHORT TERM 
obligations with an original maturity of less than 
one year 
Speculative grade 
BB 
Indicate an elevated vulnerability to default risk, 
particularly in the event of adverse changes in 
business or economic conditions over time; 
however, business or financial flexibility exists 
which 
supports 
the 
servicing 
of 
financial 
commitments. 
B 
Indicate that material default risk is present, but a 
limited margin of safety remains. Financial 
commitments are currently being met; however, 
capacity for continued payment is vulnerable to 
deterioration in the business and economic 
environment. 
CCC 
Default is a real possibility. 
CC 
Default of some kind appears probable. 
C 
Default is imminent or inevitable, or the issuer is in 
standstill. 
RD 
Indicate an issuer that in Fitch Ratings’ opinion has 
entered into bankruptcy filings, administration, 
receivership, liquidation or other formal winding-
up procedure, or which has otherwise ceased 
business. 
Speculative grade 
B 
Minimal capacity for timely payment of financial 
commitments, plus heightened vulnerability to near 
term adverse changes in financial and economic 
conditions. 
C 
Default is a real possibility. 
RD 
Indicates an entity that has defaulted on one or 
more of its financial commitments, although it 
continues to meet other financial obligations. 
Applicable to entity ratings only. 
D 
Indicates a broad-based default event for an entity, 
or the default of a short-term obligation.

--- Page 159 ---
151 
 
 
For an explanation of the rating given by Moody's please see below the Moody's rating scale: 
LONG TERM 
obligations with an original maturity of more than one year 
Aaa  
Obligations rated Aaa are judged to be of the highest quality, subject to the lowest level of credit risk. 
Aa 
Obligations rated Aa are judged to be of high quality and are subject to very low credit risk.  
A  
Obligations rated A are judged to be upper-medium grade and are subject to low credit risk.  
Baa  
Obligations rated Baa are judged to be medium-grade and subject to moderate credit risk and as such may 
possess certain speculative characteristics.  
Ba  
Obligations rated Ba are judged to be speculative and are subject to substantial credit risk.  
B  
Obligations rated B are considered speculative and are subject to high credit risk.  
Caa  
Obligations rated Caa are judged to be speculative of poor standing and are subject to very high credit 
risk.  
Ca  
Obligations rated Ca are highly speculative and are likely in, or very near, default, with some prospect of 
recovery of principal and interest.  
C  
Obligations rated C are the lowest rated and are typically in default, with little prospect for recovery of 
principal or interest. 
Note: Moody’s appends numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each generic rating classification from Aa through Caa. The modifier 1 
indicates that the obligation ranks in the higher end of its generic rating category; the modifier 2 indicates a mid-range ranking; and 
the modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating category. Additionally, a “(hyb)” indicator is appended to 
all ratings of hybrid securities issued by banks, insurers, finance companies, and securities firms. 
(Source: Moody’s) 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (formerly, Standard & Poor’s Credit Market Services Italy S.r.l.) 
(“S&P”), Fitch Italia S.p.A. (“Fitch”) and Moody’s Investors Service Ltd. (“Moody’s”) are credit rating 
agencies which are established in the European Community and have been registered in accordance with 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as subsequently amended and supplemented) (the “CRA”). As such, 
S&P, Fitch and Moody’s are included in the latest list of credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website in accordance with the CRA – see 
www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/creditrating-agencies/risk.

--- Page 160 ---
152 
 
 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW  
Principal activities 
As provided in Article 3 of the company’s Articles of Association, the purpose of the company is to raise 
funds and provide credit in any of the forms permitted, especially medium- and long-term credit to 
corporates. 
In complying with the regulatory provisions in force, the company may perform all banking, financial and 
brokerage operations and services, and any other operation instrumental or otherwise related to the 
achievement of its corporate purpose. 
The Mediobanca Group’s are segmented as follows: 
 
Wealth Management (WM): this division brings together all asset management activities provided 
to clients in the following segments: 
 Affluent & Premier, served by CheBanca!; 
 Private & HNWI, served in Italy by Mediobanca Private Banking, and in the Principality of 
Monaco by Compagnie Monégasque de Banque, including fiduciary activities performed by 
Spafid, Spafid Family Office SIM and Spafid Trust; 
 Asset Management, the principal entities in which are the product factories Cairn Capital 
(alternative AM), RAM Active Investments (alternative AM), Mediobanca Management 
Company and Mediobanca SGR. 
 
Corporate & Investment Banking (CIB): this division brings together all services provided to 
corporate clients: 
 Wholesale Banking (WB): Client Business (lending, advisory, and capital market activities) and 
proprietary trading performed by Mediobanca, Mediobanca International, Mediobanca Securities 
and Messier Maris & Associés; 
 Specialty Finance, which comprises factoring and credit management (including acquisition and 
management of NPL portfolios) performed by MBFACTA, MB Credit Solutions and the newly-
set up MBContact Solutions. 
 
Consumer Banking (CB): this division provides retail clients with the full range of consumer credit 
products, ranging from personal loans to salary-backed finance (Compass and Futuro). It also 
includes Compass RE, which reinsures risks linked to the insurance policies sold to clients, and the 
newly-established Compass Rent, which rents out moveable assets, in particular second-hand 
vehicles; 
 
Principal Investing (PI): this division brings together the Group’s portfolio of equity investments 
and holdings, including the stake in Assicurazioni Generali; 
 
Holding Functions: this division houses, in addition to SelmaBipiemme Leasing, MIS, Spafid 
Connect, Ricerche e Studi and Prominvestment, the Group’s centralized cost centres, including the 
Group’s Treasury and ALM activities (with the objective of optimizing funding and liquidity 
management on a consolidated basis, including securities held as part of the banking book), 
operations, support functions (planning and financial reporting, corporate affairs, investor relations,

--- Page 161 ---
153 
 
 
etc.), senior company management and the control units (Risk Management, Group Audit and 
Compliance) for the share not attributable to the other business lines. 
As at 30 June 2020, Mediobanca had a market capitalization of approx. €5.7bn. 
Consolidated financial data as at 30/6/2020 
Profit and loss 
account (€m) 
Corporate & 
Investment 
Banking 
Consumer 
Wealth 
Management 
Principal 
investing 
Holding 
Functions 
Total 
Net interest 
income 
271.4 
948 
271.0 
-7.1 
-55.0 
1,442.2 
Total income 
575.1 
1,070.6 
583.8 
312.8 
-6.9 
2,513.0 
Profit before tax 
275.4 
438.0 
113.8 
297.6 
-259.3 
795.3 
Net profit 
180.7 
296.6 
80.4 
295.0 
-183.7 
600.4 
* 
Source: Mediobanca audited consolidated annual financial statement as at and for the 
year ended on 30 June 2020” 
Affluent & Premier – CheBanca! 
Mediobanca operates in retail banking through its subsidiary CheBanca!. This subsidiary, launched in 
2008, effectively served as retail deposit gatherer for the Mediobanca Group throughout the financial 
crisis. In the last six it has developed a distribution model which is innovative, transparent and with high 
technology content, while at the same time refocusing its mission from deposit gatherer to wealth 
manager), and now has TFAs of €27.8bn. 
Today CheBanca! is distinguished by its: 
 
High brand recognition; 
 
Effective, innovative multi-channel distribution (internet, 192 own branches/POS, 414 FAs and 454 
relationship managers); 
 
Substantial customer base (approx. 880,000 clients); 
 
Strong commercial results: €15.3bn in deposits, €12.5bn in AUM, and a loan book of €10.2bn in 
mortgage lending. 
At 30 June 2020, the company employed a total of 1,430 staff. 
Private & HNWIs 
The product/service offering to clients is split between: 
 
MB Private Banking offers private banking services through its 85 bankers and nine branch offices, 
working to help develop asset management activities and the mid-cap platform. The Mediobanca 
Private Banking product offering for high net worth clients includes portfolio management, advisory 
and financing services. Independence, operational autonomy, focus on private banking activities, and 
excellence and quality of service, are the hallmarks of a bank which has approx. €15bn in in assets 
under management at its branches in Bergamo, Bologna, Brescia, Cesena, Florence, Genoa, Milan, 
Padua, Parma, Rome, Turin and Treviso. 
 
Compagnie Monégasque de Banque ("CMB") is 100%-owned by Mediobanca. Compagnie 
Monégasque de Banque, a market leader in the private banking sector in the Principality of Monaco, 
has assets under management of approximately €11bn. Its geographical position, indepth knowledge

--- Page 162 ---
154 
 
 
of markets and absolute independence make it a player of primary importance, able to provide 
exclusive services to its clientèle, ranging from loans to asset management. 
 
Spafid, 100%-owned by Mediobanca, this company provides fiduciary administration services for 
equity investments, stock market investments and fiduciary services for issuers. 
MB Asset Management 
The product factories forming part of the Wealth Management division include Cairn Capital, RAM 
Active Investments and MB SGR. 
 
Cairn Capital, a 51% stake in which was completed in December 2015 (the percentage stake 
currently owned is 70.9%1), is an asset manager and advisor based in London, specializing in credit 
products. 
 
RAM Active Investments, a 69% stake in which was acquired in March 2018, is one of the leading 
European systematic asset managers, offering alternative funds to a vast range of institutional and 
professional investors.  
 
Mediobanca SGR, set up in 2017 following the merger of Banca Esperia into Mediobanca S.p.A., 
plays a key role in defining investment strategies and developing innovative products.  
Consumer Credit – Compass Banca (Compass) 
Mediobanca has operated in the consumer credit sector since the 1960s through its subsidiary Compass. 
Compass today is one of the leading consumer credit operators on the Italian market, with a market share 
of approx. 12%. 
Compass offers a wide range of products (personal loans, special purpose loans for acquisition of 
consumer durable goods, credit cards and salary-backed finance), using a highly diversified distribution 
network consisting of 172 own branches, branches run by agents (41) and Compass Quinto branches (48), 
distribution agreements with banking partners and retailers (including BancoPosta). 
In the financial year ended 30 June 2020, Compass reported a loan book of approx. €13bn and a 
headcount of 1,441 staff. 
Wholesale Banking 
Mediobanca seeks to provide its corporate clients with advisory services and financial services to help 
them grow and develop. 
The Wholesale Banking division consists of two divisions of its own: Client Business and Proprietary 
Trading. 
The Wholesale Banking Client Business division comprises three units: Corporate Finance, Lending and 
Structured Finance, and Capital Markets. 
. 
1. 
Corporate finance 
Mediobanca is a leader in Italy, and has an increasingly significant role at the European level in financial 
advisory services through its branch offices in London, Paris, Frankfurt and Madrid, and through Messier 
                                                          
1  
In December 2019, Cairn Capital Group Limited implemented a capital increase, in which Mediobanca subscribed to the amount allocated to it pro rata, and also the 
rights not taken up by the other shareholders. As a result, the Bank’s investment in Cairn Capital increased to 63.5%, and certain call options were exercised, further 
increasing its investment to 70.93%.

--- Page 163 ---
155 
 
 
Maris & Associés, in which it holds a 66.4% stake. A client-based approach is adopted, backed by 
indepth knowledge of the financial issues and a consolidated track record in executing deals. The 
operating unit is organized into different industry teams covering individual industries to provide more 
effective specialization. 
Corporate finance is structured into the following activities: 
 
Defining strategic objectives for companies and identifying extraordinary financing transactions in 
order to help meet them; 
 
Extraordinary financing transactions: mergers and acquisitions, joint ventures and partnerships, 
disposals and spinoffs; 
 
Liability restructuring: earnings/financial analysis of companies/groups undergoing restructuring; 
working out financial rebalancing scenarios; negotiating with key creditors; 
 
Corporate restructuring: LBOs, MBOs, spinoffs and tax-/inheritance-related issues; 
 
Company valuations, on a standalone basis and for purposes of setting exchange ratios; 
 
Relations with authorities: assistance in handling relations with market authorities, primarily Consob 
and Borsa Italiana. 
Messier Maris & Associés 
Founded at year-end 2010, Messier Maris & Associés is today one of the leading corporate finance 
boutiques in France, with a loyal customer base at international as well as domestic level. 
MMA specializes in M&A advisory services to large and medium-sized companies and financial 
sponsors’ activity. The company also has operations in debt and capital advisory and debt restructuring. It 
is headquartered in Paris, with offices in New York, and currently employs around 40 professionals. 
2. 
Lending & Structured Finance 
The Financing teams serve Mediobanca’s Italian and international customers, through the branch offices 
located in Paris, Frankfurt, London and Madrid, to offer: 
 
Advice in evaluating possible capital structures and financing solutions available from among a vast 
series of debt products, including considering possible implications in terms of rating; 
 
Structuring and executing lending transactions; 
 
Access to the international syndicated loans market; 
 
Facility and security agent services for corporate and structured lending transactions. 
The principal Lending & Structured Finance area products are: 
 
Corporate lending (bilateral loans, club deals and syndicated loans): corporate loans aimed at 
supporting customers’ financial requirements generated by investments or related to their companies’ 
growth; the financial solutions offered are aimed primarily at medium-/large-sized firms operating on 
domestic and international markets, in industrial and service-based sectors.

--- Page 164 ---
156 
 
 
 
Structured finance (acquisition finance, loans for LBOs/MBOs, project finance, infrastructure 
finance, real estate finance): financial support to corporate counterparties and institutional investors 
as part of leveraged transactions to acquire stakes in listed and unlisted companies; a wide range of 
lending transactions are developed, arranged, structured, underwritten and executed based on 
complex structures, and because of their size these are often syndicated on the international market. 
On the back of its solid track record in various sectors, customers are provided with advisory services 
covering the entire process of structuring deals to support investment and infrastructure or industrial 
projects, including offering strategies, selection of the most effective debt instruments, hedging 
strategies, financial modelling and structuring contracts. 
Mediobanca International 
Mediobanca International’s business is focused primarily on corporate lending (bilateral loans, club deals, 
and syndicated loans) and structured finance (acquisition finance, LBOs/MBOs, project finance, 
infrastructure finance and real estate finance). These activities are financed through funds raised on 
International markets by specific programmes of issuance (notes, structured notes, certificates, warrants, 
European tradable commercial paper, Euro commercial paper, etc.), short-term and medium-term, the 
majority of which are guaranteed by Mediobanca S.p.A. 
3. 
Capital Markets 
Mediobanca operates on both the primary and secondary markets, trading equities and fixed-income 
securities, foreign exchange products and credit risk, interest rate and exchange rate derivatives. 
In the equity market (primary and secondary), activity is divided into the following areas: 
 
Equity capital markets: Mediobanca is the Italian leader and has a role of increasing importance 
internationally in structuring, co-ordinating and executing equity capital markets transactions, such as 
IPOs, rights issues, secondary offerings and ABOs, and bonds convertible into equity solutions 
(equity derivatives to manage investments and treasury shares): this unit structures and implements 
extraordinary financing transactions involving equity investments and treasury shares; using a 
dedicated trading platform, the team offers customers innovative, high value-added solutions, and 
also handles any legal, accounting, tax and regulatory issues; 
 
Equity derivatives institutional marketing: a range of equity-linked investments are offered to 
banks, insurances, asset managers and family offices, from synthetic replications of simple 
underlying assets to sophisticated protection mechanisms and solutions for increasing the return on 
portfolios, funded or unfunded; 
 
MB Securities: this is Mediobanca’s equity brokerage division, offering global access to equity 
markets and research on the Italian market (over 100 companies are covered), plus a pan-European 
focus on the financials sector (banks and insurances); a dedicated team also offers corporate broking 
services. 
As for the debt market, the activity is divided into the following areas of operation: 
 
Debt capital market: this team originates, structures, executes and places corporate and financial 
bond issues, covered bonds and securitizations to meet its customers’ financing needs; 
 
CMS: this area structures solutions based on interest rates, credit and alternative products; it targets 
corporate clients, banks and institutional investors who need to restructure their investment 
portfolios, increase asset liquidity and diversify their sources of funding. Advisory services and 
structuring ad hoc solutions for alternative investments targets institutional investors;

--- Page 165 ---
157 
 
 
4. 
Proprietary trading 
Proprietary trading: consists of two units: 
 
Trading portfolio (HFT Credit, HFT Fixed income, xVA, Global Macro): this unit is responsible 
for the bond trading portfolio and for centralized management of cross value adjustments, supporting 
both the strategic portfolio & ALM and the Group companies; 
 
Equity & Derivatives Trading: this unit is responsible for the Bank’s trading activities in various 
equity market products (equities and derivatives products). 
5. 
Specialty Finance 
Our Specialty Finance activities include managing and financing credit and working capital. We have 
operations in factoring with MBFACTA and in the credit management sector with MBCredit Solutions. 
 
MBCredit Solutions has for many years performed credit recovery activities (on behalf of the Group 
companies and third parties) and NPL portfolio acquisitions. 
 
MBFACTA provides trade receivables sale and discount services (with and without recourse, 
maturity, supply credit) to refinance corporate working capital. As well as the financial benefits, this 
service can also include an insurance component (guarantee against insolvency or delays in 
payments) and/or a management component (portfolio management, accounting, collection and 
recovery). The factoring platform’s factoring offering is tailored specifically to developing the Mid 
Corporate segment in synergy with the other services offered by CIB to this category of firm. 
Principal investing 
Mediobanca has an equity portfolio of investments made over time, consisting of minority stakes in 
leading Italian and international companies, most of which are listed. As a result of the recent 
introduction of tighter regulations on regulatory capital and the Bank’s desire to concentrate more on 
highly-specialized banking activities, this portfolio of investments is in the process of being reduced. The 
Bank’s investment in Assicurazioni Generali is assigned to the Principal Investing division, in view of its 
size and the value option which the investment represents for the Group in terms of available, liquid 
resources that can be activated in the event of growth acquisitions materializing. 
Company 
Sector 
% of share capital 
Book value as at 
30/6/20 
 
 
 
€m 
Assicurazioni 
Generali 
Insurance 
12.9% 
3,163.4 
 
Leasing 
Mediobanca owns a direct 60% stake in SelmaBipiemme Leasing, with the other 40% held by the Banca 
Popolare di Milano. The group operates in financial leasing. 
Treasury 
The Group’s Treasury and ALM units are centralized at parent company level with the objective of 
optimizing funding and liquidity management. The Proprietary Funding division is responsible for 
structuring, issuing and placing debt products, the proceeds from which are used to finance the Bank’s 
activities. Funding operations, supported by Mediobanca’s high credit rating, take the form primarily of

--- Page 166 ---
158 
 
 
the issuance of securities, both plain vanilla and structured. Securities are placed with retail investors 
through public offerings (implemented via the CheBanca! proprietary network, through individual third-
party banking networks – including BancoPosta – either on an exclusive basis or via groups of banks 
operating as syndicates), and direct sales on the MOT bond market operated by Borsa Italiana. Demand 
from institutional investors is met via public offerings of securities on the Euromarket and by private 
placements of bespoke products tailored to meet the investor’s specific requirements. 
 
New products or new activities 
Without prejudice to the contents hereof (section 5.1), no significant new products and/or services have 
been introduced that are worth being recorded or disclosed publicly. 
 
Principal markets 
The Mediobanca Group’s activities are principally focused on the domestic market (from a geographical 
standpoint Italy accounts for approx. 80% of the Group’s loan book). In particular: 
 
Corporate & Investment Banking (CIB): half the revenues and loan book for this division is 
originated by the Italian market, the other half by other countries (notably France, Germany, Spain 
and the United Kingdom): the division employs some 630 staff, around 155 of whom are based 
outside Italy; 
 
Consumer Banking: activities focus exclusively on the Italian market, and employ approx. 1,441 
staff at 261 branches/agencies; 
 
Wealth Management (WM): this division’s activity is focused primarily on the Italian market, with 
the exception of CMB (which operates in the Principality of Monaco), RAM AI (which operates 
throughout Europe from its headquarters in Switzerland), and Cairn Capital (which operates in the 
United Kingdom); and employs 2,021 staff, with approx. 1,000 FAs/relationship managers, and 117 
branches; 
 
Leasing activities chiefly target the domestic market. 
With reference to other markets, on 31 January 2020, the United Kingdom officially withdrew from the 
European Union, whose effectiveness is suspended until 31 December 2020. During the transitional 
period, Mediobanca will continue to implement the plan to adapt to the new scenario which, in 
accordance with the recommendations provided by the European Central Bank and in light of the Group's 
relatively contained activity in the UK (approximately 3% of total revenues), envisages the return to the 
EU territory (mainly in the Milan, Paris and Madrid offices) of 15 employees belonging to front office 
functions, including key figures. The Group will continue to operate in Great Britain through the 
subsidiary of Mediobanca S.p.A. (based on a different authorization regime) and the subsidiary Cairn 
Capital, subject to further changes that may arise in the course of negotiations, which are continuously 
monitored by an internal working group within the Issuer in collaboration with the competent Supervisory 
Authorities.

--- Page 167 ---
159 
 
 
ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE  
Description of organizational structure of group headed up by Mediobanca 
Mediobanca is the parent company of the Mediobanca Banking Group.  
The Mediobanca Group is registered as a banking group in the register instituted by the Bank of Italy. 
The following diagram illustrates the structure of the Mediobanca Group as at the date hereof. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Subsidiaries and main investee companies

--- Page 168 ---
160 
 
 
A list of the main Group companies included in the area of consolidation for the consolidated financial 
statements as at the date of this document is shown below: 
Group companies 
COMPASS Banca S.p.A. 
Italy 
100% 
(dir.) 
CHEBANCA! S.p.A. 
Italy 
100% 
(dir.) 
SELMABIPIEMME LEASING S.p.A. 
Italy 
60% 
(dir.) 
Compagnie Monégasque de Banque S.A.M. 
Principality 
of 
Monaco 
100% 
(dir.) 
MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (Luxembourg) 
S.A.* 
Luxembourg 
100%1 
(dir.) 
SPAFID S.p.A. 
Italy 
100% 
(dir.) 
SPAFID TRUST S.r.l. 
Italy 
100% 
(indir.) 
SPAFID CONNECT S.p.A. 
Italy 
100% 
(indir.) 
MEDIOBANCA SECURITIES USA LLC 
United States 
100% 
(dir.) 
Mediobanca SGR S.p.A. 
Italy 
100% 
(dir.) 
Mediobanca Management Company S.A. 
Luxembourg 
100% 
(dir.) 
MBCREDIT SOLUTIONS S.p.A. 
Italy 
100% 
(indir.) 
RICERCHE E STUDI S.p.A.** 
Italy 
100% 
(dir.) 
Mediobanca Innovation Services S.c.p.A 
Italy 
99.99% 
(dir.) 
FUTURO S.p.A. 
Italy 
100% 
(indir.) 
PROMINVESTMENT S.p.A. in liquidation 
Italy 
100% 
(dir.) 
MBFACTA S.p.A. 
Italy 
100% 
(dir.) 
QUARZO S.r.l. 
Italy 
90% 
(indir.) 
QUARZO CQS S.r.l. 
 
Italy 
90% 
(indir.) 
MB COVERED BOND S.r.l. 
Italy 
90% 
(indir.) 
C.M.B. ASSET MANAGEMENT S.A.M. 
Principality 
of 
Monaco 
99.10% 
(indir.) 
C.M.G. COMP. MONEG. D.G. S.A.M. 
Principality 
of 
Monaco 
99.92% 
(indir.) 
CMB WEALTH MANAGEMENT (in liquidation) 
United Kingdom  
100% 
(dir.) 
COMPASS RE S.A.** 
Luxembourg 
100% 
(indir.) 
MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL IMMOBILIERE 
S.à r.l. 
Luxembourg 
100% 
(indir.) 
CAIRN CAPITAL GROUP Ltd 
United Kingdom 
75.6% 
(dir.)

--- Page 169 ---
161 
 
 
Group companies 
CAIRN CAPITAL Ltd 
United Kingdom 
75.6% 
(indir.) 
CAIRN CAPITAL NORTH AMERICA Inc. (not 
operative) 
United States 
75.6% 
(indir.) 
CAIRN 
FINANCIAL 
GUARANTEE 
Ltd. 
(not 
operative) 
United Kingdom 
75.6% 
(indir.) 
CAIRN 
CAPITAL 
INVESTMENTS 
Ltd. 
(not 
operative) 
United Kingdom 
75.6% 
(indir.) 
CAIRN INVESTMENTS MANAGERS Ltd. (not 
operative) 
United Kingdom 
75.6% 
(indir.) 
AMPLUS FINANCE Ltd. (not operative) 
United Kingdom 
75.6% 
(indir.) 
MB FUNDING LUX S.A. 
Luxembourg 
100% 
(dir.) 
SPAFID FAMILY OFFICE SIM S.p.A. 
Italy 
100% 
(indir.) 
RAM Active Investments S.A. 
Switzerland  
69% 
(dir.) 
RAM EUROPE S.A.  
Lussemburgo 
69% 
(ind.) 
MESSIER MARIS & ASSOCIES S.A.S. 
France 
66.4% 
(dir.) 
MESSIER MARIS & ASSOCIES LLC. 
United States 
50% 
(indir.) 
MBCONTACT SOLUTIONS S.r.l.*** (active since 2 
October 2020) 
Italia 
100% 
(indir.) 
COMPASS RENT S.r.l.*** 
Italia 
100% 
(indir.) 
*1% of Compass Banca 
** It is not part of the Mediobanca Banking Group 
Forecasts or estimates of profits 
No profit forecasts or estimates have been made in the Base Prospectus. 
Information on recent trends 
Except for the developments described in the section headed “Systemic risks in connection with the 
economic/financial crisis”, in particular for the possible impact of the Covid-19 crisis, no material 
adverse changes have taken place in Mediobanca’s or the Group’s prospects since the consolidated 
financial statements as at 30 June 2020; 
Except for the developments described in the section headed “Systemic risks in connection with the 
economic/financial crisis”, in particular for the possible impact of the Covid-19 crisis, no material 
adverse changes have taken place in the financial results of Mediobanca and the Mediobanca Group since 
the most recent consolidated financial statements as at 30 June 2020. 
Information on trends, uncertainties, requests, commitments or known facts which could 
reasonably be expected to have material repercussions on the Issuer’s prospects for at least the 
current financial year 
Mediobanca is not aware of any information on trends, uncertainties, requests, commitments or facts 
known which could reasonably have significant repercussions on Mediobanca’s prospects for the current 
financial year.

--- Page 170 ---
162 
 
 
A deterioration in the medical situation due to the Covid-19 pandemic could impact further on the 
economic, social and financial situation in Italy and hence on the credit quality, capitalization and 
earnings of the Issuer which operates primarily on the Italian market. 
Mediobanca is committed to executing the strategic and operating guidelines of its 2019-23 Strategic 
Plan, confirming the intention to optimize capital, with the objective of restoring the CET1 ratio to 13.5% 
by end-June 2023, including through share buybacks and acquisitions to strengthen the business lines. 
In the uncertainty that currently characterizes the reference framework, the Group has adopted an 
operating scenario based on activities normalizing by end-December 2020. 
The government initiatives and use of moratoria have helped to preserve the quality of the loan book, 
with 90% of clients who elected to take up the initiatives offered in Consumer Banking having resumed 
payments as normal. 
Conversely, the upturn in the rate of infections from mid-September has not yet been reflected in the 
figures. Results could be affected if the restrictions introduced are of a similar level to those introduced in 
March and April of this year. At presents the measures to be adopted in the course of the next quarter to 
address the second wave of infections due to the Covid-19 pandemic are hard to predict. Lockdown, 
especially general lockdown, remains the most critical issue for new loans and the cost of risk in 
Consumer Banking and mortgage lending business; to mitigate the impact of such possible developments, 
the Group has strongly enhanced its digital platforms and the integrated development of distribution and 
credit recovery channels in the last six months. Excessive volatility on financial markets too is likely to 
impact on TFAs (in terms of NNM and market effect) and client risk appetite. 
Net interest income is expected to decrease from last year, due to lower volumes and returns in Consumer 
Banking; while fee income should remain at good levels, as should earnings from Assicurazioni Generali. 
Against this performance in revenues, operating costs are expected to rise slightly as project activities and 
commercial initiatives (advertising campaigns) gradually resume. 
The cost of risk is seen as being largely stable, while loan loss provisions in Consumer Banking, 
mortgage lending and leasing are expected to be in line with this quarter unless the macroeconomic 
scenario deteriorates further. 
 
BODIES RESPONSIBLE FOR GOVERNANCE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISION 
Information on bodies responsible for governance, management and supervision 
Information on the Bank’s bodies responsible for governance, management and supervision is provided 
below, as updated following the Annual General Meeting held on 28 October 2020. 
Changes in the composition of the governing bodies and other information related to them are published 
from time to time on the Issuer’s website at www.mediobanca.it in the relevant section 
https://www.mediobanca.com/en/corporate-governance/index.html, without prejudice to the obligations 
set out under article 94, paragraph 7, of the Italian Legislative Decree 58/98 in respect of the drawing up 
of a supplement. 
Board of Directors 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Board of Directors, appointed on 28 October 2020 for the 
2021, 2022 and 2023 financial years until the date on which the financial statements as at 30 June 2023 
will be approved, is made up of fifteen members, eleven of whom qualify as independent under Article 
148, paragraph 3 of Italian Legislative Decree 58/98, eight of which eleven also qualify as independent 
under Article 19 of the company’s Articles of Association (the requisites for which definition are 
substantially aligned with those of the voluntary code of corporate governance issued by Borsa Italiana 
S.p.A. (the “Code of Conduct”) in respect of listed companies). Its composition also reflects the legal 
requirements in terms of gender balance.

--- Page 171 ---
163 
 
 
Composition of Board of Directors 
Name 
Post held 
Place 
and 
date 
of 
birth 
Term of 
office 
expires 
 
Independence 
Principal activities performed 
outside the Issuer 
Renato 
Pagliaro 
2 
Chairman  Milan, 
20/2/57 
28/10/20 
 
Director, Istituto Europeo di 
Oncologia  
Maurizia 
Angelo 
Comneno 
1 
Deputy 
Chair 
Rome, 
18/6/48 
28/10/20 
b) 
- 
Alberto 
Nagel 
1 
CEO 
Milan, 
7/6/65 
28/10/20 
 
- 
Virginie 
Banet  
Director  
Neuilly 
sur 
Seine 
18/01/66 
28/10/23 
a) 
b) 
Chairman, lolite, Financial 
Consulting; Director, Netgem 
Director, Vallourec 
Francesco 
Saverio 
Vinci 
1 
General 
Manager 
 
Milan, 
10/11/62 
28/10/20 
 
- 
Maurizio 
Carfagna 
 
Director 
Milan, 
13/11/47 
28/10/20 
a)  
b) 
Director, FingProg Italia 
Director, Futura Invest 
Director, Istituto Europeo di 
Oncologia 
Laura Cioli 
Director 
Macerata 
10/07/63 
28/10/23 
a) 
b) 
Director, Brembo 
Director, Sofina 
Director, Autogrill 
Maurizio 
Costa 
 
Director 
Pavia, 29/10/ 
48 
28/10/20 
a) 
b) 
Director, Amplifon 
Angela 
Gamba 
 
Director 
Palazzolo 
sull’Oglio 
(BS), 
15/8/70 
28/10/20 
a) 
b) 
Director, Edison 
Director, FPS Investments S.r.l. 
Director, Medical Technology 
and Devices SA 
Valérie 
Hortefeux 
 
Director 
Aulnay 
(France), 
14/12/67 
28/10/20 
a) 
b) 
Director, Blue Solutions 
Director, Ramsay – Générale de 
Santé 
Director, Socfinasia  
Maximo 
Ibarra 
Director 
Calì 
(Colombia), 
13/12/68 
28/10/20 
a) 
b) 
CEO, Sky Italia 
Alberto 
Lupoi 
 
Director 
Rome, 
29/03/70 
28/10/20 
a) 
b) 
- 
Elisabetta 
Magistretti 
 
Director 
Busto 
Arsizio, 
21/7/47 
28/10/20 
a) 
b) 
Director, Brembo 
Director, Smeg 
Vittorio 
Pignatti-
Morano 
 
Director 
Rome, 
14/9/57 
28/10/20 
a) 
b) 
Director,Trilantic Capital 
Management GP 
Director, Trilantic Capital 
Partners Management 
Director, Trilantic Capital 
Partners V Management

--- Page 172 ---
164 
 
 
Name 
Post held 
Place 
and 
date 
of 
birth 
Term of 
office 
expires 
 
Independence 
Principal activities performed 
outside the Issuer 
Director, Ocean Ring Jersey 
Co 
Director, Ocean Trade Lux Co 
Director, Marex Group 
Director, ICS Maugeri 
Director, Edizione 
Gabriele 
Villa 
1 
 
Director 
Milan, 
18/6/64 
28/10/20 
b) 
Standing Auditor, Edison 
Standing Auditor, Italmobiliare 
 
1 Member of Executive Committee. 
2 Member of Mediobanca senior management 
a) Qualifies as independent pursuant to Article 19 of the company’s Articles of Association. 
b) Qualifies as independent pursuant to Article 148, para. 3 of the Italian Finance Act. 
 
All Board members are in possession of the requisites to hold such office set by the regulations in force at 
the time. 
The address for all members of the Board of Directors for the duties they discharge is: Piazzetta E. Cuccia 
1, Milan, Italy. 
 
Statutory Audit Committee 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Statutory Audit Committee, appointed on 28 October 2020 for 
the 2021, 2022 and 2023 financial years until the date on which the financial statements as at 30 June 
2021 will be approved, is made up of three Standing Auditors and two Alternate Auditors. 
Composition of Statutory Audit Committee: 
Name 
Post held 
Place and date 
of birth 
Term 
expires 
Principal ativities 
performed outside the 
Issuer as significant with 
respect to the Issuer 
Francesco di 
Carlo 
Chairman 
Milan, 4/10/69 28/10/23 
Director, Milano 
Investment, Partners SGR  
Elena Pagnoni Standing 
Auditor 
Colleferro 
(Rome), 
10/05/63 
28/10/23 
 
Ambrogio 
Virgilio 
Standing 
Auditor 
Bari, 05/01/56 
28/10/23 
 
Marcello 
Caradonna 
Alternate 
Auditor 
Stornara (FG), 
22/05/59 
28/10/23 
Chair, Statutory Audit 
Committee, College of 
Auditors CTI 
Chair, Statutory Audit 
Committee, ATS Milano 
Independent Director, 
Integrae SIM 
Standing Auditor, 
Titanmet

--- Page 173 ---
165 
 
 
Name 
Post held 
Place and date 
of birth 
Term 
expires 
Principal ativities 
performed outside the 
Issuer as significant with 
respect to the Issuer 
Roberto Moro Alternate 
Auditor 
Milan, 6/12/65 28/10/23 
Chair, Statutory Audit 
Committee, IRE Holding 
Standing Auditor, Antas 
Standing Auditor, Robert 
Bosch 
Standing Auditor, Energy 
Wave 
Standing Auditor, Fidiger 
Standing Auditor, 
Sevecom 
Standing Auditor, Spafid 
Sole statutory auditor, 
Compass Rent, 
MBContact Solutions, 
Quarzo 
Stefano 
Sarubbi 
Alternate 
Auditor 
Milan, 
6/12/65 
28/10/23 
Chair, Statutory Audit 
Committee, Coca Cola 
Italy 
Chair, Statutory Audit 
Committee, Infrastrutture 
Wireless Italiane – Inwiit 
CEO, Sigmagest and 
Chair, Statutory Audit 
Committee, Acque 
Minerali 
All Statutory Audit Committee members are in possession of the requisites to hold such office by law, in 
terms of fitness, professional qualifications and independence; and are all registered as auditors. 
The address for all members of the Statutory Audit Committee for the duties they discharge is: Piazzetta 
E. Cuccia 1, Milan, Italy. 
Conflicts of interest among bodies responsible for governance, management and supervision 
A ban was instituted pursuant to Article 36 of Italian Decree Law 201/11, as converted into Italian Law 
214/11, on representatives of banks, insurers and financial companies from holding positions in 
companies which operate in the same sectors. Each year the Board of Directors assesses the positions of 
the individual directors, which may have changed as a result of changes in the activities or size of the 
other companies in which they hold posts. To this end, each director, including in order to avoid potential 
conflict of interest, shall inform the Board of any changes in the positions assumed by them in the course 
of their term of office. 
Mediobanca also adopts the procedure recommended under Article 136 of the Italian Consolidated 
Banking Act for approval of transactions involving individuals who perform duties of management and 
control in other companies controlled by such parties. 
Members of the bodies responsible for governance, management and supervision are also required to 
comply with the following provisions:

--- Page 174 ---
166 
 
 
 
Article 53 of the Italian banking act and implementing regulations enacted by the Bank of Italy, in 
particular the supervisory provisions on links with related parties; 
 
Article 2391 of the Italian Civil Code (Directors’ Interests); 
 
Article 2391-bis of the Italian Civil Code (Transactions with Related Parties) ) and the Consob 
implementing regulations, in particular the Regulations on Transactions with Related Parties 
approved under resolution no. 17221 of 12 March 2010. 
Transactions with “related parties” are described in part H of the financial statements for the twelve 
months ended 30 June 2020. 
Mediobanca and its governing bodies have adopted internal measures and procedures to ensure 
compliance with the provisions referred to above. 
Main Shareholders 
Information on ownership structure 
No party controls Mediobanca according to the definition provided in Article 93 of the Italian banking 
act. 
Based on the shareholders’ register and publicly available information as at the 29 October 2020, the 
following individuals and entities own directly or indirectly financial instruments representing share 
capital with voting rights in excess of 3% of the company’s share capital, directly or indirectly, are listed 
below: 
Shareholder 
No. of shares 
% of share capital 
Leonardo Del Vecchio (1) 
87,738,958 
10.16% 
Bolloré group(2) 
59,690,987 
5.60% 
BlackRock group (3) 
44,171,756 
3.15% 
Mediolanum group 
29,095,110 
3.28%(4) 
(1) Indirect participation held via Delfin SARL (10.16%). 
(2) Of which 5.03% owned via FINANCIERE DU PERGUET SAS. 
(3) In addition to this 3.15% investment, a further stake is owned indirectly by BlackRockInc. (NY), via fifteen asset management 
subsidiaries (cf. form 120 B of 6 August 2020), 0.69% of which as potential investment and 0.13% in other long positions with 
settlement in cash.  
(4) Of which MEDIOLANUM VITA S.p.A. (0.73%) and BANCA MEDIOLANUM S.p.A. (2.55%). 
 
Updates relating to information on the main shareholders are published from time to time on the Issuer's 
website 
www.mediobanca.com 
in 
the 
relevant 
section 
https://www.mediobanca.com/it/governance/azionisti/index.html, without prejudice to the obligations set 
forth in Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation regarding the possible drafting of a supplement. 
Shareholders’ Agreement 
On 20 December 2018, certain shareholders of Mediobanca holding No. 183,887,317 shares representing 
approximately 20.73% of the share capital of the Issuer entered into a prior consultation shareholders’ 
agreement (the “Shareholders’ Agreement”) pursuant to Article 122 of the Financial Services Act and 
the Consob resolution No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as subsequently amended. Such Shareholders’ 
Agreement is effective from 1 January 2019. No provision is made in the Shareholders’ Agreement for 
commitments in terms of lock-up or votes in respect of the shares syndicated to it. As at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the Shareholders’’Agreement involves shares representing approximately 12.61% of the 
share capital of the Issuer. 
Information on the Shareholders’ Agreement may be found on the Issuer’s website at 
https://www.mediobanca.com/en/corporate-governance/main-shareholders/shareholder-consultation-

--- Page 175 ---
167 
 
 
agreement.html.  
Agreements the performance of which may result in a change of control subsequent to the date 
hereof 
Mediobanca is not aware of any agreements aimed at bringing about future changes regarding the 
ownership structure of Mediobanca. 
 
TREASURY SHARES BUY-BACK PROGRAMME 
The treasury share buyback programme, which the shareholders’ meeting had authorized at the ordinary 
on 27 October 2018 and the European Central Bank had approved on 8 November 2020, ended on 25 
March 2020. The purpose of the plan was to equip the bank with operational flexibility, providing it with 
treasury shares to use in potential acquisitions or to execute equity-based payment plans for group 
personnel. 
Mediobanca complied with the requirements of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 on the volume and 
price of buybacks and the 30-day black-out period preceding the approval of the results for the year or an 
interim financial report. Furthermore, as provided for by article 2357 of the Italian Civil Code, the 
treasury shares were purchased within the limits of distributable earnings and available reserves. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Mediobanca holds 26,611,288 treasury shares, equal to 2.99% of 
its share capital.  
 
AUDITORS OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
External auditors and auditors responsible for auditing the financial statements 
At the annual general meeting held on 27 October 2012, the shareholders of Mediobanca appointed 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. to audit the Bank’s separate and consolidated full-year and interim 
financial statements up to and including the financial year ending 30 June 2021. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. a company with its registered offices in Piazza Tre Torri 2, Milan, Italy, 
has audited the separate and consolidated financial statements of Mediobanca as at 30 June 2020 and as at 
30 June 2019. PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A is registered under No. 119644 in the Register of 
Accounting Auditors (Registro dei Revisori Legali) maintained by MEF (Ministero dell’Economia e delle 
Finanze) in compliance with the provisions of Legislative Decree No. 39 of 27 January 2010, as 
amended. 
Information regarding resignations, dismissals or failures to renew the appointment of the external 
auditors or the auditors responsible for auditing the financial statements 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, there is no information about any resignation, revocation or non-
renewal of the engagement of the external auditors or the auditors responsible for auditing the financial 
statements. 
On 28 October 2020, the Shareholders' Meeting of Mediobanca, at the proposal of the Board of Statutory 
Auditors, appointed the auditing firm Ernst & Young to audit the accounts for the financial years from 30 
June 2022 to 30 June 2030.   
 
LEGAL AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS  
As at 30 June 2020, none of the proceedings involving Mediobanca and its consolidated subsidiaries may

--- Page 176 ---
168 
 
 
have, or have had in the recent past, a material impact on the Group’s financial position or profitability, 
and as far as Mediobanca is aware, no litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings which may 
have such material impact has either been announced or is pending.  
A description of the main tax disputes and litigation pending is provided below, purely for information 
purposes: 
Litigation pending and tax disputes  
Civil Proceedings - Claim for damages  
Among the most significant legal proceedings still pending against Mediobanca there are the following 
two claims for damages made respectively by: 
 
Monte dei Paschi di Siena (“FMPS”) against – inter alia – Mediobanca, in respect of participation 
with criminal intent by virtue of an alleged non-contractual liability, jointly with the other twelve 
lender banks, for alleged damages to FMPS in connection with the execution of the Term Facility 
Agreement on 4 June 2011 and the consequent breach of FMPS’s Articles of Association (20% limit 
on debt/equity ratio) in a total amount of €286m. The case is currently pending with the court of 
Florence, waiting for the Judge to rule on the admission of the evidence asked for by the parties; 
 
Lucchini S.p.A. in A.S. (“Lucchini") against 12 banks (including Mediobanca) claiming that the 
banks would have contributed to the economic and financial distress of the company for having 
drawn up and executed an industrial and financial plan of the company based on allegedly 
unrealistic forecasts and a restructuring agreement pursuant to article 182-bis of the bankruptcy law 
which provided for guarantees excessively favourable to the banks, thus delaying Lucchini's 
submission to the extraordinary administration procedure. It should be noted that with a ruling on 21 
July 2020, the Judge rejected Lucchini's request (as amended with the first brief pursuant to Article 
183 of the Italian Criminal Code) because he deemed the right to compensation brought before the 
court to be extinguished by prescription. The possibility remains open for the company to challenge 
the judgment before the Milan Court of Appeal; 
Tax – Administrative proceedings  
With regard to the disputes pending with the tax authorities, an inspection by the Agenzia delle Entrate, 
which began in 2018 and relates to the financial years 2014/15 and 2015/16 of Mediobanca S.p.A., was 
concluded, in the context of which three macro claims emerged: 
 
non-application of transparency taxation (tassazione per trasparenza), provided for by the 
Controlled Foreign Company ("CFC") regulations, of the income produced by Compagnie 
Monégasque de Banque and Compagnie Monégasque de Gestion for the years 2013, 2014 and 2015, 
broken down as follows: 
- notice of assessment for Mediobanca's alleged failure to tax on financial year 2013/2014 profits for 
a contested tax of €21.3 million (plus interest and penalties) notified at the end of 2018; 
- notice of assessment in relation to financial year 2014/2015 (2014 profits) for a contested tax of 
€16.1 million (plus interest and penalties) notified last December; 
- Processo Verbale di Constatazione ("PVC"), issued last October, in relation to the financial year 
2015/2016 (2015 profits), which has not yet been followed by a notice of assessment; 
 
failure to apply withholding taxes on interest paid as part of a secured finance transaction challenged 
with a specific assessment for the year 2014 (tax of € 2.3 million, plus penalties and interest) and 
referred to, for the year 2015, in the PVC issued last October; 
 
dispute over the application of transfer pricing between Mediobanca S.p.A. and Mediobanca 
International S.A. (based in Luxembourg) in the financial years 2012/13 to 2016/17. With regard to

--- Page 177 ---
169 
 
 
this dispute, last October an agreement was reached with the Italian tax authority which involved a 
disbursement of 21 million, plus interest, but without penalties (so-called penalty protection). At the 
same time, a new transfer pricing methodology was shared aimed at minimizing tax risks in the 
future.  On this occasion, Mediobanca also voluntarily released reserves of profits (for a total of 
Euro 42 million) from the activities of Mediobanca International prior to 2002, i.e. when the 
mechanism of taxation for transparency of subsidiaries based in a country with a privileged tax 
status (so-called black list) was not yet in place; Mediobanca International SA, for its part, is 
preparing a petition to the Luxembourg tax authorities for the recovery of the higher taxes paid in 
relation to the taxable income attributed to Italy by the Italian tax authority. 
With regard to the first two claims, the Issure appealed against the related measures; last November, the 
appeal filed by the Issuer for the 2018 CFC assessment was discussed before the Provincial Tax 
Commission of Milan and the judgment is pending. 
Other significant developments of the financial year concern the favourable conclusion of: 
 
tax settlement with the Italian tax authority in relation to the rottamazione delle liti pursuant to 
Article 6 of DL No. 119/2018 for 7 of the 8 disputes of Selma BPM (tax assessed for 11.7 million, 
plus penalties and interest for 35.2 million) which can therefore be considered concluded; 
 
litigation relating to the alleged non-payment by Chebanca! of the registration tax on the deed of 
purchase of the Barclays business unit, which concluded with favourable rulings by the Court of 
Appeal, confirming the previous ruling;  
 
relief from the tax collection delivered to Mediobanca last year relating to the automated control of 
Banca Esperia's Unico model 2015. 
Further tax proceedings 
In light of the above, other Group tax litigation proceedings existing as at 30 June 2020 concern: 
 
three litigation proceedings pending in front of the Supreme Court, one of which relating to leasing 
activities (assessed tax of 191,000 Euro), one relating to the former Banca Esperia about the alleged 
failure to report a transfer of money to foreign countries as part of the tax monitoring 
communication, against which penalties were imposed for 5.9 million Euro (already paid) and the 
third against Mediobanca SGR which was sued as manager of the real estate fund "Marsupio" in 
relation to the alleged failure to pay substitute tax on 3 transactions for a higher assessed tax of 
746.000 Euro (charged to the fund); 
 
three litigation proceedings relating to the non-reimbursement of VAT for interest accrued in the 
context of Selma BPM's VAT litigation; in particular, the Milan Court of Appeal's ruling confirmed 
the non-reimbursement of interest for 470.000 Euro relating to the 2008 financial year; 
 
eight litigation proceedings relating to direct and indirect taxes, of minor importance and pending at 
different instances of the Italian court sistem for a total assessed tax of 1.2 million Euro. 
Last December, the assessments carried out by the French and German tax authorities on Mediobanca's 
branches in Paris and Frankfurt respectively were concluded; in both cases, the assesment, focused on the 
analysis of the transfer pricing policies in place with the parent company, led to a refinement of the 
policies and the entry into of settlement agreements, without incurring in any penalties (except for an 
irrelevant amount for interest) and taking into account the possibility of recovering in Italy the higher 
taxes paid abroad. 
Proceedings with supervisory authorities 
Mediobanca has no ongoing proceedings with any supervisory authority. 
As far as the Group is concerned, Compass, following proceedings with the Italian Antitrust Authority, in

--- Page 178 ---
170 
 
 
relation to the alleged forced combination of financing and insurance products not related to loan, has two 
proceedings pending before the Lazio Regional Administrative Court to challenge the measures by which 
the aforementioned proceedings have been concluded. 
 
MATERIAL AGREEMENTS 
Neither Mediobanca nor any of the companies controlled by Mediobanca has entered into or participates 
in agreements outside of their normal course of business which could result an obligation or entitlement 
for Group members that would impact significantly on the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations in 
respect of the holders of financial instruments issued or to be issued. 
 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
Mediobanca approved the consolidated financial statements as at 30 June 2020 
On 30 July 2020, the Board of Directors of Mediobanca examined and approved the consolidated annual 
financial statements as at and for the financial year ended 30 June 2020, which is incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus.  
First green bond issue by Mediobanca 
On 01 September 2020, Mediobanca completed the inaugural issue of its senior preferred green bond 
dedicated to institutional investors. The €500m green bond, with a seven-year duration and a coupon of 
1% was priced at 99,564 with a spread of 135 bps over the mid-swap rate.  
The bond is intended to finance or refinance projects which meet the “Green and Sustainable Bonds 
Framework” criteria approved by the Mediobanca Group in June 2020, in line with the United Nations 
Global Compact, to which the Issuer adhered in 2018. This issue confirms Mediobanca's commitment to 
reducing the direct and indirect impact of its business activity, by promoting Environmental Social and 
Governance (ESG) investment products, and through initiatives aimed at improving energy efficiency and 
reducing consumption, as provided in the 2019-23 strategic plan. Sustainability is an integral part of the 
Group’s strategy that combines growth in business and financial solidity with social, environmental and 
economic sustainability, with the objective of creating value for all stakeholders over the long term. 
Mediobanca approved the consolidated quarterly report as at 30 September 2020 
On 27 October 2020, the Board of Directors of Mediobanca examined and approved the consolidated 
quarterly report as at and for the three-month period ended 30 September 2020.  
Mediobanca ordinary and extraordinary annual shareholders’ meeting  
On 28 October 2020, the shareholders’ meeting of the Issuer examined and approved: (i) as extraordinary 
meeting, certain amendments to the Issuer’s by-laws and the three renewals for authorisations to the 
Board of Directors to increase the Issuer’s share capital pursuant to Article 2443 of the Italian Civil Code; 
and (ii) as ordinary meeting, the Issuer’s financial statements as at 30 June 2020 and the amount of profit 
for the period being allocated to reserves.  
In addition, the ordinary shareholders’ meeting of Mediobanca also resolved upon: 
(i) 
the appointment of the new Board of Directors of the Issuer until the approval of the financial 
statements for the year ending on 30 June 2023. For further information on the Board of Directors, 
see “ – Bodies responsible for governance, management and supervision of Mediobanca – Board 
of Directors” above;  
(ii) 
the appointment of the new Statutory Audit Committee until the approval of the financial

--- Page 179 ---
171 
 
 
statements for the year ending on 30 June 2023. For further information on the Board of Directors, 
see “– Bodies responsible for governance, management and supervision of Mediobanca – 
Statutory Audit Committee” above; 
(iii) 
the approval of the remuneration and incentivization policies for the 2020-2021 financial year, the 
report on compensation paid in the financial year 2019-2020, the policy in the event of the 
beneficiary leaving office or the employment arrangement being terminated, and the 2021-25 
performance share scheme; and 
(iv) 
the engagement of Ernst & Young to audit the company’s accounts for the period from 30 June 
2022 to 30 June 2030, setting the remuneration payable to the auditor at €565,250 per annum (net 
of any statutory ISTAT increases, out-of-pocket expenses, VAT and supervisory contributions).

--- Page 180 ---
172 
 
 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF MEDIOBANCA - BANCA DI CREDITO FINANZIARIO 
S.P.A. 
The consolidated annual financial statements of Mediobanca as at and for the years ended 30 June 2020 
and 2019 were prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European Union. 
All of the above consolidated financial statements, prepared in each case together with the notes thereto, 
are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. See "Documents Incorporated by Reference". 
The annual consolidated financial statements as at and for the years ended 30 June 2020 and 2019 have 
been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A., whose reports thereon are attached to such annual 
financial statements.

--- Page 181 ---
173 
 
 
INFORMATION ON MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (LUXEMBOURG) S.A. 
General Information 
Name: 
Mediobanca International (Luxembourg) S.A. (“Mediobanca 
International”). 
Date of Incorporation: 
Mediobanca International was incorporated in 13 September 1990 
and its registered office was transferred to Luxembourg by a 
resolution of the Shareholders before a notary on 21 December  
2005 and the articles of incorporation were published in the 
Mémorial Recueil des Sociétés et Associations number 567 on 17 
March 2006. The articles of association were amended on 5 
October 2007 and were published in the Mémorial Recueil des 
Sociétés et Associations number 2995 on 24 December 2007. The 
articles of association were further amended on 30 January 2017 
and were published in the Recueil électronique des Sociétés et 
Associations number RESA_2017_042 of 16 February 2017. 
Legislation: 
Mediobanca International operates under Luxembourg law. 
Registered Office and Telephone 
Number: 
4, Boulevard Joseph II, L-1840 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg, Tel. No.: (00352) 267303-1. 
Registration: 
Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés Luxembourg number B 
112885. 
Financial Year: 
Mediobanca International’s financial year ends on 30th June of 
each year. 
General Meetings: 
General Meetings are held at least once a year. 
Share Information 
Authorised and Issued Capital: 
EUR 10,000,000 divided into 1,000,000 ordinary shares of EUR 
10.00 each. 
Reserves: 
EUR 331,470,434 as at 30 June 2020.  
Controlling Shareholders: 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Change of control: 
Mediobanca International is not aware of any agreements aimed 
at bringing about future changes regarding the ownership 
structure of Mediobanca International. 
Management 
Board of Directors: 
The Articles of Association provide for a Board of Directors 
consisting of at least three members elected by the general 
meeting of shareholders for a term of office not to exceed six 
years. 
Directors: 
The Board of Directors is responsible for setting authorisation 
levels, defining organisational structure, defining the system of 
internal control and reviewing it on a regular basis, and approving 
the bank’s accounts and interim statements. The Board of 
Directors has been appointed by the shareholders meeting held on 
October 16th, 2020 and is composed as follow:

--- Page 182 ---
174 
 
 
 
Director 
Place and date of 
birth 
Posts held inside 
Mediobanca 
International 
 
Piero Pezzati 
Milan 
on 23 March 1953  
Director and 
Chairman 
 
Giovanni Mancuso 
Turin  
on 5 December 1954 
Director 
 
Stéphane Bosi 
Monticelli d’Ongina 
on 27 April 1953 
Director 
 
The business address of each of the directors is 4, Boulevard 
Joseph II, L-1840 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. 
There are no potential conflicts of interests between any of the 
Directors’ duties to Mediobanca International and their private 
interests or other duties.  
Authorised managers: 
Day-to-day management is entrusted to two authorised managers: 
Giovanni Mancuso (Managing Director) and Rocco Cosimo 
Damiano Di Leo (Chief Financial Officer). 
 
Approved independent auditors: 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société coopérative, incorporated under 
the laws of Luxembourg, with its registered office at 2, rue 
Gerhard Mercator, L-2182 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg, and registered with the Luxembourg Trade and 
Companies 
Register 
under 
number 
B.65477 
(“PwC 
Luxembourg”), was designated, during a meeting of the Board of 
Directors held on 11 September 2012, the Mediobanca 
International’s independent auditors (réviseur d’entreprises 
agréé). Their mandate was renewed by the Board of Directors on 
14 December 2016 for a period ending at the shareholders’ annual 
general meeting which will be held in 2021. 
PwC Luxembourg, has audited the non-consolidated financial 
statements of Mediobanca International as at and for the years 
ended 30 June 2020 and 30 June 2019 and will audit the non-
consolidated financial statements of Mediobanca International as 
at and for the year ending 30 June 2021. 
PwC Luxembourg is registered as a cabinet de révision with the 
public register of company auditors drawn up by the Luxembourg 
Ministry of Justice and is a member of the Institute of 
Independent Auditors (l’Institut des Réviseurs d’Entreprises) and 
is approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur 
Financier (“CSSF”) in the context of the law dated 23 July 2016 
on the audit profession, as amended. 
Corporate governance: 
Mediobanca International is not subject to any compulsory 
corporate governance code of conduct or respective statutory legal 
provisions. The Luxembourg law dated 10 August 1915 on 
commercial companies, as amended, does not make the 
application of a corporate governance code mandatory to 
Mediobanca International. The Ten Principles of Corporate 
Governance of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange do not apply 
because the shares of Mediobanca International are not listed on a

--- Page 183 ---
175 
 
 
regulated market operated by the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
Object and General Business Policy 
Business Operations: 
Article 3 of Mediobanca International’s Article of Association 
provides, among other things, that the sole object of Mediobanca 
International is to carry out, either within or outside the Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg, any banking or financial operations 
authorised by the law relating to the financial sector. 
 
Mediobanca International’s principal activity consists of raising 
funds on international markets, by issues of bonds chiefly under a 
short and medium term notes programme guaranteed by 
Mediobanca. Mediobanca International is also engaged in 
corporate lending operations. 
Risk Management: 
All interest rate, currency, credit and other risks are managed 
within the Mediobanca Group. 
Tax Treatment: 
See “Taxation - (B) Tax Regime for Mediobanca International 
issues – Luxembourg”. 
 
Main financial information of Mediobanca International 
Selected annual financial information. The summary audited balance sheet, profit and loss account and 
cash flow statement of Mediobanca International as at and for the year ended 30 June 2020 are shown 
below, along with comparative data as at and for the year ended 30 June 2019. 
MAIN STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL 
POSITION ITEMS 
 
Year ended 30 June 
 
 
2020 
2019 
CHANGES 
2020/2019 
 
 
€m 
€m 
% 
Assets 
 
 
 
Financial assets valued at amortised cost – due 
from banks 
2,086.4  
3,287.1 
-36.5% 
Financial assets valued at amortised cost – due 
from customers 
4,142.3 
4,506.1 
-8.1% 
Financial assets* 
160.1 
74.1 
116.1% 
Total Assets 
6,428.6 
7,888.6 
-18.5% 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
Financial liabilities valued at amortised cost – debt 
securities in issue 
3,137.7 
4,127.4 
-24.0% 
Financial liabilities valued at amortised cost – due 
to banks 
2,696.5 
3,242.8 
-16.8% 
Financial liabilities valued at amortised cost – due 
to customers 
133.3 
110.0 
21.2% 
Financial liabilities valued at FVTPL 
118.8 
55.6 
113.7% 
Net equity** 
341.5 
338.2 
1.0% 
of which: share capital 
10.0 
10.0 
- 
Profit (loss) of the year 
-10.8 
3.2 
-437.5% 
Total Liabilities 
6,428.6 
7,888.6 
-18.5% 
* 
Includes financial assets valued at FVTPL and hedging derivatives.

--- Page 184 ---
176 
 
 
** 
Includes reserves and share capital. 
MAIN STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE 
INCOME ITEMS 
 
Year ended 30 June  
 
 
2020 
2019 
CHANGES 
2020/2019 
 
 
€m 
€m 
% 
Net interest income 
5.4 
12.2 
-55.7% 
Net fee and commission income 
5.7 
5.0 
14.0% 
Total income 
11.9 
17.9 
-33.5% 
Net income from financial operations 
-1.9 
14.4 
-113.2% 
Administrative expenses 
-9.6 
-10.1 
-5.0% 
Profit (loss) of the ordinary activity before tax 
-13.2 
4.3 
-407% 
Profit (loss) of the year 
-10.8 
3.2 
-437.5% 
 
CASH FLOW STATEMENT 
Year ended on 30 June 
 
 
CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 
2020 
2019 
 
(€ thousands) 
Operating activities 
-2,366 
35,213 
Cash generated/absorbed by financial assets 
1,641,287 
-66,898 
Cash generated/absorbed by financial liabilities 
-1,638,921 
-2,306 
Cash flow from operating activities 
- 
-33,991 
 
  
  
CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 
  
  
Cash flow from investing activities 
- 
- 
 
  
  
CASH FLOW FROM FUNDING ACTIVITY 
  
  
Cash flow from funding activity 
- 
15,000 
 
  
  
NET CASH INFLOW (OUTFLOW) DURING THE FISCAL 
YEAR 
- 
-18,991

--- Page 185 ---
177 
 
 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (LUXEMBOURG) S.A. 
Mediobanca International only produces non-consolidated annual financial statements. 
The non-consolidated annual financial statements of Mediobanca International as at and for the years 
ended 30 June 2020 and 2019, in each case together with the notes thereto, are incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus. See “Documents Incorporated by Reference”. 
The non-consolidated annual financial statements of Mediobanca International as at and for the years 
ended 30 June 2020 and 2019 have been prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European 
Union. 
The non-consolidated annual financial statements of Mediobanca International as at and for the year 
ended 30 June 2020 and 2019 have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société coopérative, whose 
reports thereon are attached to such non-consolidated annual financial statements.

--- Page 186 ---
178 
 
 
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 
References in this Base Prospectus to “Permanent Dealers” are to the persons listed in the paragraph 
headed “Dealers” in the section headed “General Description of the EUR 40,000,000,000 Euro Medium 
Term Note Programme” above and to such additional persons which are appointed from time to time as 
dealers in respect of the whole Programme (and whose appointment has not been terminated) and 
references to “Dealers” are to all Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed from time to time as a 
dealer solely in respect of one or more Tranches. 
Subject to the terms and conditions contained in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 18 
December 2020 as further amended or supplemented from time to time (the “Dealer Agreement”) 
between each Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger and the Permanent Dealers, the Notes will be offered on 
a continuous basis by each Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the relevant Issuer has reserved the 
right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers which are not Permanent Dealers. The relevant 
Issuer may also offer and sell Notes directly to investors without the involvement of any Dealer. The 
Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as 
determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the relevant Issuer through the Dealers, 
acting as agents of such Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated 
Tranches which are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Dealer Agreement, the relevant Issuer, failing whom, where 
applicable, the Guarantor, has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain liabilities (including fees and 
expenses) in connection with the establishment of the Programme, the offer and sale of the Notes and to 
indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. The Dealer 
Agreement may be terminated in relation to all the Dealers or any of them by Mediobanca and 
Mediobanca International, acting together or, in relation to itself and Mediobanca and Mediobanca 
International only, by any Dealer, at any time on giving not less than ten Business Days’ notice. 
General 
The selling restrictions described below may be supplemented or modified by the agreement of the 
relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable) and the Dealers following a change in a relevant law, 
regulation or directive. Any such supplement or modification shall be set out in a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Notes, or 
possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any 
country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it has complied and will comply with all 
applicable laws, regulations and directives in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, 
offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at its own expense, and will obtain any consent, 
approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws 
and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, 
offers, sales or deliveries and neither the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable), nor any other 
Dealer shall have responsibility therefor. Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any 
Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealers to comply with all applicable 
laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver 
Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering 
material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to 
any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in this sub-section headed 
“General”.

--- Page 187 ---
179 
 
 
Ireland 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it will not underwrite, offer, place or do anything 
with respect to the Notes: 
(a) 
otherwise than in conformity with (i) the provisions of the European Union (Markets in Financial 
Instruments) Regulations 2017 of Ireland, as amended (the “MiFID II Regulations”), including, 
without limitation, Regulation 5 (Requirement for authorisation (and certain provisions 
concerning MTFs and OTFs)) thereof and in connection with the MiFID II Regulations, any 
applicable codes of conduct or rules, any conditions or requirements, or any other enactment, 
imposed or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland and (ii) the provisions of the Investor 
Compensation Act 1998 of Ireland, as amended; 
(b) 
otherwise than in conformity with all applicable provisions of Directive 2014/65/EU, as 
amended, and Regulation (EU) No 600/2014, as amended, and in connection with the foregoing, 
all relevant implementing measures, delegated acts and guidance, and is operating within the 
terms of any authorisation thereunder; 
(c) 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on market abuse, as amended, the 
Market Abuse Directive on criminal sanctions for market abuse (Directive 2014/57/EU), the 
European Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 2016 of Ireland, as amended, and any Irish market 
abuse law as defined in those Regulations or the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland, as amended, 
(the “2014 Act”) and any rules made or guidance issued by the Central Bank of Ireland in 
connection with the foregoing, including any rules or guidelines issued by the Central Bank of 
Ireland under Section 1370 of the 2014 Act; and 
(d) 
otherwise than in conformity with (i) the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 and any 
delegated or implementing acts adopted thereunder, the European Union (Prospectus) 
Regulations 2019 of Ireland, the Central Bank (Investment Market Conduct) Rules 2019 of 
Ireland, and any other rules made or guidelines issued under Section 1363 of the 2014 Act by the 
Central Bank of Ireland (ii) the provisions of the 2014 Act (iii) the Central Bank Acts 1942 to 
2018 of Ireland and any code of conduct rules made under Section 117(1) of the Central Bank 
Act 1989 of Ireland, as amended, or any regulations issued pursuant to Part 8 of the Central Bank 
(Supervision and Enforcement) Act 2013 of Ireland, as amended, and (iv) every other enactment 
that is to be read together with any of the foregoing Acts; 
(e) 
otherwise than in conformity with Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) 
the Notes will not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to: 
(i) 
any retail investor (as defined in the PRIIPS Regulation) in the European 
Economic Area; or  
(ii) 
any investor that is not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation and accordingly no key information document will be required, 
as each of the forgoing may be amended, restated, supplemented and/or otherwise replaced from time to 
time. 
United States of America 
Neither the Notes nor the Guarantee thereof have been nor will they be registered under the Securities Act 
and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain 
transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by the United States Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder.

--- Page 188 ---
180 
 
 
The applicable Final Terms will identify whether Regulation S Compliance Category 2, TEFRA C rules 
or TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it 
will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 
days after the completion of the distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent to each 
dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or 
other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any 
offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than 
in accordance with an applicable exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area or in the United Kingdom. For the purposes 
of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”); and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area and the 
United Kingdom (each, a “Relevant State”), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and 
will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant State except 
that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Relevant State: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other 
than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State (a Non-exempt 
Offer) following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been 
approved by the competent authority in that Relevant State or, where appropriate, approved in 
another Relevant State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant State, provided that 
any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the Final Terms contemplating such 
Non-exempt Offer in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and 
ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable and the Issuer has 
consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer;

--- Page 189 ---
181 
 
 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation;  
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or 
any dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any 
Notes in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes, and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and: 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(i) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or 
(ii) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the 
issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not, or, in 
the case of the Issuer or the Guarantor would not, if it was not an authorised person, apply to the 
Issuer or the Guarantor; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the 
FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise 
involving the United Kingdom. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, 
accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that, save as set out below, it has not 
offered or sold, and will not make an offer of any Notes to the public in the Republic of Italy and that 
sales of the Notes in the Republic of Italy shall be effected in accordance with all Italian securities, tax 
and exchange control and other applicable laws and regulations.

--- Page 190 ---
182 
 
 
Each of the Dealers has represented, warranted and agreed that it will not offer, sell or deliver any Notes 
or distribute copies of this Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of 
Italy except: 
1. 
that each Dealer may make an offer of Notes to the public if the final terms in relation to the 
Notes specify that a Non-exempt Offer may be made in the Republic of Italy, including without 
limitation, by means of an offer of Notes to the public following the date of publication of a 
prospectus in relation to such Notes and provided that such prospectus has been (i) approved 
in another Member State and notified to CONSOB and (ii) completed by final terms expressly 
contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation and 
CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended (“Regulation No. 
11971/1999”), in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or 
final terms, as applicable; 
2. 
to “qualified investors” (investitori qualificati), as referred to in Article 100, letter a), of the 
Financial Services Act as implemented by Article 34-ter, first paragraph, letter b) of Regulation 
No. 11971/1999 and the relevant applicable provisions set forth in CONSOB Regulation No. 
20307 of 15 February 2018; or 
3. 
in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings, as provided 
under Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (“Financial Services Act”) 
or Regulation No. 11971/1999. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus or 
any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must be: 
(a) 
made by investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such 
activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 
September 1993, as amended from time to time (the “Italian Banking Act”), Financial 
Services Act, the relevant applicable provisions set forth in CONSOB Regulation No. 
20307 of 15 February 2018, as amended from time to time, and any other applicable 
laws and regulations; 
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Italian Banking Act and the implementing 
guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time, and/or by an Italian 
person outside the Republic of Italy; and 
(c) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirements imposed 
by CONSOB or the Bank of Italy or any other Italian regulatory authority. 
Provisions relating to the secondary market 
Potential investors should also note in connection with the subsequent distribution of Notes in the 
Republic of Italy, in accordance with Article 100-bis of the Financial Services Act, where no exemption 
from the rules on public offerings applies under paragraphs (2) and (3) above, the subsequent distribution 
of the Notes on the secondary market in the Republic of Italy must be made in compliance with the public 
offer and the prospectus requirement rules provided under the Financial Services Act and Regulation No. 
11971/1999. Failure to comply with such rules may result in the sale of such Notes being declared null 
and void and in the intermediaries transferring the Notes being liable for any damages suffered by 
investors or potential investors. 
Switzerland 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to the public or a solicitation to purchase or invest in 
any Notes. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that no Notes have been offered or will be offered to the public in 
Switzerland, except that offers of Notes may be made to the public in Switzerland at any time under the 
following exemptions under the Swiss Financial Services Act (“FinSA”):

--- Page 191 ---
183 
 
 
(a) 
to any person which is a professional client as defined under the FinSA; or 
(b) 
in any circumstances falling within Article 36 FinSA in connection with Article 44 of the Swiss 
Financial Services Ordinance, 
provided that no such offer of Notes shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 35 FinSA. 
The Notes have not been and will not be listed or admitted to trading on a trading venue in Switzerland. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes 
a prospectus as such term is understood pursuant to the FinSA and neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made 
publicly available in Switzerland. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948), as amended (the “FIEA” or the “Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act”). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it has not, directly or 
indirectly, and will not, directly or indirectly, offer to sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, 
any Japanese Person or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any 
Japanese Person except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the FIEA and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan in effect at the relevant time. 
For the purposes of this paragraph, “Japanese Person” shall mean any person resident in Japan, 
including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan. 
Singapore 
This Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore 
under the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to 
time (the “SFA”) and accordingly, the Notes may not be offered or sold, nor may the Notes be the subject 
of an invitation for subscription or purchase, nor may this Base Prospectus or any other document or 
material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase of the Notes be 
circulated or distributed, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (a) to an 
institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (b) to a 
relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any 
person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in 
Section 275 of the SFA or (c) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other 
applicable provision of the SFA.  
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is:  
(i) a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more 
individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or  
(ii) a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,  
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of 
that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an 
offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except:  
(a) to an institutional investor or to a relevant person or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA;  
(b) where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;  
(c) where the transfer is by operation of law;

--- Page 192 ---
184 
 
 
(d) as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or  
(e) as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore.  
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA - Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in 
respect of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital 
markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) 
and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of 
Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).

--- Page 193 ---
185 
 
 
GENERAL CONSENT — THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR TERMS 
These terms (the “Authorised Offeror Terms”) will be relevant in the case of any Tranche of Notes, if 
(and only if) Part B of the applicable Final Terms specifies “General Consent” as “Applicable”. They 
are the Authorised Offeror Terms which will be referred to in the “Acceptance Statement” to be 
published on the website of any financial intermediary which (a) is authorised to make such offers under 
MiFID II and (b) accepts such offer by publishing an Acceptance Statement on its website. 
1. 
General 
The relevant financial intermediary: 
(a) 
Applicable Rules: acts in accordance with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and 
guidance of any applicable regulatory bodies (the “Rules”) including, without limitation 
and in each case, Rules relating to both the appropriateness or suitability of any 
investment in the Notes by any person and disclosure to any potential Investor; 
(b) 
Subscription and sale: complies with the restrictions set out under “Plan of Distribution” 
in this Base Prospectus which would apply as if it were a relevant Dealer and with any 
further relevant requirements as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(c) 
Fees, commissions and benefits: ensures that any fee, commission, benefits of any kind, 
rebate received or paid by that financial intermediary in relation to the offer or sale of the 
Notes does not violate the Rules and is fully and clearly disclosed to Investors or 
potential Investors; 
(d) 
Licences, consents, approvals and permissions: holds all licences, consents, approvals 
and permissions required in connection with solicitation of interest in, or offers or sales 
of, the Notes under the Rules; 
(e) 
Violation of Rules: it will immediately inform the Issuer, the Guarantor and any relevant 
Dealer if at any relevant time it becomes aware or suspects that it is or may be in 
violation of any Rules; 
(f) 
Anti-money laundering, bribery and corruption: complies with, and takes appropriate 
steps in relation to, applicable anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, prevention of 
corruption and “know your client” Rules, and does not permit any application for Notes 
in circumstances where the financial intermediary has any suspicions as to the source of 
the purchase monies; 
(g) 
Record-keeping: retains investor identification records for at least the minimum period 
required under applicable Rules, and shall, if so requested and to the extent permitted by 
the Rules, make such records available to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant 
Dealer or directly to the appropriate authorities with jurisdiction over the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and/or the relevant Dealer in order to enable the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or 
the relevant Dealer to comply with anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and “know your 
client” Rules applying to the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or the relevant Dealer; 
(h) 
Breach of Rules: does not, directly or indirectly, cause the Issuer, the Guarantor or the 
relevant Dealer to breach any Rule or subject the Issuer, the Guarantor or the relevant 
Dealer to any requirement to obtain or make any filing, authorisation or consent in any 
jurisdiction; 
(i) 
Publicity names: does not use the legal or publicity names of the Issuer, the Guarantor or 
the relevant Dealer(s) or any other name, brand or logo registered by an entity within 
their respective groups or any material over which any such entity retains a proprietary 
interest or in any statements (oral or written), marketing material or documentation in 
relation to the Notes;

--- Page 194 ---
186 
 
 
(j) 
Information: does not give any information other than that contained in this Base 
Prospectus (as may be amended or supplemented by the Issuer from time to time) or 
make any representation in connection with the offering or sale of, or the solicitation of 
interest in, the Notes; 
(k) 
Communications: agrees that any communication in which it attaches or otherwise 
includes any announcement published by the Issuer (via any relevant applicable 
methods) at the end of the Offer Period will be consistent with the Base Prospectus, and 
(in any case) must be fair, clear and not misleading and in compliance with the Rules 
and must state that such Authorised Offeror has provided it independently from the 
Issuer and must expressly confirm that the Issuer has not accepted any responsibility for 
the content of any such communication; 
(l) 
Legal or publicity names: does not use the legal or publicity names of the relevant 
Dealer, the Issuer or any other name, brand or logo registered by any entity within their 
respective groups or any material over which any such entity retains a proprietary 
interest or in any statements (oral or written), marketing material or documentation in 
relation to the Notes; 
(m) 
Any other conditions: agrees to any other conditions set out in paragraph 10 of Part B of 
the relevant Final Terms. 
2. 
Indemnity 
The relevant financial intermediary agrees that if either of the Issuer or the Guarantor incurs any 
liability, damages, cost, loss or expense (including, without limitation, legal fees, costs and 
expenses and any value added tax thereon) (a “Loss”) arising out of, in connection with or based 
on any inaccuracy of any of the foregoing representations and warranties or any breach of any of 
the foregoing undertakings then the relevant financial intermediary shall pay to the Issuer or the 
Guarantor (as the case may be) on demand an amount equal to such Loss. 
3. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
The relevant financial intermediary agrees that: 
(a) 
the contract between the Issuer, the Guarantor and the financial intermediary formed upon 
acceptance by the financial intermediary of the offer of the Issuer and the Guarantor to use this 
Base Prospectus with their consent in connection with the relevant Public Offer (the “Authorised 
Offeror Contract”), and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Authorised Offeror Contract, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, English 
law; 
(b) 
the courts of England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out 
of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract (including a dispute relating to any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract) and 
accordingly the relevant financial intermediary submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the 
English courts; 
(c) 
each relevant Dealer will, pursuant to the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, be 
entitled to enforce those provisions of the Authorised Offeror Contract which are, or are 
expressed to be, for their benefit but, subject to this, a person who is not a party to the Authorised 
Offeror Contract has no right to enforce any term of the Authorised Offeror Contract; and 
(d) 
the parties to the Authorised Offeror Contract do not require the consent of any person not a party 
to the Authorised Offeror Contract to rescind or vary the Authorised Offeror Contract at any 
time.

--- Page 195 ---
187 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
(A) 
Form of Final Terms for Notes with a denomination less than EUR 100,000 
The following form of Final Terms shall be used for the issue of Notes having a denomination of less than 
EUR 100,000 (or the equivalent amount in any other currencies in which the Notes are denominated). 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Notes will be substantially in the following form, duly 
completed to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. Text in this section 
appearing in italics does not form part of the form of the Final Terms but denotes directions for 
completing the Final Terms. 
[PRIIPs Regulation / Prospectus Regulation / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA AND UK RETAIL 
INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should 
not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area 
(“EEA”) or in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, “MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the 
“Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA or in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
EEA or in the UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]  
MIFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPS target market - 
Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail 
clients are appropriate, including; investment advice, portfolio management and non-advised sales, 
subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturers’ target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturers’ target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as 
applicable. 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore 
(the SFA) - [To insert notice if classification of the Notes is not “prescribed capital markets products”, 
pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA or Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-
N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations 
on Investment Products)]]2) 
Final Terms 
[MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): PSNL19R2RXX5U3QWHI44 / 
MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (Luxembourg) S.A. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 549300DV870NBWY5W279] Issue of [currency] [aggregate principal 
amount] Notes due [maturity] 
[guaranteed in the case of Notes issued by 
                                                          
2) Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the relevant Issuer prior to 
the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA

--- Page 196 ---
188 
 
 
MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (Luxembourg) S.A. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 549300DV870NBWY5W279 by 
MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): PSNL19R2RXX5U3QWHI44] under the 
Euro [40,000,000,000] 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Issue Price: [•] per cent. 
[Dealer(s)][•]] 
The date of these Final Terms is [•] 
[This document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein. Terms used 
herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 18 December 2020 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [insert date] 
[delete if not applicable],] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction 
with such Base Prospectus [as supplemented from time to time]. Full information on the Issuer [and the 
Guarantor] and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final 
Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is/are] 
available for viewing at [address] and [website] and copies may be obtained [upon request] from the 
[Issuer] [Dealer(s)]/ [Distributor(s)]. [For the purposes of article 23(3) of the Prospectus Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) 2017/1129), the Issuer  [in its role of distributor] will set out the means through which 
the investors will be contacted [and assisted]]. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
[This document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein. Terms used 
herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”) set 
forth in the Base Prospectus dated [11 January 2007][4 December 2007][12 December 2008][16 
December 2009][13 January 2011][30 November 2011][23 January 2013][27 January 2014][19 
December 2014][11 December 2015][22 December 2016][24 January 2018] [21 December 2018][16 
December 2019]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129) (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and 
must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 18 December 2020 [and the supplement to the 
Base Prospectus dated [•]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the Base Prospectus 
dated [original date] which is incorporated by reference to the Base Prospectus dated 18 December 2020. 
Full information on the Issuer [and the Guarantor] and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis 
of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectuses dated [date of original base 
prospectus] and [•][and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [•]]. The Base Prospectuses [and the 
supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is/are] available for viewing at the registered office[s] of the Issuer 
[and of the Guarantor] [at [•].] The Base Prospectus and, in the case of Notes admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Euronext Dublin, the applicable Final Terms will also be published on the website 
of the Euronext Dublin (http://www.ise.ie/).] [For the purposes of article 23(3) of the Prospectus 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129), the Issuer  [in its role of distributor] will set out the means 
through which the investors will be contacted [and assisted]] 
[A summary of the individual issue is annexed to these Final Terms.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “not applicable”. Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if individual items are deleted.]

--- Page 197 ---
189 
 
 
[When completing any final terms, consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination 
may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
PART A – GENERAL 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
 
[(iii)
] 
Date on which the Notes 
will be consolidated and 
form a single Series:] 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series 
with [identify earlier tranches] on [the Issue Date] 
[exchange of the Temporary Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 24 
below, which is expected to occur on or about [date]] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
 
(Only relevant if the Notes are fungible with an existing 
Series). 
2. 
Specified 
Currency 
or 
Currencies: 
[•] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
Notes admitted to trading: 
 
 
(i)  
Series: 
[Up to] [•] 
 
(ii)  
Tranche: 
[Up to] [•] 
 
 
 
[The Aggregate Nominal Amount will not exceed [•] and 
will be determined at the end of the Offer Period (as defined 
in paragraph 10 of Part B below) and such final amount will 
be filed with the Central Bank of Ireland as competent 
authority and published on the website of the Euronext 
Dublin (www.ise.ie) pursuant to Articles 14(2) and Article 
18(1) of the Prospectus Regulation. [provided that, during 
the Offer Period the Issuer will be entitled to increase the 
Aggregate Nominal Amount as more fully described under 
paragraph 10 of Part B below.]] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[[•] per Note] [[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [insert date] (in the 
case of fungible issues only, if applicable)]] 
5. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[•] [and integral multiples of [•] in excess thereof up to and 
including [•]. No Notes in definitive form will be issued 
with a denomination above [•].] 
 
 
 
(Notes including Notes denominated in Sterling, in respect 
of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer 
in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes 
a contravention of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 and which have a maturity of less than one year must 
have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies).)

--- Page 198 ---
190 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] (If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination. If more than one Specified Denomination, 
insert the highest common factor. There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified Denominations.) 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest Payment 
Date falling in relevant month and year.] 
 
 
(N.B. Unless otherwise permitted by current laws, 
regulations, directives and/or the Bank of Italy’s 
requirements applicable to the issue of Subordinated Notes 
by the Issuer must have a minimum maturity of five years.) 
 
 
(If the Maturity Date is less than one year from the Issue 
Date and either (a) the issue proceeds are received by the 
Issuer in the United Kingdom or (b) the activity of issuing 
the Notes is carried on from an establishment maintained by 
the Issuer in the United Kingdom, (i) the Notes must have a 
minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in 
other currencies) and be sold only to “professional 
investors” or (ii) another applicable exemption from section 
19 of the FSMA must be available.) 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
(Condition 3(d) (Interest Rate on 
Fixed Rate Notes) or Condition 
3(f) (Interest Rate on Floating Rate 
Notes) or Condition 3(m) (Late 
payment on Zero Coupon Notes) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes or (Condition 
3(d) (Interest Rate on Fixed Rate 
Notes) or Condition 3(f) (Interest 
Rate on Floating Rate Notes) or 
Condition 3(m) (Late payment on 
Zero Coupon Notes) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Italian Law 
Notes) 
[Fixed Rate Notes]  
[[EURIBOR] [LIBOR] [LIBID] [LIMEAN] [CMS] [specify 
relevant yield of Government securities] +/- [•] per cent. per 
annum Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon]  
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
 
 
[Instalment] 
10. 
Change of Interest: 
[Applicable - Condition 3(n) (Interest Rate Switch) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the [English][Italian] Law Notes 
shall apply] 
 
 
[Not Applicable - Condition 3(n) (Interest Rate Switch) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the [English][Italian] Law 
Notes shall not apply]

--- Page 199 ---
191 
 
 
 
Interest Rate Switch Date: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Insert description of change of interest rate] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
((Condition 4(f) (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer) or (Condition 
4(h) (Redemption at the option of 
holders of Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law 
Notes 
or 
(Condition 
4(f) 
(Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer) 
or 
(Condition 
4(h) 
(Redemption at the option of 
holders of Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Italian Law 
Notes)) 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
 
12. 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Preferred] [Senior Non Preferred] [Subordinated] 
 
(ii) 
(In 
respect 
of 
Senior 
Preferred Notes only): 
 
 
 
[Waiver of set-off rights:] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[(iii) 
[Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes [and 
Guarantee] obtained: 
[•] [and [•], respectively]] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorisation 
is required for the particular tranche of Notes or related 
guarantee of the Notes) 
13. 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated] [Non-syndicated] 
14. 
[Taxation:] 
[Gross Up is applicable pursuant to paragraph (viii) of 
Condition 6(a) (Taxation - Gross Up) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the [English][Italian] Law Notes] 
 
 
[Gross Up is not applicable pursuant to paragraph (viii) of 
Condition 6(a) (Taxation - Gross Up) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the [English][Italian] Law Notes] 
15. 
Events of Default 
[In case of Senior Preferred Notes specify if there are 
Events of Default which are not applicable]

--- Page 200 ---
192 
 
 
16. 
Governing Law: 
[English law applicable] [Italian law applicable], also in 
accordance with the provisions of Regulation (EC) no. 
864/2007 of 11 July 2007 on the law applicable to non-
contractual obligations (the “Rome II Regulation”) [except 
for: (I) in case of Notes issued by Mediobanca, Conditions 
2(b) (Status of the Senior Preferred Notes), 2(c) (Status of 
the Senior Non Preferred Notes), 2(d) (Status of the 
Subordinated Notes), 4(b) (Maturities/Final Redemption), 
4(g) (Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)), 
8(b) (Events of Default of the Senior Non Preferred Notes), 
8(c) (Events of Default of the Subordinated Notes) and 16 
(Acknowledgment of the Italian / Luxembourg Bail-in 
Power) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law 
Notes, are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, Italian law; (II) in case of Senior Preferred 
Notes issued by Mediobanca International, Conditions 2(b) 
(Status 
of 
the 
Senior 
Preferred 
Notes), 
4(b) 
(Maturities/Final Redemption), 4(g) (Redemption for 
regulatory 
reasons 
(Regulatory 
Call)) 
and 
[15/16] 
(Acknowledgment of the Italian / Luxembourg Bail-in 
Power) of the [Terms and Conditions of the English Law 
Notes] [Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes], are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
Luxembourgish law.] [For the avoidance of doubt, articles 
470-3 to 470-19 of the Luxembourg Company Law shall 
not apply to Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca 
International.] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
17. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph 17) 
 
(i) 
Interest Rate(s): 
[•] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year [adjusted in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention and any applicable Business 
Centre(s) for the definition of “Business Day”] 
 
 
 
(N.B. This will need to be amended in the case of long or 
short coupons) 
 
(iii) 
Interest Accrual Dates(s): 
[The Interest Accrual Dates are [•] in each year up to and 
including the Maturity Date.] [The Interest Accrual Dates 
shall be the Interest Payment Dates.] 
 
(iv) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount payable on [each Interest 
Payment Date] [the Interest Payment Date(s) falling [in/on] 
[•]] [Not applicable] 
 
(v) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention [Modified Following 
Business Day Convention] [Preceding Business Day 
Convention] [adjusted] [unadjusted]

--- Page 201 ---
193 
 
 
 
(vii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[1/1] [Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual 
 
 
 
(ISDA)] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] [30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] [30E/360] 
[Eurobond Basis] [30E/360 (ISDA)] 
18. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph 18.) 
 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
First 
Interest 
Payment 
Date: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Interest Accrual Dates(s): 
[The Interest Accrual Dates are [•] in each year up to and 
including the Maturity Date.] [The Interest Accrual Dates 
shall be the Interest Payment Dates.] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention] [Modified Following 
Business Day Convention] [Preceding Business Day 
Convention] [adjusted] [unadjusted] 
 
(v) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable] [•] 
 
(vi) 
Manner 
in 
which 
the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination] [ISDA Determination] 
 
(vii) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Fiscal 
Agent): 
[•] [Name] shall be the Calculation Agent (no need to 
specify if the Fiscal Agent is to perform this function)] 
 
(viii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph (viii)) 
 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR] [LIBOR] [LIBID] [LIMEAN] [CMS] [specify 
relevant yield of Government securities]  
 
 
 
Specified 
Duration: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Multiplier 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Reference 
Rate 
Multiplier 
[•] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 202 ---
194 
 
 
 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[The Interest Determination Date in respect of each Interest 
Period is [the first day of each Interest Period] [the second 
day on which TARGET2 is open prior to the first day of 
each Interest Period] [the day falling two Banking Days 
prior to the first day of each Interest Period] [•]]Typically 
second London business day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if LIBOR (other than Sterling or euro 
LIBOR), first day of each Interest Period if Sterling LIBOR 
and the second TARGET Settlement Day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if EURIBOR or euro LIBOR) 
 
 
 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[For example, Reuters page EURIBOR01)] 
 
 
 
Relevant Time 
[For example, 11.00 a.m. [London / Brussels] time] 
 
 
 
Relevant Financial 
Centre 
[For example, London/Euro-zone (where Euro-zone means 
the region comprised of the countries whose lawful 
currency is the euro)] 
 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph (x)) 
 
 
 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Reset Date: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[[+/-][•] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Minimum Interest Rate: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[1/1] 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [Actual/365 (Fixed)] [Actual/360] 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] [30E/360] [Eurobond 
Basis] [30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(xv) 
Interest calculation method 
for short or long Interest 
Periods: 
[Linear Interpolation, in respect of the Interest Period 
beginning on (and including) [•] and ending on (but 
excluding) [•]] 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable - there are no short or long Interest 
Periods] 
19. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph 19) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum. 
 
 
 
Calculated as [include details of method of calculation in 
summary form] on the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue 
Price. 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[•]

--- Page 203 ---
195 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
20. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph 20) 
 
(i) 
European Style 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph (i)) 
 
 
 
Notice Period(s): 
[•] (at least 5 business days prior notice) 
 
(ii) 
American Style 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph (ii)) 
 
 
 
Exercise Period(s): 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) (Call): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(v) 
Partial Redemption: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph (v)) 
 
(vi) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount 
[•] per Calculation Amount [Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount [Not Applicable] 
21. 
Regulatory Call / Redemption for 
taxation reasons 
 
 
(i) 
Regulatory Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(if not applicable delete sub-paragraphs (ii) and (iii) of this 
paragraph (i))

--- Page 204 ---
196 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Early Redemption Amount 
payable on redemption for 
regulatory reasons (subject 
to prior approval of the 
Relevant 
Authority) 
as 
contemplated by Condition 
4(g) 
(Redemption 
for 
regulatory 
reasons 
(Regulatory Call)) of the 
Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes or 
Condition 4(g) (Redemption 
for 
regulatory 
reasons 
(Regulatory Call)) of the 
Terms and Conditions of 
the Italian Law Notes (if 
required) 
[[•] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(iii) 
Redemption for taxation 
reasons 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
[Modification following a 
MREL/TLAC 
Disqualification 
Event 
/ 
Regulatory Event or Tax 
Event] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
22. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph 22) 
 
(i) 
European Style 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph (i)) 
 
 
 
Notice Period(s): 
[•] (at least 5 business days prior notice) 
 
(ii) 
American Style 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph (ii)) 
 
 
 
Exercise Period(s): 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) (.Put): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph (iv)) 
 
(v) 
Partial Redemption: 
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph (v))

--- Page 205 ---
197 
 
 
 
(vi) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount 
[[•] per Calculation Amount] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount 
[[•] per Calculation Amount] [Not Applicable] 
23. 
Final Redemption Amount of 
each Note 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
24. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
payable on redemption for taxation 
reasons or on event of default: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
[An amount in the Specified Currency being the Nominal 
Amount of the Notes] 
 
 
[An amount in the Specified Currency being the higher of 
(i) the Nominal Amount of the Notes and (ii) the fair 
economic value of the Notes at the date of redemption, as 
determined and calculated by the Calculation Agent in its 
sole discretion in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner as representing the fair economic value 
of the Note at the date of redemption]. 
 
 
[An amount in the Specified Currency which the 
Calculation Agent will determine and calculate in its sole 
discretion in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner as representing the fair economic value of the Note 
at the date of redemption, without making any reduction to 
such value by reason of the financial condition of the Issuer 
but taking into account (without duplication) any costs and 
expenses incurred by the Issuer in connection with the 
termination of any agreement or instrument entered into by 
the Issuer for the purposes of hedging the risk arising from 
the entering into and performance of its obligations under 
the Notes.] 
 
 
[The Early Redemption Amount Payable on Event of 
Default shall be Euro [•] for each Note of Euro [•] Specified 
Denomination.] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
25. 
Form of Notes: 
Bearer Notes: 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes on 
[•] days’ notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note.] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
on [•] days’ notice.] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
on [•] days’ notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note].

--- Page 206 ---
198 
 
 
 
 
[The Notes will be issued and held in book-entry form by 
[Monte Titoli S.p.A/ include the name of any other 
custodian appointed by the Issuer], as Centralised 
Custodian.] 
26. 
New Global Note form: 
[Yes/No] 
27. 
Additional 
Financial 
Centre(s) 
relating 
to 
Payment 
Business 
Dates: 
[Not Applicable] [•] 
 
 
[Note that this item relates to the date and place of payment 
and not to interest period end dates] 
28. 
Talons for future Coupons or 
Receipts 
to 
be 
attached 
to 
Definitive Notes (and dates on 
which such Talons mature): 
[No] 
 
 
[Yes. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
Talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive 
form, more than 27 coupon payments are left. The dates on 
which such Talons mature are [•].] 
29. 
Details relating to Instalment 
Notes: 
(amount 
of 
each 
instalment, date on which each 
payment is to be made): 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
30. 
Total Repurchase Option / Partial 
Repurchase Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph 30) 
 
(i) 
Total Repurchase Option 
date / Partial Repurchase 
Option date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Repurchase amount(s) and 
method(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[•] (at least 5 business days prior notice) 
 
RESPONSIBILITY [AND THIRD PARTY INFORMATION] 
[The Issuer [and the Guarantor] accept[s] responsibility for the information contained in these Final 
Terms.][The third party information contained in these Final Terms [[•] has been extracted from [•].] 
[[Each of the] [The] Issuer [and the Guarantor] confirms that such third party information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published 
by [•], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.].]

--- Page 207 ---
199 
 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
 
 
By:  ........................................................................ 
By:  .........................................................................  
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised 
[Signed on behalf of the Guarantor: 
 
 
 
By:  ........................................................................ 
By:  ........................................................................  
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised] 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Official List of Euronext Dublin/Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange/Italian Stock Exchange/None] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [the Euronext 
Dublin] [the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] [the Italian 
Stock Exchange] [specify relevant regulated market] with 
effect from [•] [Application is expected to be made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on [the Euronext Dublin] [the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange] [the Italian Stock Exchange] [specify relevant 
regulated market] with effect from [•].] 
 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph 2) 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to be]] 
rated [insert details] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies)]. 
 
 
 
[Depending on the status of the credit rating agency with 
respect to the CRA Regulation, the wording below should 
be considered.] 
 
 
 
[Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA or in the UK and 
registered under the CRA Regulation] 
 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA or in the UK 
and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the “CRA Regulation”). 
 
 
 
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA or in the UK, not 
registered under the CRA Regulation but has applied for

--- Page 208 ---
200 
 
 
registration 
 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA and has applied 
for registration under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the “CRA Regulation”), although notification 
of the corresponding registration decision has not yet been 
provided by the [relevant competent authority]/[European 
Securities and Markets Authority]. 
 
 
 
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA or in the UK, not 
registered under the CRA Regulation and not applied for 
registration 
 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA and is neither 
registered nor has it applied for registration under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA 
Regulation”). 
[The following brief description of the meaning of the 
ratings to be included if such ratings have been previously 
published by the rating provider] 
[A  rating  is  not  a  recommendation  to  buy,  sell  or hold  
securities  and  may  be  subject  to  suspension, reduction 
or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating  agency.  
The  rating  agenc[y/ies]  above [has/have]  published  the  
following  high-level description[s] of such rating[s]: 
- A rating of [     ] by Moody’s Investors Service Limited 
is described by it as indicating [ ]. 
- A rating of [     ] by S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited is described by it as indicating [ ]. 
- A rating of [     ] by Fitch Ratings Ltd. is described by it 
as indicating [ ].] 
[The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, 
that rating.] 
3. 
NOTIFICATION 
 
[Not applicable.] / [The Central Bank of Ireland [has been requested to provide/has provided - 
include first alternative for an issue which is contemporaneous with the establishment or update of 
the Programme and the second alternative for subsequent issues] the [Commissione Nazionale per la 
Società e la Borsa] [Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier] [names of competent 
authorities of host Member States] with a certificate of approval attesting that the Base Prospectus 
[and the supplement thereto dated [•]] has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation][and, in the case of an offer to the public, the Base Prospectus [and the supplement 
thereto dated [•]] have been/will be filed with the competent authority of the host Member State.] 
4. 
INTERESTS 
OF 
NATURAL 
AND 
LEGAL 
PERSONS 
INVOLVED 
IN 
THE 
ISSUE/OFFER] 
 
[Save for the fees payable to the managers [and as discussed in [•],] so far as the Issuer is aware, no 
person involved in the issue/offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.] [Amend as

--- Page 209 ---
201 
 
 
appropriate if there are other interests] 
5. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
 
[(i) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[Not applicable] [•] 
 
 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need 
to split out and present in order of priority. If proceeds 
insufficient to fund all proposed uses state amount and 
sources of other funding.)] * 
 
(ii) 
Estimated total expenses: 
[Not applicable] [•] 
 
 
 
[Include breakdown of expenses.] 
 
[(iii) 
[Reasons for the offer: 
[See the section of the Base Prospectus entitled “Use of 
proceeds”.] 
 
 
 
(Delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph if 
Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects or 
Eligible 
Sustainability 
Projects 
are 
not 
relevant. 
Otherwise, insert the details below, to the extent known at 
the date of the Final Terms.) 
 
 
 
[The net proceeds of the issue of Notes will be applied by 
the Issuer to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, 
Eligible [Green / Social / Sustainability] Projects, as set out 
in further detail below. Capitalised terms shown below 
have the meaning given to them in the section of the Base 
Prospectus entitled “Use of Proceeds”. ] 
 
 
 
Eligible projects:  
[     ] 
 
 
 
Periodic updates: 
(Insert details of periodic updates, including an updated 
list of Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects or 
Eligible Sustainability Projects (as the case may be) 
financed and/or refinanced with the net proceeds of the 
Notes, the amounts allocated and their expected impact, 
any ongoing process of verification and information on key 
performance indicators relating to such projects.) 
 
 
 
Documents on 
display:  
(State where the list of eligible projects and any documents 
containing periodic updates are or will be available for 
viewing by Noteholders.)] 
6. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only] YIELD 
 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph 6) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•] 
 
 
Yield is calculated on the basis of the Issue Price[,] [and] 
the Fixed Coupon [and the Broken Amount]. 
7. 
[Floating Rate Notes only] HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]

--- Page 210 ---
202 
 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph 7) 
 
Details of historic [EURIBOR/LIBOR/LIBID/LIMEAN/CMS] rates can be obtained from 
[Reuters][•] [insert relevant code of information providers].] 
[Benchmarks: 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by 
reference to [●] which is provided by [●]. As at [●], [●] 
[appears/does not appear] on the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to 
Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
No. 2016/1011) (the "Benchmarks Regulation"). [As far 
as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that 
[●] is not currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration.]] 
8. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[•] 
 
Common Code: 
[•] 
 
CFI 
[•][[, as set out on the website of the Association of 
National Number Agencies (ANNA)/ [•]]] [Not applicable] 
 
FISN 
[•][[, as set out on the website of the Association of 
National Number Agencies (ANNA)/ [•]]]/[Not applicable] 
 
New Global Note intended to be held 
in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,][include this text for registered notes] and does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognized as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue 
or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] / 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the date 
of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper,][include this text for 
registered notes]. Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]] 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) number(s) and address(es)]

--- Page 211 ---
203 
 
 
relevant identification number(s): 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Initial Paying Agents: 
[•] 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
9. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
If syndicated, names and 
addresses of Managers and 
underwriting commitments: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph (i)) 
 
 
 
(if applicable give names and addresses and underwriting 
commitments) 
 
 
 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and names 
and addresses of the entities agreeing to place the issue 
without a firm commitment or on a “best efforts” basis if 
such entities are not the same as the Managers.) 
 
[(ii) 
[Date 
of 
[Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[Not Applicable / [•]] 
 
(iii)] 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if 
any):)) 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
 
If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
 
US Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA C/ TEFRA D/ 
TEFRA not applicable] 
 
 
Non-exempt offer: 
[Not Applicable] [An offer of the Notes may be made by 
the Managers and [specify if applicable] other than pursuant 
to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in [specify 
relevant Member State(s) -which must be jurisdictions 
where the Prospectus and any supplements have been 
passported] (“Public Offer Jurisdictions”) during the 
period from [specify date] until [specify date] (“Offer 
Period”). See further Paragraph 10 (Terms and Conditions 
of the Offer) of Part B below. 
 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
and UK Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products, 
“Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute “packaged” products, “Applicable” should be 
specified.) 
[PRIIPs Regulation / Prospectus Regulation / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA AND UK 
RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area (“EEA”) or in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as 
amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a

--- Page 212 ---
204 
 
 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA or in the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA or in the UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
MiFID II product governance / target market - [appropriate target market legend to be included] 
10. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER 
 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph 10) 
 
Offer Period: 
[•] to [•] 
 
Offer Amount: 
[•] [provided that, during the Offer Period, the Issuer will 
be entitled [(following consultation with the relevant 
Dealer(s)[Distributor(s))] to increase such Offer Amount up 
to [•]] [provided [further] that, during the Offer Period the 
Issuer will be entitled [(following consultation with the 
relevant Dealer(s) [Distributor(s)])] to extend the length of 
the Offer Period]. The Issuer [and the relevant Dealer(s) 
[Distributor(s)])] shall forthwith give notice of any such 
[increase] [and/or] [extension] pursuant to Condition 12 
(Notices) of the [Senior / Subordinated] Conditions and 
comply with any applicable laws and regulations.] [specify] 
 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price][specify] 
 
Conditions to which the offer is 
subject: 
[Not Applicable] [•] 
 
Description 
of 
the 
application 
process: 
[Not Applicable] [•] 
 
Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions 
and 
manner 
for 
refunding excess amount paid by 
applicants: 
[Not Applicable] [•] 
 
Details of the minimum and/or 
maximum amount of application: 
[Not Applicable] [•] 
 
Details of the method and time limits 
for paying up and delivering the 
Notes: 
[Not Applicable] [•] 
 
Manner in and date on which results 
of the offer are to be made public: 
[Not Applicable] [•] 
 
Procedure for exercise of any right of 
pre-emption, 
negotiability 
of 
subscription rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised: 
[Not Applicable] [•] 
 
Process for notification to applicants 
of the amount allotted and the 
indication whether dealing may begin 
[Not Applicable] [•]

--- Page 213 ---
205 
 
 
before notification is made: 
 
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically charged to the subscriber 
or purchaser: 
[Not Applicable] [•] 
 
Name(s) and address(es), to the 
extent known to the Issuer, of the 
placers in the various countries where 
the offer takes place: 
[None] [•] 
11. 
CONSENT TO THE USE OF PROSPECTUS 
 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph 11) 
 
Consent 
to 
the 
use 
of 
Base 
Prospectus: 
[The Issuer consents to the use of the Base Prospectus in 
[Italy] [and] [or] [Ireland] [and] [or] [Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg] by all financial intermediaries (general 
consent).] 
 
 
[General consent for the subsequent resale or final 
placement of the Notes in [Italy] [and] [or] [Ireland] [and] 
[or] [Grand Duchy of Luxembourg] by the financial 
intermediary[y][ies] is given in relation to [].] 
 
 
[The Issuer consents to the use of the Base Prospectus in 
[Italy] [and] [or] [Ireland] [and] [or] [Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg] 
by 
the 
following 
financial 
intermediary[y][ies] (individual consent): [insert names] 
and address[es]].] 
 
 
[Individual consent for the subsequent resale or final 
placement of the Notes in [Italy] [and] [or] [Ireland] [and] 
[or] [Grand Duchy of Luxembourg] by the financial 
intermediary[y][ies] is given in relation to [] to [insert 
names] and address[es]] and [give details].] 
 
 
[The Issuer[s]’s consent to the use of the Base Prospectus 
by each [Dealer] [and] [financial intermediary] is subject to 
the 
condition 
that 
such 
[Dealer] 
[and] 
[financial 
intermediary] 
complies 
with 
the 
applicable 
selling 
restrictions as well as the terms and conditions of the offer.] 
 
 
[Such Issuer[s]’s consent to the use of the Base Prospectus 
is also subject and given under condition that the [Dealers] 
[and] [financial intermediaries] using the Base Prospectus 
commit[s] [themselves] [itself] towards [their] [its] 
customers to a responsible distribution of the Notes. This 
commitment is made by the publication of the [Dealers] 
[and] [financial intermediaries] on [their] [its] website 
stating that the prospectus is used with the consent of the 
Issuer and subject to the conditions set forth with the 
consent].] [Beside, such consent is not subject to and given 
under any condition.] 
 
 
[The subsequent resale or final placement of the Notes by 
financial intermediaries in [Italy] [and] [or] [Ireland] [and]

--- Page 214 ---
206 
 
 
[or] [Grand Duchy of Luxembourg] can be made [as long as 
the Base Prospectus is valid in accordance with Article 12 
of the Prospectus Regulation] [•].] 
 
PART C – SUMMARY OF THE SPECIFIC ISSUE 
[Insert Summary of the specific issue]

--- Page 215 ---
207 
 
 
 
(B) 
Form of Final Terms for Notes with a denomination of at least EUR 100,000 
The following form of Final Terms shall be used for the issue of Notes having a denomination of at least 
EUR 100,000 (or the equivalent amount in any other currencies in which the Notes are denominated). 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Notes will be substantially in the following form, duly 
completed to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. Text in this section 
appearing in italics does not form part of the form of the Final Terms but denotes directions for 
completing the Final Terms. 
[PRIIPs Regulation PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or in the 
United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID 
II”) or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA or in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
EEA or in the UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]  
MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market - Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the [Notes] has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the [Notes] is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the [Notes] to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
[Notes] (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the [Notes] (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore 
(the SFA) - [To insert notice if classification of the Notes is not “prescribed capital markets products”, 
pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA or Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-
N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations 
on Investment Products)]]3) 
Final Terms 
[MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): PSNL19R2RXX5U3QWHI44 / 
MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (Luxembourg) S.A. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 549300DV870NBWY5W279] 
Issue of [currency] [aggregate principal amount] Notes due [maturity] 
[guaranteed in the case of Notes issued by MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (Luxembourg) S.A. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 549300DV870NBWY5W279 by 
MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): PSNL19R2RXX5U3QWHI44] 
                                                          
3) Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the relevant Issuer prior to 
the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA

--- Page 216 ---
208 
 
 
under the 
Euro [40,000,000,000] 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Issue Price: [•] per cent. 
[Dealer(s)][•]] 
The date of these Final Terms is [•] 
The Base Prospectus referred to below (as [supplemented by the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated 
[•] and] completed by these Final Terms) has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Notes in any 
Member State of the European Economic Area will be made pursuant to an exemption under the 
Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offer of the Notes. Accordingly 
any person making or intending to make an offer in that Member State of the Notes may only do so in 
circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has 
authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in any other circumstances.  
[This document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein. Terms used 
herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [Senior / Subordinated] Conditions 
set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 18 December 2020 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus 
dated [insert date] [delete if not applicable],] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129). This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as supplemented from time to time]. Full information on the 
Issuer [and the Guarantor] and the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final 
Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is/are] 
available for viewing at [address] and [website] and copies may be obtained [upon request] from 
[address]] 
[The Notes cannot be sold, offered or distributed to any retail client as defined pursuant to point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended, in any EEA Member State.] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
[This document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein. Terms used 
herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [Senior / Subordinated] Conditions 
(the “Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [11 January 2007][4 December 2007][12 
December 2008][16 December 2009][13 January 2011][30 November 2011][23 January 2013][27 
January 2014][19 December 2014][11 December 2015][22 December 2016][24 January 2018][21 
December 2018][16 December 2019]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described 
herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129) (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”) and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 18 December 2020 [and 
the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [•]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the 
Base Prospectus dated [original date] which is incorporated by reference to the Base Prospectus dated 18 
December 2020. Full information on the Issuer [and the Guarantor] and the Notes is only available on the 
basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectuses dated [date of original base 
prospectus] and 16 December 2019 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [•]]. The Base 
Prospectuses [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is/are] available for viewing at the registered 
office[s] of the Issuer [and of the Guarantor] [at [•].] The Base Prospectus and, in the case of Notes 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Euronext Dublin, the applicable Final Terms will also 
be published on the website of the Euronext Dublin (http://www.ise.ie).]  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “not applicable”. Note that the numbering should

--- Page 217 ---
209 
 
 
remain as set out below, even if individual items are deleted.] 
[When completing any final terms, consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination 
may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
PART A – GENERAL 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
 
[(iii)] 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series:] 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier tranches] on [the Issue 
Date] [exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred 
to in paragraph 24 below, which is expected to 
occur on or about [date]] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(Only relevant if the Notes are fungible with an 
existing Series). 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes 
[admitted to trading]: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[•] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[[•] per Note] [[•] per cent. of the Aggregate 
Nominal Amount [plus accrued interest from 
[insert date] (in the case of fungible issues only, if 
applicable)]] 
5. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[EUR 100,000] [•] [and integral multiples of [•] in 
excess thereof up to and including [•]. No [Senior 
Preferred] [Subordinated] Notes in definitive form 
will be issued with a denomination above [•].] 
 
 
 
([Senior 
Preferred] 
[Subordinated] 
Notes 
including [Senior Preferred] [Subordinated] Notes 
denominated in Sterling, in respect of which the 
issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in 
the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise 
constitutes a contravention of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 and which have a 
maturity of less than one year must have a 
minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies).) 
[EUR 250,000] [•] [and integral multiples of [•] in 
excess thereof up to and including [•]. No Senior 
Non Preferred Notes in definitive form will be 
issued with a denomination above [•].]

--- Page 218 ---
210 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] (If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one 
Specified 
Denomination, 
insert 
the 
highest 
common factor. There must be a common factor in 
the case of two or more Specified Denominations.) 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in relevant month and year.] 
 
 
(N.B. Unless otherwise permitted by current laws, 
regulations, directives and/or the Bank of Italy’s 
requirements 
applicable 
to 
the 
issue 
of 
Subordinated Notes by the Issuer must have a 
minimum maturity of five years.) 
 
 
(If the Maturity Date is less than one year from the 
Issue Date and either (a) the issue proceeds are 
received by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or 
(b) the activity of issuing the Notes is carried on 
from an establishment maintained by the Issuer in 
the United Kingdom, (i) the Notes must have a 
minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies) and be sold only to 
“professional investors” or (ii) another applicable 
exemption from section 19 of the FSMA must be 
available.) 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
(Condition 3(d) (Interest Rate on Fixed 
Rate Notes) or Condition 3(f) (Interest Rate 
on Floating Rate Notes) or Condition 3(m) 
(Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes or (Condition 3(d) (Interest Rate 
on Fixed Rate Notes) or Condition 3(f) 
(Interest Rate on Floating Rate Notes) or 
Condition 3(m) (Late payment on Zero 
Coupon Notes) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Italian Law Notes) 
[Fixed Rate Notes] 
[[•] per cent. to be reset on [•] [and [•]] and every 
[•] anniversary thereafter]  
[[EURIBOR] 
[LIBOR] 
[LIBID] 
[LIMEAN] 
[CMS] [specify relevant yield of Government 
securities] +/- [•]per cent. per annum Floating 
Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
 
 
[Instalment] 
10. 
Change of Interest: 
[Applicable - Condition 3(n) (Interest Rate Switch) 
of 
the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions 
of 
the 
[English][Italian] Law Notes shall apply] 
 
 
[Not Applicable - Condition 3(n) (Interest Rate 
Switch) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
[English][Italian] Law Notes shall not apply]

--- Page 219 ---
211 
 
 
 
Interest Rate Switch Date: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Insert description of change of interest rate] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
((Condition 4(f) (Redemption at the option 
of 
the 
Issuer) 
or 
(Condition 
4(h) 
(Redemption at the option of holders of 
Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes or (Condition 4(f) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) or 
(Condition 4(h) (Redemption at the option 
of holders of Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Italian Law Notes) 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
 
12. 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Preferred Notes] [Senior Non Preferred 
Notes] [Subordinated Notes] 
 
(ii) 
(In respect of Senior Preferred 
Notes only): 
 
 
 
[Waiver of set-off rights:] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[(iii) 
[Date 
[Board] 
approval 
for 
issuance of Notes [and Guarantee] 
obtained: 
[•] [and [•], respectively]] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes or related guarantee of the Notes) 
13. 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated] [Non-syndicated] 
14. 
[Taxation:] 
[Gross Up is applicable pursuant to paragraph (viii) 
of Condition 6(a) (Taxation - Gross Up) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the [English][Italian] 
Law Notes] 
 
 
[Gross Up is not applicable pursuant to paragraph 
(viii) of Condition 6(a) (Taxation - Gross Up) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the [English][Italian] 
Law Notes] 
15. 
Business Day Convention 
[Following Business Day Convention [Modified 
Following Business Day Convention] [Preceding 
Business Day Convention] [adjusted] [unadjusted] 
16. 
Events of Default 
[In case of Senior Preferred Notes specify if there 
are Events of Default which are not applicable]

--- Page 220 ---
212 
 
 
17. 
Governing Law: 
[English law applicable] [Italian law applicable] , 
also in accordance with the provisions of 
Regulation (EC) no. 864/2007 of 11 July 2007 on 
the law applicable to non-contractual obligations 
(the “Rome II Regulation”) [except for: (I) in 
case of Notes issued by Mediobanca, Conditions 
2(b) (Status of the Senior Preferred Notes), 2(c) 
(Status of the Senior Non Preferred Notes), 2(d) 
(Status 
of 
the 
Subordinated 
Notes), 
4(b) 
(Maturities/Final Redemption), 4(g) (Redemption 
for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)), 8(b) 
(Events of Default of the Senior Non Preferred 
Notes), 8(c) (Events of Default of the Subordinated 
Notes) and 16 (Acknowledgment of the Italian / 
Luxembourg Bail-in Power) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes, are governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
Italian law; (II) in case of Senior Preferred Notes 
issued by Mediobanca International, Conditions 
2(b) (Status of the Senior Preferred Notes), 4(b) 
(Maturities/Final Redemption), 4(g) (Redemption 
for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)) and 
[15/16] 
(Acknowledgment 
of 
the 
Italian 
/ 
Luxembourg Bail-in Power) of the [Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes] [Terms and 
Conditions of the Italian Law Notes], are governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
Luxembourgish law.] [For the avoidance of doubt, 
articles 470-3 to 470-19 of the Luxembourg 
Company Law shall not apply to Senior Preferred 
Notes issued by Mediobanca International.] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
18. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph 18) 
 
(i) 
Interest Rate(s): 
[•] per cent. [per annum] [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] [in each year[]] starting from (and including)[] 
up to(and including)[] [and including the Maturity 
Date] / [specify other] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention and any 
applicable Business Centre(s) for the definition of 
“Business Day”]/not adjusted] 
 
 
 
(N.B. This will need to be amended in the case of 
long or short coupons) 
 
[(iii)] 
Interest Accrual Dates(s): 
[The Interest Accrual Dates are [•] in each year up 
to and including the Maturity Date.] [The Interest 
Accrual Dates shall be the Interest Payment Dates.] 
 
(iv) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount payable on [each 
Interest Payment Date] [the Interest Payment 
Date(s) falling [in/on] [•]] [Not applicable]

--- Page 221 ---
213 
 
 
 
(v) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention [Modified 
Following Business Day Convention] [Preceding 
Business Day Convention] [adjusted] [unadjusted] 
 
(vii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[1/1] 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] [30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] [30E/360 (ISDA)] 
19. 
Reset Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph 19) 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear [on each 
Interest Payment Date]  
 
 
(ii) 
First Margin: 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum  
 
 
(iii) 
Subsequent Margin:  
[[+/-][•] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable]  
 
 
(iv) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] [and [•]] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date [until and excluding [•]]  
 
 
(v) 
Fixed Coupon Amount up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable]  
 
 
(vi) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•]][Not Applicable]  
 
 
(vii) 
First Reset Date: 
[•]  
 
 
(viii) 
Second Reset Date: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]  
 
 
(ix) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[•] [and [•]]  
 
 
(x) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]  
 
 
(xi) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate]  
 
 
(xii) 
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[•]

--- Page 222 ---
214 
 
 
 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual (ISDA)]  
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]  
[Actual/360]  
[30/360/360/360/Bond Basis]  
[30E/360/Eurobond Basis]  
[30E/360 (ISDA)]  
[Actual/Actual ICMA]  
 
(xiv) 
Determination Dates: 
[•] in each year  
 
 
(xv) 
Business Centre(s): 
[•]  
 
 
(xvi) 
Calculation Agent: 
[the Agent] / [•]  
 
20. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph 20) 
 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[•] 
 
[(iii)] 
Interest Accrual Dates(s): 
[The Interest Accrual Dates are [•] in each year up 
to and including the Maturity Date.] [The Interest 
Accrual Dates shall be the Interest Payment Dates.] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention] [Modified 
Following Business Day Convention] [Preceding 
Business Day Convention] [adjusted] [unadjusted] 
 
(v) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable] [•] 
 
(vi) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[[Screen 
Rate 
Determination] 
[ISDA 
Determination] (for Senior Preferred Notes and 
Subordinated Notes) / [Screen Rate Determination] 
(for Senior Non Preferred Notes)] 
 
(vii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Fiscal 
Agent): 
[•] [Name] shall be the Calculation Agent (no need 
to specify if the Fiscal Agent is to perform this 
function)] 
 
(viii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph (viii)) 
 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR] [LIBOR] [LIBID] [LIMEAN] [CMS] 
[specify relevant yield of Government securities]  
 
 
 
Specified Duration: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Multiplier 
[•] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 223 ---
215 
 
 
 
 
 
Reference Rate Multiplier 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[The Interest Determination Date in respect of each 
Interest Period is [the first day of each Interest 
Period] [the second day on which TARGET2 is 
open prior to the first day of each Interest Period] 
[the day falling two Banking Days prior to the first 
day of each Interest Period] [•]]Typically second 
London business day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if LIBOR (other than Sterling or 
euro LIBOR), first day of each Interest Period if 
Sterling 
LIBOR 
and 
the 
second 
TARGET 
Settlement Day prior to the start of each Interest 
Period if EURIBOR or euro LIBOR) 
 
 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[For example, Reuters page EURIBOR01] 
 
 
 
Relevant Time 
[For example, 11.00 a.m. [London / Brussels] time] 
 
 
 
Relevant Financial Centre 
[For example, London/Euro-zone (where Euro-
zone means the region comprised of the countries 
whose lawful currency is the euro)] 
 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
[[Applicable/Not Applicable] (for Senior Preferred 
Notes and Subordinated Notes) / [Not Applicable] 
(for Senior Non Preferred Notes)] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph (x)) 
 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Reset Date: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[[+/-][•] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Minimum Interest Rate: 
[[•] [Not Applicable](for Senior Preferred Notes 
and 
Subordinated 
Notes)/Not 
Applicable(for 
Senior Non Preferred Notes)] 
 
(xiii) 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[[•] [Not Applicable](for Senior Preferred Notes 
and 
Subordinated 
Notes)/Not 
Applicable(for 
Senior Non Preferred Notes)] 
 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[1/1] 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] [30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] [30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(xv) 
Interest calculation method for 
short or long Interest Periods: 
[Linear Interpolation, in respect of the Interest 
Period beginning on (and including) [•] and ending 
on (but excluding) [•]] 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable - there are no short or long Interest 
Periods] 
21. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 224 ---
216 
 
 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph 21) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum. 
 
 
 
Calculated as [include details of method of 
calculation in summary form] on the Issue Date on 
the basis of the Issue Price. 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[•] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
22. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph 22) 
 
(i) 
European Style 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph (i)) 
 
 
 
Notice Period(s): 
[•] (at least 5 business days prior notice) 
 
(ii) 
American Style 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph (ii)) 
 
 
 
Exercise Period(s): 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
(Call) and method, if any, of 
calculation of such amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(v) 
Partial Redemption: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph (v)) 
 
(vi) 
Minimum Redemption Amount 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(vii) 
Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
23. 
Regulatory 
Call 
/ 
Redemption 
for 
taxation reasons 
 
 
(i) 
Regulatory Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete sub-paragraph (ii)of this 
paragraph (i))

--- Page 225 ---
217 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption 
for 
regulatory reasons (subject to the 
prior approval of the Relevant 
Authority) as contemplated by 
Condition 4(g) (Redemption for 
regulatory reasons (Regulatory 
Call)) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes or by 
Condition 4(g) (Redemption for 
regulatory reasons (Regulatory 
Call)) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Italian Law Notes 
[[•] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(iii) 
Redemption for taxation reasons 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Modification 
following 
a 
[MREL/TLAC 
Disqualification 
Event / Regulatory Event or Tax 
Event] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
24. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph 24) 
 
(i) 
European Style 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph (i)) 
 
 
 
Notice Period(s): 
[•] (at least 5 business days prior notice) 
 
(ii) 
American Style 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph (ii)) 
 
 
 
Exercise Period(s): 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
(Put): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(v) 
Partial Redemption: 
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph (v)) 
 
(vi) 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(vii) 
Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
25. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
26. 
Early Redemption Amount

--- Page 226 ---
218 
 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event 
of default: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
 
[An amount in the Specified Currency being the 
Nominal Amount of the Notes] 
 
 
 
[An amount in the Specified Currency being the 
higher of (i) the Nominal Amount of the Notes and 
(ii) the fair economic value of the Notes at the date 
of redemption, as determined and calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole discretion in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as 
representing the fair economic value of the Note at 
the date of redemption]. 
 
 
 
[An amount in the Specified Currency which the 
Calculation Agent will determine and calculate in 
its sole discretion in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner as representing 
the fair economic value of the Note at the date of 
redemption, without making any reduction to such 
value by reason of the financial condition of the 
Issuer but taking into account (without duplication) 
any costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer in 
connection with the termination of any agreement 
or instrument entered into by the Issuer for the 
purposes of hedging the risk arising from the 
entering into and performance of its obligations 
under the Notes.] 
 
 
 
[The Early Redemption Amount Payable on Event 
of Default shall be Euro [•] for each Note of Euro 
[•] Specified Denomination.] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
27. 
 
Form of Notes: 
Bearer Notes: 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [•] days’ notice/at any time/in 
the 
limited 
circumstances 
specified 
in 
the 
Permanent Global Note.] 
 
 
 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes on [•] days’ notice.] 
 
 
 
[Permanent 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes on [•] days’ notice/at any time/in 
the 
limited 
circumstances 
specified 
in 
the 
Permanent Global Note]. 
 
 
 
[the Permanent Global Note representing the Notes 
shall only be exchangeable for Definitive Notes in 
the limited circumstances of (1) closure of the 
ICSDs; and (2) default of the Issuer]

--- Page 227 ---
219 
 
 
 
 
 
[The Notes will be issued and held in book-entry 
form by [Monte Titoli S.p.A/ include the name of 
any other custodian appointed by the Issuer], as 
Centralised Custodian.] 
28. 
New Global Note form: 
[Yes/No] 
29. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) relating to 
Payment Business Dates: 
[Not Applicable] [•] 
 
 
[Note that this item relates to the date and place of 
payment and not to interest period end dates] 
30. 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and dates on 
which such Talons mature): 
[No] 
[Yes. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon 
payments are left. The dates on which such Talons 
mature are [•].] 
31. 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
(amount of each instalment, date on which 
each payment is to be made): 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
32. 
Total Repurchase Option / Partial 
Repurchase Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph 32) 
 
(i) 
Total Repurchase Option date / 
Partial Repurchase Option date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Repurchase 
amount(s) 
and 
method(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[•] (at least 5 business days prior notice) 
33. 
US Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA C/ 
TEFRA D/ TEFRA not applicable] 
34. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If 
the Notes may constitute “packaged” products, 
“Applicable” should be specified.)

--- Page 228 ---
220 
 
 
[PRIIPs Regulation PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The 
Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or in the 
United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”) 
or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA or in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
EEA or in the UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
MiFID II product governance / target market - [appropriate target market legend to be included] 
 
RESPONSIBILITY [AND THIRD PARTY INFORMATION] 
[The Issuer [and the Guarantor] accept[s] responsibility for the information contained in these Final 
Terms.] [The third party information contained in these Final Terms [[•] has been extracted from [•].] 
[[Each of the] [The] Issuer [and the Guarantor] confirms that such third party information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published 
by [•], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.].] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
 
 
By:  ......................................................................... 
By:  .........................................................................  
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised 
[Signed on behalf of the Guarantor: 
 
 
 
By:  ......................................................................... 
By:  .........................................................................  
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised] 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Official List of Euronext Dublin/Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange/Italian Stock Exchange/None] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
[the Euronext Dublin] [the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange] [the Italian Stock Exchange] [specify 
relevant regulated market] with effect from [•] 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on [the Euronext Dublin] [the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange] [the Italian Stock Exchange] 
[specify relevant regulated market] with effect 
from [•].] 
 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to

--- Page 229 ---
221 
 
 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted to 
trading.) 
 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[•] 
2. 
RATINGS 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph 2) 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected 
to be]] rated [insert details] by [insert the legal 
name of the relevant credit rating agency 
entity(ies)]. 
 
 
[Depending on the status of the credit rating 
agency with respect to the CRA Regulation, the 
wording below should be considered.] 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency entity] is established in the European Union 
or in the United Kingdom and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended). As 
such [insert the legal name of the relevant credit 
rating agency entity] is included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website in 
accordance 
with 
such 
Regulation 
– 
see 
www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-
certified-CRAs.]  
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU 
credit rating agency entity] is not established in the 
European Union or in the United Kingdom and it is 
not registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 (as amended). [Insert the legal 
name of the relevant non-EU credit rating agency 
entity] is therefore not included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website in 
accordance with such Regulation.] 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU 
credit rating agency entity] is not established in the 
European Union or in the United Kingdom and has 
not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No. 
1060/2009 
(as 
amended) 
(the 
“CRA 
Regulation”). The ratings [[have been]/[are 
expected to be]] endorsed by [insert the legal name 
of the relevant EU-registered credit rating agency 
entity] in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
[Insert the legal name of the relevant EU-
registered 
credit 
rating 
agency 
entity] 
is 
established in the European Union or in the United 
Kingdom 
and 
registered 
under 
the 
CRA 
Regulation. As such [insert the legal name of the 
relevant EU credit rating agency entity] is included 
in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its

--- Page 230 ---
222 
 
 
website in accordance with the CRA Regulation – 
see www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-
certified-CRAs.]  
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU 
credit rating agency entity] is not established in the 
European Union or in the United Kingdom and has 
not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No. 
1060/2009 
(as 
amended) 
(the 
“CRA 
Regulation”), but it [is]/[has applied to be] 
certified in accordance with such Regulation [and it 
is included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority on its website in accordance with the 
CRA 
Regulation 
see 
www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-
certified-CRAs]/[although 
notification 
of 
the 
corresponding certification decision has not yet 
been provided by the relevant competent authority 
and [insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU 
credit rating agency entity] is not included in the 
list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website in accordance with the CRA Regulation].] 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency entity] is established in the European Union 
or in the United Kingdom and has applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
(as amended), although 
notification of 
the 
corresponding registration decision has not yet 
been provided by the relevant competent authority 
and [insert the legal name of the relevant credit 
rating agency entity] is not included in the list of 
credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website in 
accordance with such Regulation.]] 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU 
credit rating agency entity] is not established in the 
European Union or in the United Kingdom and has 
not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No. 
1060/2009 
(as 
amended) 
(the 
“CRA 
Regulation”). 
However, 
the 
application 
for 
registration under the CRA Regulation of [insert 
the legal name of the relevant EU credit rating 
agency entity that applied for registration], which 
is established in the European Union or in the 
United Kingdom, disclosed the intention to endorse 
credit ratings of [insert the legal name of the 
relevant non-EU credit rating agency entity][, 
although 
notification 
of 
the 
corresponding 
registration decision has not yet been provided by 
the relevant competent authority and [insert the 
legal name of the relevant EU credit rating agency 
entity] is not included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority on its website in accordance

--- Page 231 ---
223 
 
 
with the CRA Regulation].] 
[The following brief description of the meaning of 
the ratings to be included if such ratings have been 
previously published by the rating provider] 
[A  rating  is  not  a  recommendation  to  buy,  sell  
or hold  securities  and  may  be  subject  to  
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by 
the assigning rating  agency.  The  rating  
agenc[y/ies]  above [has/have]  published  the  
following  high-level description[s] of such 
rating[s]: 
- A rating of [     ] by Moody’s Investors Service 
Limited is described by it as indicating [ ]. 
- A rating of [     ] by S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited is described by it as indicating [ ]. 
- A rating of [     ] by Fitch Ratings Ltd. is 
described by it as indicating [ ].] 
[The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating.] 
3. 
NOTIFICATION 
 
[Not applicable] / [The Central Bank of Ireland [has been requested to provide/has provided – 
include first alternative for an issue which is contemporaneous with the establishment or update 
of the Programme and the second alternative for subsequent issues] the [Commissione Nazionale 
per la Società e la Borsa] [Surveillance du Secteur Financier] [names of competent authorities of 
host Member States] with a certificate of approval attesting that the Base Prospectus [and the 
supplement thereto dated [•]] has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation.] 
4. 
INTERESTS 
OF 
NATURAL 
AND 
LEGAL 
PERSONS 
INVOLVED 
IN 
THE 
[ISSUE/OFFER] 
 
[Save for the fees payable to the managers [and as discussed in [•],] so far as the Issuer is aware, 
no person involved in the issue/offer of the Notes has an interest material to the issue/offer.] 
[Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
5. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
[(i) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[Not applicable] [•] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use 
will need to split out and present in order of 
priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund all 
proposed uses state amount and sources of other 
funding.)] * 
[(ii) 
Estimated total expenses: 
[•] 
 
 
[Include breakdown of expenses.] 
[(iii) 
[Reasons for the offer: 
[See the section of the Base Prospectus entitled 
“Use of proceeds”.]

--- Page 232 ---
224 
 
 
 
 
(Delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph if Eligible Green Projects, Eligible 
Social Projects or Eligible Sustainability Projects 
are not relevant. Otherwise, insert the details 
below, to the extent known at the date of the Final 
Terms.) 
 
 
[The net proceeds of the issue of Notes will be 
applied by the Issuer to finance or refinance, in 
whole or in part, Eligible [Green / Social / 
Sustainability] Projects, as set out in further detail 
below. Capitalised terms shown below have the 
meaning given to them in the section of the Base 
Prospectus entitled “Use of Proceeds”. ] 
 
Eligible projects:  
[     ] 
 
Periodic updates: 
(Insert details of periodic updates, including an 
updated list of Eligible Green Projects, Eligible 
Social Projects or Eligible Sustainability Projects 
(as the case may be) financed and/or refinanced 
with the net proceeds of the Notes, the amounts 
allocated and their expected impact, any ongoing 
process of verification and information on key 
performance indicators relating to such projects.) 
 
Documents on display:  
(State where the list of eligible projects and any 
documents containing periodic updates are or will 
be available for viewing by Noteholders.)] 
6. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only] YIELD 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph 6) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•] 
7. 
[Floating Rate Notes only] HISTORIC 
INTEREST RATES 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph 7) 
 
Details of historic [EURIBOR/LIBOR/LIBID/LIMEAN/CMS] rates can be obtained from 
[Reuters][•] [insert relevant code of information providers].] 
[Benchmarks: 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by 
reference to [●] which is provided by [●]. As at [●], [●] 
[appears/does 
not 
appear] 
on 
the 
register 
of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established 
and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011) (the 
"Benchmarks Regulation"). [As far as the Issuer is 
aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that [●] is not 
currently 
required 
to 
obtain 
authorisation 
or 
registration.]]

--- Page 233 ---
225 
 
 
8. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[•] 
 
Common Code: 
[•] 
 
CFI 
[•][[, as set out on the website of the Association of 
National Number Agencies (ANNA)/ [•]]]/[Not 
applicable] 
 
FISN 
[•][[, as set out on the website of the Association of 
National Number Agencies (ANNA)/ [•]]]/[Not 
applicable] 
 
New Global Note intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,][include this text for registered notes] 
and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
be recognized as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] / 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered 
in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper,][include this text for 
registered notes]. Note that this does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will then be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at 
any time during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]] 
 
Any 
clearing 
system(s) 
other 
than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking 
S.A. 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) number(s) and 
address(es)] 
 
Initial Paying Agents: 
 
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
9. 
SECONDARY MARKET PRICING 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraph of this paragraph 9)

--- Page 234 ---
226 
 
 
 
 
[In the event that the Issuer decides to purchase the 
Notes from the Noteholder prior to the Maturity 
Date, the secondary market pricing provided by the 
Issuer on the Notes will reflect [•] (give details of 
hedge unwinding costs and/or loss of profit related 
to such hedging portfolio)] 
10. 
SPECIFIC BUY BACK PROVISIONS 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraph of this paragraph 10) 
 
 
[The value of the Notes shall reflect and shall be 
calculated on the basis of the Market Value of the 
Underlying Transactions. 
 
 
The Market Value of the Underlying Transactions 
affects the repurchase price (Buy Back Price), if 
any, of the Notes, before their maturity.] 
 
 
Underlying Transactions: 
Information on the composition (unbundling) of the 
Interest Basis, in particular the Extra-Yield with 
respect to the yield of Notes with equal payoff but 
without Specific Buy Back Provisions, and the 
composition of the Underlying Transactions, and 
any relevant changes thereof, shall be published on 
[the website of Mediobanca www.mediobanca.it]  
[the 
website 
of 
Mediobanca 
International 
www.mediobanca.it] 
[the 
website 
of 
the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange] [the website of the 
Euronext Dublin] [specify alternative method of 
publication]].]

--- Page 235 ---
227 
 
 
TAXATION  
The tax legislation of the investor’s Member State and of the Issuers’ country of incorporation may have 
an impact on the income received from the securities. 
The following is a general overview of certain Italian, Luxembourg and Irish tax aspects of the purchase, 
the ownership and the disposal of the Notes. It does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all 
the tax issues which may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the Notes 
and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors and of 
Notes, some of which (such as dealers in securities or commodities)  may be subject to special rules. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes are advised to consult in any case their own tax advisers concerning 
the overall tax regime of their purchase, ownership and disposal of the Notes. 
This overview assumes that Mediobanca and Mediobanca International are resident for tax purposes in 
the Republic of Italy and in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg respectively and are structured and conduct 
their business in the manner outlined in this Base Prospectus. Changes in Mediobanca and/or 
Mediobanca International’s organisational structure, tax residence or the manner in which each of them 
conducts its business, as well as in case of substitution of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor as more 
fully set out in Condition 13 (Substitution of the Issuer) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
and of the Subordinated Notes, may invalidate this overview. This overview also assumes that each 
transaction with respect to the Notes is at arm’s length. 
Where in this overview English terms and expressions are used to refer to Italian, Luxembourg and Irish 
concepts, the meaning to be attributed to such terms and expressions shall be the meaning to be 
attributed to the equivalent Italian, Luxembourg and Irish concepts under Italian, Luxembourg and Irish 
tax laws. 
This overview is based upon the laws and/or practice in force as at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
which may be subject to any changes in law and/or practice occurring after such date, which could be 
made on a retroactive basis.Neither Mediobanca nor Mediobanca International will update this summary 
to reflect changes in law and/or practice. If any such change should occur, the information in this 
overview could become obsolete. 
References to “Noteholders” herein are references to the holders of the Subordinated Notes and/or the 
Senior Non Preferred Notes and/or the Senior Preferred Notes. 
(A) 
Italian Taxation of the Notes issued by Mediobanca 
Tax on interest, premiums and other proceeds 
Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as amended and supplemented (“Decree No. 239”), 
regulates the tax treatment of interest, premiums and other income (including the difference between the 
redemption amount and the issue price) from certain securities issued, inter alia, by Italian resident banks 
(hereinafter collectively referred to as “Interest”). The provisions of Decree No. 239 only apply to Notes 
which qualify as obbligazioni (bonds) or titoli similari alle obbligazioni (securities similar to bonds) 
pursuant to Article 44 of Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986, as amended and supplemented (“Decree 
No. 917”) 
11. 
Notes qualifying as bonds or similar securities. 
Italian resident investors 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, payments of Interest accrued on Notes issued by Mediobanca will 
be subject to a substitute tax (imposta sostitutiva) at the rate of 26 per cent. in the Republic of 
Italy if made to beneficial owners who are: 
(1) 
individuals resident in the Republic of Italy for tax purposes, holding the Notes not in 
connection with entrepreneurial activities;

--- Page 236 ---
228 
 
 
(2) 
Italian resident partnerships (other than “società in nome collettivo”, “società in 
accomandita semplice” or similar partnerships), de facto partnerships not carrying out 
commercial activities; 
(3) 
Italian resident public and private entities, other than companies, not carrying out 
commercial activities; and 
(4) 
Italian resident entities exempt from corporate income tax, 
(unless the relevant Noteholder has entrusted the management of its financial assets, including 
the Notes, to an authorised intermediary and has opted for the so-called risparmio gestito regime 
(the “Asset Management Option”), according to Article 7 of Decree No. 461). 
In the event that the Noteholders described above under (1) and (3) are engaged in an 
entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected, the imposta sostitutiva applies as a 
provisional tax. As a consequence, Interest on the Notes is subject to ordinary final income tax 
and the substitute tax may be recovered as a deduction from the final income tax due. 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, società di 
intermediazione mobiliare (so-called “SIMs”), fiduciary companies, società di gestione del 
risparmio, stockbrokers and other entities, resident in Italy, identified by a Decree of the Ministry 
of Economy and Finance (“Intermediaries” and each an “Intermediary”),that intervene in any 
way in the collection of the Interest or, also as transferees, in the transfers or, disposals of the 
Notes.  
(1) 
Italian resident corporations or permanent establishments in Italy of non resident 
corporations to which the Notes are effectively connected; 
(2) 
Italian resident undertakings for collective investment (i.e., investment funds, SICAVs, 
and SICAFs other than real estate funds and real estate SICAFs), Italian resident pension 
funds subject to the regime provided for by Article 17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 
of 5 December 2005 (the “Pension Funds”), Italian resident real estate investment funds 
established pursuant to Article 37 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as 
amended and supplemented, and Article 14-bis of Law No. 86 of 25 January 1994 (the 
“Real Estate Fund”) and Italian resident SICAFs to which the provisions of Article 9 of 
Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014 (the “Decree No. 44”) apply; 
(3) 
Italian residents holding Notes not in connection with entrepreneurial activity who have 
entrusted the management of their financial assets, including the Notes, to an Italian 
authorised financial intermediary and have opted for the Asset Management Option. 
To ensure payment of Interest in respect of the Notes without the application of substitute tax, the 
investors indicated here above under (1) to (3) must be the beneficial owners of payments of 
Interest on the Notes and timely deposit the Notes together with the coupons relating to such 
Notes directly or indirectly with an Italian authorised financial Intermediary. 
An Intermediary must: (a) be resident in Italy or be a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-
Italian resident financial intermediary and (b) intervene, in any way, in the collection of interest 
or in the transfer of the Covered Bonds. For the purpose of the application of the imposta 
sostitutiva, a transfer of Covered Bonds includes any assignment or other act, either with or 
without consideration, which results in a change of the ownership of the relevant Covered Bonds 
or in a change of the Intermediary with which the Covered Bonds are deposited. 
Special rules apply if the Notes are part of an investment portfolio managed on a discretionary 
basis by an authorised intermediary and the beneficial owners of the Notes opt for the Asset 
Management Option and if the Notes are in the portfolio of Italian undertakings for collective 
investment, Pension Funds, Real Estate Funds and real estate SICAFs. 
Italian residents holding Notes not in connection with entrepreneurial activity who have opted for 
the Asset Management Option in connection with their investment in the Notes are subject to a

--- Page 237 ---
229 
 
 
26 per cent. annual substitute tax (the “Asset Management Tax”) on the increase in value of the 
managed assets accrued at the end of each tax year (which increase would include Interest 
accrued on the Notes during the holding period). The Asset Management Tax is applied on behalf 
of the taxpayer by the managing authorised intermediary. 
Payments of Interest in respect of the Notes made to Italian resident undertakings for collective 
investment are subject neither to substitute tax nor to any other income tax in the hands of the 
undertaking. A withholding tax of 26 per cent. applies on proceeds distributed by the undertaking 
or received by certain categories of unit holders or shareholders upon redemption or disposal of 
the units or shares. 
Under the regime provided by Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001 converted into law 
with amendments by Law No. 410 of 23 November 2001, Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 2010, 
converted into Law. No. 122 of 30 July 2010 and Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, as 
amended, payments of interest, premiums or other proceeds in respect of the Covered Bonds 
made to Italian resident real estate investment funds established pursuant to Article 37 of 
Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998 (the “Financial Services Act”) or pursuant to 
Article 14-bis of Law No. 86 of 25 January 1994, and Italian real estate SICAFs, both qualifying 
as such from a legal and regulatory perspective (the “Real Estate Funds”), are subject neither to 
imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of the Real Estate Fund. However, 
subsequent distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders will be subject, in certain 
circumstances, to a withholding tax of 26 per cent.; subject to certain conditions, depending on 
the status of the investor and percentage of participation, income of the Real Estate Fund is 
subject to taxation in the hands of the unitholder or shareholder regardless of distribution. 
If an investor is resident in Italy and is an open-ended or a closed-ended investment fund, a 
SICAF (an investment company with fixed capital) or a SICAV (an investment company with 
variable capital) established in Italy and either (i) the fund, the SICAF or the SICAV or (ii) their 
manager is subject to the supervision of a regulatory authority (the “Fund”), and the relevant 
Covered Bonds are held by an authorised intermediary, interest, premium and other income 
accrued during the holding period on the Covered Bonds will not be subject to imposta 
sostitutiva, but must be included in the management results of the Fund accrued at the end of 
each tax period. The Fund will not be subject to taxation on such result, but a withholding tax of 
26 per cent. will apply, in certain circumstances, to distributions made in favour of unitholders or 
shareholders. 
Italian resident Pension Funds subject to the regime set forth by Article 17, paragraph 2, of 
Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005 are subject to a 20 per cent. tax (the “Pension 
Fund Tax”) on the increase in value of the managed assets accrued at the end of each tax year 
(which increase would include Interest accrued on the Notes during the holding period). 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian 
resident individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity and social security 
entities or Pension Fund pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative 
Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from any income taxation, including the 
imposta sostitutiva, on interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes if the Notes are 
included in a long term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo 
termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1 (100-114) of Law No. 232 of 11 
December 2016 (the “Finance Act 2017”) and Law Decree 124/2019, as subsequently amended  
Interest accrued on the Notes by beneficial owners who are Italian resident corporations and 
permanent establishments in Italy of foreign corporations to which the Notes are effectively 
connected or Italian resident individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes 
are connected are subject to tax in Italy in accordance with ordinary tax rules and would be 
included, respectively, in the taxable income for (a) corporate income tax purposes (IRES) 
currently applicable at a rate of 24 per cent. (27.5 per cent. in case the Noteholder is a credit or a 
financial institution other than a management company of an undertaking for collective 
investment or a SIM), or (b) personal income taxation as business income (IRPEF), as the case 
may be. In certain circumstances, depending on the status of the Noteholder, Interest may also

--- Page 238 ---
230 
 
 
have to be included in the taxable base for regional income tax on the value of production 
(IRAP), currently applicable at a rate of 3.9 per cent. (which may be increased by each Italian 
Region by up to 0.92 per cent.) or at the increased of 4.65 per cent. and 5.90 per cent. for the 
categories of companies indicated, respectively, under Article 6 (banks and other financial 
institutions) and Article 7 (insurance companies) of Legislative Decree No. 446 of 15 December 
1997). 
Where the Notes and the relevant coupons are not deposited with an Intermediary, the substitute 
tax is applied and withheld by any Italian intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of 
foreign intermediary) that intervenes in the payment of Interest to any Noteholder or by the 
Issuer and Noteholders who are Italian resident companies or permanent establishments in Italy 
of foreign corporations to which the Notes are effectively connected are entitled to deduct the 
substitute tax suffered from income taxes due. 
Non-Italian resident investors 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, payments of Interest accrued on Notes issued by Mediobanca will 
be subject to a substitute tax at the rate of 26 per cent. in the Republic of Italy if made to 
beneficial owners who are non-Italian resident entities or individuals without a permanent 
establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected, which are not eligible for the 
exemption from substitute tax and/or do not timely and properly comply with the requirements 
set forth in Decree No. 239 and the relevant application rules in order to benefit from the 
exemption from substitute tax. As to non-Italian resident beneficial owners, the substitute tax 
may apply at lower or nil rate under double taxation treaties entered into by Italy, where 
applicable, and in any case subject to proper compliance with relevant subjective and procedural 
requirements. 
The 26 per cent. (or the lower rate provided for by the relevant applicable double taxation treaty) 
substitute tax will be generally applied by any Italian resident qualified financial intermediaries 
that will intervene, in any way, in the collection of Interest on the Notes or in the transfer of the 
Notes. 
Interest will not be subject to the 26 per cent. substitute tax if made to beneficial owners who are 
non- Italian resident beneficial owners of Notes not having a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Notes are effectively connected, provided that: 
 
such non-Italian resident beneficial owners are resident for tax purposes in a country 
which recognises the Italian fiscal authorities’ right to an adequate exchange of 
information (the “White List”), as indicated below; and 
 
all the requirements and procedures set forth in Decree No. 239 and the relevant 
implementing rules in order to benefit from the exemption from the substitute tax have 
been promptly and properly complied with. 
Decree No. 239, as amended and restated, also provides for additional exemptions from the 
substitute tax for payments of Interest in respect of the Notes made to: 
 
international bodies and organisations established in accordance with international 
agreements ratified in Italy; 
 
foreign institutional investor, whether or not subject to tax, set up in a country included 
in the White List; and 
 
Central Banks or entities managing official State reserves. 
To ensure payment of Interest in respect of the Notes without the application of the substitute tax, 
non-Italian resident investors must: 
 
be the beneficial owners of payments of Interest on the Notes;

--- Page 239 ---
231 
 
 
 
timely deposit the Notes together with the coupons relating to such Notes directly or 
indirectly with a resident bank or a società di intermediazione mobiliare (SIM) or a 
permanent establishment in Italy of a non-resident bank or SIM or with a non-resident 
operator of a clearing system having appointed as its agent in Italy for the purposes of 
Decree 239/1996 a resident bank or SIM or a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-
resident bank or SIM which are in contact, via computer, with the Italian Ministry of 
Economics; and 
 
promptly file with the relevant depository a self-declaration stating, inter alia, to be 
resident, for tax purposes, or established, as the case may be, in a country which 
recognises the Italian fiscal authorities’ right to an adequate exchange of information. 
Such self-declaration - which is requested neither for international bodies nor for entities 
set up in accordance with international agreements ratified by Italy nor for foreign 
Central Banks or entities managing official State reserves - must comply with the 
requirements set forth by Italian Ministerial Decree of 12 December 2001 and is valid 
until withdrawn or revoked. Additional statements may be required for non-Italian 
resident Noteholders who are institutional investors. 
For the purposes of the above, the currently applicable “White List” of countries allowing for an 
adequate exchange of information with Italy is provided for by Italian Ministerial Decree 4 
September 1996, as recently amended by Ministerial Decree of 9 August 2016 (the “White List 
Decree”). Pursuant to Article 11, para. 4, let. c) of Decree 239, the Ministry of Finance should 
update the White List Decree on a semi-annual basis. 
12. 
Notes qualifying as atypical securities 
Interest payments relating to Notes issued by Mediobanca that are not deemed to fall within the 
category of bonds (obbligazioni) or securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni), 
but qualify as atypical securities (titoli atipici) for Italian tax purposes, may be subject to a 
withholding tax, levied at the rate of 26 per cent.. For this purpose, as indicated above, pursuant 
to Article 44 of Decree No. 917, securities similar to bonds are securities that (i) incorporate an 
unconditional obligation to pay, at maturity, an amount not lower than their nominal value and 
(ii) do not grant to the relevant holders any right to directly or indirectly participate to the 
management of the issuer or of the business in relation to which they are issued or to control the 
same management.  
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian 
resident individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security 
entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 
of 10 February 1996 or pension funds subject to the regime provided for by Article 17 of 
Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005 may be exempt from any income taxation, 
including the withholding tax on interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes not 
falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari 
alle obbligazioni), if such Notes are included in a long-term individual savings accounts (piani 
individuali di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1 (100-
114) of the Finance Act 2017 and Law Decree 124/2019, as subsequently amended. 
Where the Noteholder is (i) an Italian resident individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to 
which the Notes are connected, (ii) an Italian resident company or a similar Italian resident 
commercial entity, (iii) a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign entity to which the Notes 
are effectively connected, (iv) an Italian resident commercial partnership or (v) an Italian resident 
commercial private or public institution, the above-mentioned 26 per cent. withholding tax 
applies as a provisional withholding tax. In all other cases, including when the Noteholder is a 
non-Italian resident, the withholding tax is a final withholding tax. Double taxation treaties 
entered into by Italy may apply allowing for a lower (or, in certain cases, nil) rate of withholding 
tax in case of payments to non Italian resident Noteholders, subject to proper compliance with 
relevant subjective and procedural requirements.

--- Page 240 ---
232 
 
 
13. 
Capital gains tax 
Italian resident Noteholders 
Any gain obtained from the sale or redemption of the Notes would be treated as part of the 
taxable business income (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the “status” of the 
Noteholder, also as part of the net value of the production for IRAP purposes) if realised by an 
Italian resident company or a similar commercial entity (including the Italian permanent 
establishment of foreign entities to which the Notes are connected) or Italian resident individuals 
engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is an (i) individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial 
activity to which the Notes are connected, (ii) a non-commercial partnership, (iii) a non-
commercial private or public institution, any capital gain realised by such Noteholder from the 
sale or redemption of the Notes would be subject to a substitute tax (imposta sostitutiva), levied 
at the current rate of 26 per cent.. Noteholders may generally set-off capital losses with gains of 
the same nature. 
For the purposes of determining the taxable capital gain, any Interest on the Notes accrued and 
unpaid up to the time of the purchase and the sale of the Notes must be deducted from the 
purchase price and the sale price, respectively. 
In respect of the application of such substitute tax, taxpayers may opt for one of the three regimes 
described below. 
Under the tax declaration regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime for 
Italian resident individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are 
connected, the imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be chargeable, on a cumulative basis, on 
all capital gains, net of any incurred capital loss of the same nature, realised by the Italian 
resident individual Noteholder holding the Notes not in connection with an entrepreneurial 
activity pursuant to all sales or redemptions of the Notes carried out during any given tax year. 
Italian resident individuals holding the Notes not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity 
must indicate the overall capital gains realised in any tax year, net of any relevant incurred 
capital loss of the same nature, in the annual tax return and pay imposta sostitutiva on such gains 
together with any balance income tax due for such year. Capital losses in excess of capital gains 
may be carried forward against capital gains of the same nature realised in any of the four 
succeeding tax years. 
As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Italian resident individual Noteholders holding 
the Notes not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity may elect to pay the imposta 
sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of the Notes under the 
risparmio amministrato regime, provided for by Article 6 of the Italian Legislative Decree No. 
461 of 21 November 1997, as a subsequently amended, hereinafter the “Decree 461/1997”). 
Such separate taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to (i) the Notes being deposited with 
Italian banks, SIMs or certain authorised financial intermediaries (or permanent establishments in 
Italy of foreign intermediaries) and (ii) an express election for the risparmio amministrato regime 
being timely made in writing by the relevant Noteholder. The depository is responsible for 
accounting for imposta sostitutiva in respect of capital gains realised on each sale or redemption 
of the Notes (as well as in respect of capital gains realised upon the revocation of its mandate), 
net of any incurred capital loss of the same nature, and is required to pay the relevant amount to 
the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, deducting a corresponding amount from the 
proceeds to be credited to the Noteholder or using funds provided by the Noteholder for this 
purpose. Under the risparmio amministrato regime, where a sale or redemption of the Notes 
results in a capital loss, such loss may be deducted from capital gains of the same nature 
subsequently realised, within the same securities management relationship, in the same tax year 
or in the following tax years up to the fourth. Under the risparmio amministrato regime, the 
Noteholder is not required to declare the capital gains in the annual tax return. 
Any capital gains on Notes held by Italian resident individuals holding the Notes not in 
connection with an entrepreneurial activity who have entrusted the management of their financial

--- Page 241 ---
233 
 
 
assets, including the Notes, to an authorised intermediary and have opted for the Asset 
Management Option (the so-called regime del risparmio gestito, provided by Article 7 of Decree 
461/1997) will be included in the computation of the annual increase in value of the managed 
assets accrued, even if not realised, at year end, subject to a 26 per cent. substitute tax, to be paid 
by the managing authorised intermediary. Under the Asset Management Option, any depreciation 
of the managed assets accrued at year end may be carried forward against increase in value of the 
managed assets accrued in any of the four succeeding tax years. Under the Asset Management 
Option, the Noteholder is not required to declare the capital gains realised in the annual tax 
return. 
Any capital gains on Notes held by Noteholders who are Italian undertakings for collective 
investment will not be subject to taxation in the hands of the undertakings. A withholding tax of 
26 per cent. may apply on proceeds distributed by the undertakings or received by certain 
categories of unit holders or shareholders upon redemption or disposal of the units or shares.  
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian 
resident individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity and social security entities 
pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 
February 1996 may be exempt from the imposta sostitutiva, on capital gains realised upon sale or 
redemption of the Notes, if the Notes are included in a long term individual savings account 
(piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 
1(100-114) of Finance Act 2017, as amended by Finance Act 2019. 
Any capital gains on Notes held by Noteholders who are Italian Pension Funds (subject to the 
regime provided for by article 17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005)  will be 
included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to 
the 20 per cent. substitute tax. Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period 
requirement) and limitations, interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes may be 
excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if the Notes are included in a 
long-term savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set 
forth in Article 1 (88-114) of Finance Act 2017 and Law Decree 124/2019, as subsequently 
amended. 
Any capital gains realised by Italian resident Real Estate Funds or by Italian resident SICAFs to 
which the provisions of Article 9 of the Decree No. 44 apply on the Notes are not taxable at the 
level of the same Real Estate Funds or real estate SICAFs, but subsequent distributions made in 
favour of unitholders or shareholders will be subject, in certain circumstances, to a withholding 
tax of 26 per cent.; subject to certain conditions, depending on the status of the Noteholders and 
percentage of participation, income of the Real Estate Fund is subject to taxation in the hands of 
the unitholder or the shareholder regardless of distribution. 
Non-Italian resident Noteholders 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian-resident Noteholders, without a permanent establishment in 
Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected, from the sale or redemption of Notes traded 
on regulated markets in Italy or abroad are not subject to the imposta sostitutiva, regardless of 
whether the Notes are held in Italy. In such a case, in order to beneﬁt from this exemption from 
Italian taxation on capital gains, non-Italian resident Noteholders who hold the Notes with an 
Italian authorised financial intermediary and elect to be subject to the Asset Management Option 
or are subject to the risparmio amministrato regime according to Article 6 of Decree No. 461, 
may be required to produce in due time to the Italian authorised financial intermediary an 
appropriate self-declaration that they are not resident in Italy for tax purposes. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders without a permanent establishment in 
Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected from the sale or redemption of Notes not 
traded on regulated markets issued by an Italian or non-Italian resident issuer may in certain 
circumstances be taxable in Italy, if the Notes are held in Italy. 
However, non-Italian resident beneficial owners of Notes without a permanent establishment in 
Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected are not subject to the imposta sostitutiva on

--- Page 242 ---
234 
 
 
capital gains realised upon sale or redemption of the Notes, provided that the effective 
beneficiaries: (i) are resident in a country which allows for an adequate exchange of information 
with Italy; or (ii) are international entities or bodies set up in accordance with international 
agreements which have entered into force in Italy; or (iii) are Central Banks or entities which 
manage, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or (iv) are institutional investors which 
are set up in a country included in the White List Decree, even if they do not have the “status” of 
taxpayer. In such cases, in order to beneﬁt from the exemption from Italian taxation on capital 
gains, non-Italian resident Noteholders who hold the Notes with an Italian authorised financial 
intermediary and elect to be subject to the Asset Management Option or are subject to the 
risparmio amministrato regime according to Article 6 of Decree No. 461, may be required to 
produce in due time to the Italian authorised financial Intermediary an appropriate self-
declaration stating that they meet the subjective requirements indicated above. Additional 
statements may be required for non-Italian resident Noteholders who are institutional investors. 
If none of the conditions above is met, capital gains realised by said non-Italian resident 
Noteholders from the sale or redemption of Notes are subject to the imposta sostitutiva at the 
current rate of 26 per cent. 
For the purposes of the above, the currently applicable “White List” of countries allowing for an 
adequate exchange of information with Italy is provided for by the White List Decree, as recently 
amended by Ministerial Decree of 9 August 2016. Pursuant to Article 11, para. 4, let. c) of 
Decree No. 239, the Ministry of Finance should update the White List Decree on a semi-annual 
basis. 
Moreover, in any event, non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent 
establishment in Italy to which the Notes are connected that may benefit from a double taxation 
treaty with Italy providing that capital gains realised upon the sale or redemption of Notes are to 
be taxed only in the country of tax residence of the recipient, will not be subject to imposta 
sostitutiva in Italy on any capital gains realised upon the sale or redemption of Notes. In such a 
case, in order to beneﬁt from this exemption from Italian taxation on capital gains, non-Italian 
resident Noteholders who hold the Notes with an Italian authorised financial intermediary and 
elect to be subject to the Asset Management Option or are subject to the risparmio amministrato 
regime according to Article 6 Decree No. 461, may be required to produce in due time to the 
Italian authorised financial intermediary appropriate documents which include, inter alia, a 
statement of residence from the competent tax authorities of the country of residence of the non-
Italian resident. 
Please note that for a non-Italian resident, the risparmio amministrato regime provided for by 
Article 6 of Decree No. 461 shall automatically apply, unless it expressly waives this regime, 
where the Notes are deposited in custody or administration with an Italian resident authorised 
financial intermediary or permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign intermediary. 
(B) 
Tax regime of the Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca International 
14. 
Tax treatment of the Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca International in 
Luxembourg 
Luxembourg tax residency of the holders of the Senior Notes 
A holder of the Senior Notes will not become resident, or be deemed to be resident, in the Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg by reason only of the holding of the Senior Notes, or the execution, 
performance, delivery and/or enforcement of the Senior Notes (holding of the Notes includes 
receipt of interest and repayment of the principal). 
Withholding tax 
All payments of interest and principal by the Issuer in the context of the holding, disposal, 
redemption or repurchase of the Senior Notes can be made free and clear of any withholding or 
deduction for or on account of any taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld, or

--- Page 243 ---
235 
 
 
assessed by Luxembourg or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, in 
accordance with the applicable Luxembourg law, subject however: 
(i) 
with respect to Luxembourg resident investors, to the application as regards Luxembourg 
resident individuals of the Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005, as modified, which 
foresees a 20% final withholding tax (which is final when Luxembourg resident 
individuals are acting in the context of the management of their private wealth) on 
interest payments made by Luxembourg paying agents to Luxembourg individual 
residents. This withholding tax also applies on accrued interest received upon sale, 
redemption or repurchase of the Senior Notes. Luxembourg resident investors not 
holding Senior Notes as a business assets may benefit, under conditions, from such final 
20% withholding tax for interest payments that are made through a paying agent 
established in another EU-Member State or in a Member State of the European 
Economic Area; and 
(ii) 
responsibility for the withholding of tax in application of the above-mentioned 
Luxembourg modified law of 23 December 2005, as modified, is assumed by the 
Luxembourg paying agent within the meaning of these laws. 
Income taxation of the holders of the Senior Notes 
Taxation of Luxembourg non-residents 
Holders of the Senior Notes who are non-residents of Luxembourg and who do not have a 
permanent establishment or a permanent representative in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg to 
which the Senior Notes are attributable are not liable to any Luxembourg income tax, whether 
they receive payments of principal, payments of interest (including accrued but unpaid interest), 
payments received upon the redemption of the Senior Notes, or realize capital gains on the sale 
of any Senior Notes. 
Holder of the Senior Notes who are non-resident of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and who 
have a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg to which the Senior Notes are attributable on the sale or disposal, in any form 
whatsoever, of the Senior Notes are subject to Luxembourg income tax and municipal business 
tax. 
Taxation of Luxembourg residents 
Interest Income 
Holders of the Senior Notes who are residents of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, or non-
resident holders of the Senior Notes who have a permanent establishment or a permanent 
representative in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg to which the holding of the Senior Notes is 
attributable, must, for income tax purposes, include any interest received in their taxable income. 
They will not be liable to any Luxembourg income tax on repayment of principal. 
For individuals resident in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, the 20% tax withheld at source 
constitutes a final taxation to the extent the Senior Notes do not constitute business assets. 
Capital Gains 
Luxembourg resident individuals 
Luxembourg resident individuals who are holders of the Senior Notes and who are acting in the 
course of the management of their private wealth are not subject to taxation on capital gains upon 
the disposal of the Senior Notes, unless the disposal of the Senior Notes precedes the acquisition 
of the Senior Notes or the Senior Notes are disposed of within six months of the date of 
acquisition of these Senior Notes. Upon redemption of the Senior Notes, individual Luxembourg 
resident holders of the Senior Notes must however include the portion of the redemption price 
corresponding to accrued but unpaid interest in their taxable income except if (a) withholding tax

--- Page 244 ---
236 
 
 
has been levied on such payments in accordance with the law of 23 December 2005, as amended, 
or (b) the individual holder of the Senior Notes has opted for the application of a 20% tax in full 
discharge of income tax in accordance with the law of 23 December 2005, as amended, which 
applies if a payment of interest has been made or ascribed by a paying agent established in an EU 
Member State (other than Luxembourg), or in a Member State of the European Economic Area. 
Luxembourg resident individuals who are holders of the Senior Notes and who are acting in the 
course of the management of their professional or business undertaking to which the Senior 
Notes are attributable, on the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Senior Notes are 
subject to Luxembourg income tax and municipal business tax. 
Luxembourg resident companies – Luxembourg permanent establishment of foreign entreprises 
Luxembourg resident companies (sociétés de capitaux) that are holders of the Senior Notes or 
foreign entreprises which have a permanent establishment in Luxembourg to which the Senior 
Notes are attributed, must include in their taxable income the difference between the disposal 
price (including accrued but unpaid interest) and the book value of the Senior Notes disposed of. 
Luxembourg resident entities benefiting from a special tax regime 
Holders of the Senior Notes who are undertakings for collective investment governed by the 
amended law of 17 December 2010, specialized investment funds governed by the amended law 
of 13 February 2007, family wealth management companies governed by the amended law of 11 
May 2007 or reserved alternative investment funds organized similarly to special investment 
funds and governed by the law of 23 July 2016, are tax exempt entities in Luxembourg, and are 
thus not subject to any Luxembourg direct taxes (i.e. corporate income tax, municipal business 
tax and net wealth tax) with respect to the Senior Notes. 
Companies subject to the amended law of 15 June 2004 on venture capital investment companies 
and or reserved alternative investment funds organized similarly to venture capital investment 
companies and subject to the law of 23 July 2016 might enjoy an exemption on income and gains 
from the Senior Notes in accordance with, and subject to, the requirements of such laws. 
Net Wealth Tax 
Luxembourg net wealth tax will not be levied on a holder of a Note unless: (i) such holder is, or 
is deemed to be, resident in Luxembourg for the purpose of the relevant provisions; or (ii) such 
Note is attributable to an enterprise or part thereof which is carried on through a permanent 
establishment or a permanent representative in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. 
As from 1 January 2016 the minimum corporate income tax regime has been replaced by a 
minimum net wealth tax levied either at a fixed amount of EUR 4,815 as from 1 January 2017 for 
Luxembourg corporate taxpayers holding financial assets exceeding 90% of their balance sheet 
and a total balance sheet of EUR 350,000 or at a progressive scale between EUR 535 and EUR 
32,100 depending on the balance sheet total (the “Minimum Net Wealth Tax”). Effective as 
from that date the Minimum Net Wealth Tax also applies to securitization companies, 
undertakings for collective venture capital investments (SICAR) and reserved alternative 
investment funds organized similarly to venture capital investment companies. 
A corporate holder of a Note, whether resident of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg for tax 
purposes or maintaining a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in the Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg to which such Notes are attributable, is not subject to Luxembourg wealth 
tax if the holder is governed by the law of 11 May 2007 on family estate companies, as amended, 
by the law of 17 December 2010 on undertakings for collective investment (except for the 
Minimum Net Wealth Tax), as amended, by the law of 13 February 2007 on specialised 
investment funds, as amended, or is a securitisation company governed by the law of 22 March 
2004 on securitisation (except for the Minimum Net Wealth Tax), as amended, or a capital 
company governed by the law of 15 June 2004 on venture capital vehicles, as amended, or a 
reserved alternative investment fund organized governed by the law of 23 July 2016 (except for

--- Page 245 ---
237 
 
 
the. Minimum Net Wealth Tax if the fund is organized similarly to a venture capital investment 
company). 
In respect of individuals, the Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005 has abolished the net wealth 
tax with effect from 1 January 2006. 
Other Taxes 
1. 
Registration duties 
It is not compulsory that the Notes be filed, recorded, enrolled or subject to any other 
formality in Luxembourg with any notary, any court or other authority in the Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg in order to ensure the legality, validity, enforceability or 
admissibility as evidence of any of the Notes in Luxembourg, or that registration tax, 
transfer tax, capital tax, stamp duty or any other similar tax or duty be paid in respect of 
or in connection with the execution, delivery and/or enforcement by legal proceedings 
(including any foreign judgment in the courts of Luxembourg) of the Notes, in 
accordance therewith, except that, in case the Notes are registered (or lodged with a 
notary’s records), either voluntarily or by order of a Luxembourg court in case of legal 
proceedings or a Luxembourg official authority, or if they are attached(annexés) to any 
document subject to mandatory registration in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (such as 
a public deed), a fixed or an ad valorem registration duty of 0.24% calculated on the 
amounts of loans or other obligations of sums of money mentioned in the Notes will be 
due. In practice such kind of registration is rarely ordered. 
2. 
VAT 
There is no Luxembourg value-added tax payable in respect of payments in 
consideration for the issue of the Notes or in respect of the payment of interest or 
principal under the Notes or the transfer of Notes, provided that Luxembourg value-
added tax may, however, be payable in respect of fees charged for certain services 
rendered to the Issuer, if for Luxembourg value-added tax purposes such services are 
rendered, or are deemed to be rendered, in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and an 
exemption from Luxembourg value-added tax does not apply with respect to such 
services. 
3. 
Inheritance and gift tax 
No Luxembourg inheritance tax is levied on the transfer of Senior Notes upon the death 
of a Noteholder in cases where the deceased was not a resident of Luxembourg for 
inheritance tax purposes. 
Luxembourg gift tax will be levied in the event that the gift is made pursuant to a 
notarial deed signed before a Luxembourg notary. 
15. 
Tax treatment of the Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca International in Italy 
Tax on interest, premium and other proceeds 
(i) 
Senior Notes qualifying as bonds or similar securities 
Italian resident Noteholders 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, a substitute tax at a rate of 26 per cent. is applied on Interest 
on Senior Notes qualifying as bonds (obbligazioni) or securities similar to bonds (titoli 
similari alle obbligazioni) within the meaning of Article 44 of Decree No. 917 issued by 
a non-Italian resident issuer accrued during the relevant holding period, if received by: 
(1) 
an Italian resident individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which 
the Senior Notes are connected;

--- Page 246 ---
238 
 
 
(2) 
Italian resident non-commercial partnerships; 
(3) 
Italian resident non-commercial private or public entities; or 
(4) 
Italian resident investors exempt from Italian corporate income taxation; 
If the Noteholders described under paragraphs (1) and (3) above are engaged in an 
entrepreneurial activity to which the Senior Notes are connected, the substitute tax 
applies as a provisional tax. As a consequence, the Interest is subject to the ordinary 
income tax and the substitute tax may be recovered as a deduction from the final income 
tax due. 
Substitute tax is generally applied by an Intermediary. 
Where the Senior Notes and the relevant coupons are not deposited with an 
Intermediary, the substitute tax is applied and withheld by any Italian intermediary (or 
permanent establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) that intervenes in the payment 
of Interest to any Noteholder. Where Interest on Senior Notes beneficially owned by the 
subjects from paragraphs (1) to (4) above are not collected through the intervention of an 
Italian resident intermediary and as such no substitute tax is applied, the above Italian 
resident beneficial owners will be required to declare Interest in their yearly income tax 
return and subject them to final substitute tax at a rate of 26 per cent. (only limited to 
those Noteholders not engaged in a business activity to which the Senior Notes are 
effectively connected), unless option for a different regime is allowed and made. Italian 
resident Noteholders that are individuals not engaged in entrepreneurial activity may 
elect instead to pay ordinary personal income taxes at the progressive rates applicable to 
them in respect of Interest on such Senior Notes: if so, the beneficial owners should be 
generally entitled to a tax credit for withholding taxes applied outside Italy, if any. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is an individual who has not qualified as an Italian 
tax resident for at least 9 of the past 10 years, who transferred the tax residence to Italy 
and who opted for the application of a yearly € 100,000 substitute tax on the foreign-
sourced income pursuant to Article 24-bis of Decree No. 917/1986, as introduced by the 
Law No. 232 of 11 December 2016 (the “2017 Budget Law”), the payment of such 
substitute tax will replace any income tax on the foreign-sourced income, including 
Interest on Senior Notes. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder who is beneficial owner of the Senior Notes is a 
company or similar commercial entity, or a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign 
company to which the Senior Notes are effectively connected and the Senior Notes and 
relevant coupons are timely deposited with an Intermediary, Interest from the Senior 
Notes will not be subject to the substitute tax, but must be included in the relevant 
Noteholder’s annual income tax return and are therefore subject to general Italian 
corporate taxation (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the “status” of the 
Noteholder, also to IRAP). In such cases, the beneficial owners should be generally 
entitled to a tax credit for withholding taxes applied outside Italy, if any. 
For those categories of Noteholders not specifically mentioned in this paragraph and for 
Noteholders who are Italian Pension Funds, Italian undertakings for collective 
investment please refer to paragraph “Italian Taxation of Notes issued by Mediobanca – 
Tax on interest, premium and other proceeds – Notes qualifying as bonds or similar 
securities - Italian resident investors” above.  
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), 
Italian resident individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity and 
social security entities or Pension Fund pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 
June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from any 
income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on interest, premium and other 
income relating to the Notes if the Notes are included in a long term individual savings

--- Page 247 ---
239 
 
 
account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set 
forth in Article 1 (100-114) of Finance Act 2017 as amended by Finance Act 2019. 
Non-Italian resident Noteholders 
No Italian substitute tax is applied on payments to a non-Italian resident Noteholder not 
having a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Senior Notes are effectively 
connected of Interest relating to Senior Notes issued by a non-Italian resident issuer. 
If Senior Notes issued by a non-Italian resident issuer and beneficially owned by non-
Italian residents are deposited with an Italian bank or other resident intermediary (or 
permanent establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) or are sold through an Italian 
bank or other resident intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign 
intermediary) or in any case an Italian resident intermediary (or permanent establishment 
in Italy of foreign intermediary) intervenes in the payment of Interest on such Senior 
Notes, to ensure payment of Interest without application of Italian taxation a non-Italian 
resident Noteholder may be required to produce to the Italian bank or other intermediary 
a self-declaration stating that he or she is not resident in Italy for tax purposes. 
Capital gains tax 
Any gain obtained from the sale or redemption of the Senior Notes would be subject to 
the same tax regime as described under (A).3. “Capital gains tax”, above. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is an individual who has not qualified as an Italian 
tax resident for at least 9 of the past 10 years, who transferred the tax residence to Italy 
and who opted for the application of a yearly € 100,000 substitute tax on the foreign-
sourced income pursuant to art. 24-bis of Decree No. 917/1986, as introduced by the 
2017 Budget Law, the payment of such substitute tax will replace any income tax on the 
foreign-sourced income, including capital gains on the sale or redemption of Senior 
Notes held out of the Italian territory. 
(ii) 
Notes qualifying as atypical securities 
Interest payments to Italian resident Noteholders relating to Senior Notes issued by a 
non-Italian resident issuer that are not deemed to fall within the category of bonds 
(obbligazioni) or securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni), but qualify 
as atypical securities (titoli atipici) for Italian tax purposes, may be subject to Italian 
withholding tax, levied at the rate of 26 per cent.. For this purpose, as indicated above, 
pursuant to Article 44 of Decree No. 917, securities similar to bonds are securities that 
(i) incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, at maturity, an amount not lower than 
their nominal value and (ii) do not grant to the relevant holders any right to directly or 
indirectly participate to the management of the issuer or of the business in relation to 
which they are issued or to control the same management. 
If the Senior Notes are issued by a non-Italian resident issuer, a 26 per cent. “entrance” 
withholding tax may apply in Italy if the Senior Notes are placed (“collocate”) in Italy 
and Interest payments on the Notes are collected through an Italian bank or other 
qualified financial intermediary. However, the 26 per cent. “entrance” withholding tax 
does not apply to Interest payments made: 
(a) 
to a non-Italian resident Noteholder. If Senior Notes issued by a non-Italian 
resident issuer and beneficially owned by non-Italian residents are deposited 
with an Italian bank or other resident intermediary (or permanent establishment 
in Italy of foreign intermediary) or are sold through an Italian bank or other 
resident intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign 
intermediary) or in any case an Italian resident intermediary (or permanent 
establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) intervenes in the payment of 
Interest on such Senior Notes, to ensure payment of Interest without application 
of Italian taxation a non-Italian resident Noteholder may be required to produce

--- Page 248 ---
240 
 
 
to the Italian bank or other intermediary a self- declaration stating that he or she 
is not resident in Italy for tax purposes; and 
(b) 
to an Italian resident Noteholder which is (i) a company or similar commercial 
entity (including the Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities to which 
the Senior Notes are effectively connected), (ii) a commercial partnership, or 
(iii) a commercial private or public institution. In particular, in such cases, 
Interest must be included in the relevant Noteholder’s annual income tax return, 
to be therefore subject to general Italian corporate taxation (and, in certain 
circumstances, depending on the “status” of the Noteholder, also to IRAP) 
according to the ordinary rules and the beneficial owners should be generally 
entitled to a tax credit for withholding taxes applied outside Italy, if any. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is an individual who has not qualified as an Italian 
tax resident for at least 9 of the past 10 years, who transferred the tax residence to Italy 
and who opted for the application of a yearly € 100,000 substitute tax on the foreign-
sourced income pursuant to art. 24-bis of Decree No. 917/1986, as introduced by the 
2017 Budget Law, the payment of such substitute tax will replace any income tax on the 
foreign-sourced income, including Interest payments relating to Senior Notes. 
With respect to the other categories of Italian resident Noteholders, if Interest payments 
on Senior Notes issued by a non-Italian resident issuer are not collected through an 
Italian resident bank or other qualified financial intermediary, and as such no “entrance” 
withholding tax is required to be levied, such Noteholders will be required to report the 
payments in their yearly income tax return and subject them to a final substitute tax at 
rate of 26 per cent. (only limited to those Noteholders not engaged in a business activity 
to which the Senior Notes are effectively connected). Italian resident individual 
beneficial owners holding Senior Notes not in connection with a business activity may 
elect instead to pay ordinary personal income tax at the progressive rates applicable to 
them in respect of Interest payments: if so, the beneficial owners should generally 
benefit from tax credit for withholding taxes applied outside Italy, if any. 
In case Senior Notes issued by a non-Italian resident issuer are held by an Italian resident 
individual engaged in a business activity and are effectively connected with same 
business activity, the Interest will be subject to the 26 per cent. “entrance” withholding 
tax on a provisional basis and will be included in the relevant income tax return. As a 
consequence, the Interest will be subject to the ordinary income tax and the withholding 
tax may be recovered as a deduction from the income tax due. 
16. 
Payments made by the Guarantor under the Guarantee 
There is no authority directly regarding the Italian tax regime of payments on notes made by an 
Italian resident guarantor. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the Italian tax authorities 
will not assert an alternative treatment of such payments than that set forth herein or that the 
Italian courts would not support such an alternative treatment. 
With respect to payments on the Senior Notes made to Italian resident Noteholders by an Italian 
resident guarantor, in accordance with an interpretation of Italian tax law, any such payments 
may be subject to Italian withholding tax at the rate of 26 per cent. levied as a final tax or a 
provisional tax (“a titolo d’imposta o a titolo di acconto”) depending on the “status” of the 
Noteholder, pursuant to Decree No. 600. Double taxation treaties entered into by Italy may apply 
allowing for a lower (or, in certain cases, nil) rate of withholding tax in case of payments to non-
Italian residents, subject to proper compliance with relevant subjective and procedural 
requirements. In accordance with another interpretation, any such payment made by the Italian 
resident guarantor should be treated, in certain circumstances, as a payment by the relevant issuer 
and should thus be subject to the tax regime described in the previous paragraphs of this section.

--- Page 249 ---
241 
 
 
(C) 
Inheritance and gift taxes 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006, as converted in law, with amendments, 
pursuant to Law No. 286 of 24 November 2006, transfers of Notes as a result of death or 
donation of Italian residents and of non-Italian residents, but in such latter case limited to Notes 
held within the Italian territory (which, for presumption of law, includes bonds issued by Italian 
resident issuers), are generally taxed in Italy as follows: 
(i) 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to an 
inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent. on the value of the inheritance or 
the gift exceeding €1,000,000.00 for each beneficiary; 
(ii) 
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to the third degree 
are subject to an inheritance and gift tax at a rate of 6 per cent. on the entire value of the 
inheritance or the gift; 
(iii) 
transfers in favour of brothers/sisters are subject to the 6 per cent. inheritance and gift tax 
on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding €100,000.00 for each beneficiary; 
and 
(iv) 
any other transfer is subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8 per cent. 
on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. 
If the beneficiary has a serious disability recognised by law, the tax is levied at the rate 
mentioned above in  (i),  (ii), (iii) and  (iv) on the value exceeding, for each beneficiary, € 
1,500,000. 
A tax credit may be available for the inheritance and gift tax paid in Italy under the applicable 
double tax treaty on inheritance and gift, if any. 
(D) 
Transfer tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to the following registration tax: (i) 
public deeds and notarised deeds are subject to a fixed registration tax at a rate of € 200.00; (ii) 
private deeds are subject to lump sum of € 200.00 registration tax only if they are voluntary 
registered or if the so- called “caso d’uso” or “enunciazione” occurs. 
(E) 
Stamp Duty 
Pursuant to Article 19(1) of Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011 (“Decree No. 201”), a 
proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to the periodic reporting communications sent 
by financial intermediaries, carrying out their business activity within the Italian territory, to their 
clients for the Notes deposited therewith. The stamp duty applies at the current rate of 0.2 per 
cent.; this stamp duty is determined on the basis of the market value or – if no market value 
figure is available – the nominal value or redemption amount or, in the case the nominal or 
redemption values cannot be determined, on the purchase value of the Notes held.. If the 
Noteholder is not an individual, the stamp duty cannot exceed € 14,000.00. 
(F) 
Wealth tax on Notes deposited abroad 
Pursuant to Article 19(18) of Decree No. 201, Italian resident individuals, non-profit entities and 
certain partnerships (società semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with article 5 of 
Presidential Decree 917) resident in Italy for tax purposes holding the Notes outside the Italian 
territory are required to pay an additional tax at the current rate of 0.2 per cent. (“IVAFE”), 
which, for taxpayers other than individuals, cannot exceed €14,000 (Article 134 of Law Decree 
No. 34 of 20 May 2020). 
This tax is calculated on the market value of the Notes at the end of the relevant year or – if no 
market value figure is available – the nominal value or the redemption value or, in the case the 
nominal or redemption values cannot be determined, on the purchase of such financial assets held

--- Page 250 ---
242 
 
 
outside the Italian territory. Taxpayers are entitled to an Italian tax credit equivalent to the 
amount of wealth taxes paid in the State where the financial assets are held (up to an amount 
equal to the Italian wealth tax due). 
 (G) 
Tax Monitoring 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990 (“Decree No. 167”), as amended by Law of 6 
August 2013, No. 97 (Legge Europea 2013), individuals, non-commercial institutions and non- 
commercial partnerships (società semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with article 5 of 
Presidential Decree 917) resident in Italy for tax purposes, under certain conditions, will be 
required to report in their yearly income tax return, for tax monitoring purposes, the amount of 
investments (including the Notes) directly or indirectly held abroad during each tax year. 
Inbound and outbound transfers and other transfers occurring abroad in relation to investments 
should not be reported in the income tax return. 
The requirement applies also where the persons above, being not the direct holder of the financial 
instruments, are the beneficial owners of the instrument. 
Furthermore, the above reporting requirement is not required to comply with respect to: (i) Notes 
deposited for management or administration with qualified Italian financial intermediaries; (ii) 
contracts entered into through their intervention, upon condition that the items of income derived 
from the Notes have been subject to tax by the same intermediaries: or (iii) if the foreign 
investments which are only composed by deposits and/or bank accounts when their aggregate 
value does not exceeds a €15,000 threshold throughout the year. 
(H) 
Irish Taxation of the Notes issued by Mediobanca and Mediobanca International 
 
The following is a summary of the Irish withholding tax treatment of the Notes. The summary 
does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all of the Irish tax considerations that may 
be relevant to a decision to purchase, own or dispose of the Notes. 
The summary is based upon the laws of Ireland and the published practices of the Revenue 
Commissioners of Ireland as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus. Prospective investors 
in the Notes should consult their own advisers as to the Irish or other tax consequences of the 
purchase, beneficial ownership and disposition of the Notes including, in particular, the effect of 
any state or local law taxes, if applicable. 
(I) 
Exchange of information under Directive on Administrative Cooperation in the field of 
Taxation 
On 3 June 2003, the EU Council of Economic and Finance Ministers (“ECOFIN”) adopted a 
directive regarding the taxation of savings income (“EU Savings Directive” or the “Directive”). 
Under the Directive each Member State is required to provide to the tax authorities of another 
Member State details of payments of interest or other similar income paid by a person within its 
jurisdiction to an individual resident in that other Member State. A number of non-EU countries 
and certain dependent or associated territories of certain Member States, have adopted similar 
measures (either provision of information or transitional withholding) in relation to payments 
made by a person within its jurisdiction to, or collected by such person for, an individual resident 
in a Member State. In addition, the Member States have entered into provision of information or 
transitional withholding arrangements with certain of those dependent or associated territories in 
relation to payments made by a person in a Member State to, or collected by such a person from, 
an individual resident in one of those territories. 
Italy originally implemented the Directive through Legislative Decree No. 84 of 18 April 2005 
(“Decree 84”). 
On 10 November 2015, the EU Council Directive 2015/2060/EU, under proposal of the 
European Commission, repealed the EU Savings Directive which was replaced by the DAC, as 
amended and supplemented from time to time, on administrative cooperation in the field of

--- Page 251 ---
243 
 
 
taxation. This is to prevent overlap between the EU Savings Directive and the new automatic 
exchange of information regime to be implemented under the DAC. 
The new regime under DAC is in accordance with the Global Standard released by the 
Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development in July 2014. It is worth mentioning 
that the range of payments to be automatically reported under the DAC is broader than the scope 
of the automatic information previously foreseen by the EU Savings Directive. Moreover, unlike 
the EU Saving Directive, the DAC does not impose withholding taxes. 
The DAC has been implemented in Italy through Legislative Decree No. 29 of 4 March 2014, as 
amended and supplemented from time to time, and with Ministerial Decree of 28 December 2015 
issued by the Minister of Economy and Finance, as amended and supplemented from time to 
time, (published in the Official Gazette No. 303 of 31 December 2015). Accordingly, Legislative 
Decree No. 84 of 18 April 2005 (implementing in Italy the EU Saving Directive) has been 
repealed with effect from 1 January 2016 by Article 28 of Law No. 122 of 7 July 2016. 
Finally, Directive (EU) 2018/822 of May 25, 2018 (the so-called "DAC 6") introduced the 
obligation, for intermediaries and taxpayers, to communicate to the financial administrations of 
EU Countries the cross-border arrangements potentially usable for aggressive tax planning. 
Italy has recently implemented the DAC 6 with Legislative Decree of 30 July 2020, No. 100, to 
be implemented by a Ministerial Decree. 
 
17. 
Irish Withholding Tax 
Irish withholding tax applies to certain payments including payments of: 
 
Irish source yearly interest (yearly interest is interest that is capable of arising for a 
period in excess of one year); 
 
Irish source annual payments (annual payments are payments that are capable of being 
made for a period in excess of one year and are pure income-profit in the hands of the 
recipient); and 
 
Distributions (including interest that is treated as a distribution under Irish law) made by 
companies that are resident in Ireland for the purposes of Irish tax; 
Such withholding tax arises at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent.) to 
payments of Irish source yearly interest and Irish source annual payments, and at a prescribed 
rate of 25 per cent. to distributions. 
On the basis that the relevant Issuer is not resident in Ireland for the purposes of Irish tax, nor 
does the relevant Issuer operate in Ireland through a branch or agency with which the issue of the 
Notes is connected, nor are the Notes held in Ireland through a depository or otherwise located in 
Ireland, then to the extent that payments of interest or annual payments arise on the Notes, such 
payments should not be regarded as payments having an Irish source for the purposes of Irish 
taxation. 
Accordingly, the relevant Issuer or any paying agent acting on behalf of the relevant Issuer 
should not be obliged to deduct any amount on account of Irish tax from payments made in 
connection with the Notes. 
Separately, for as long as the Notes are quoted on a stock exchange, an investor should not be 
obliged to deduct any amount on account of Irish tax from a payment made by it in connection 
with the purchase of the Notes.

--- Page 252 ---
244 
 
 
18. 
Irish Encashment Tax 
Payments on any Notes paid by a paying agent in Ireland or collected or realised by an agent in 
Ireland acting on behalf of the beneficial owner of Notes will be subject to Irish encashment tax. 
Where the payment is made on or before 31 December 2020, encashment tax will apply at the 
standard rate of Irish tax (currently 20 per cent). Where the payment is made on or after 1 
January 2021, encashment tax will apply at a prescribed rate of 25 per cent. In each case this is 
unless it is proved, on a claim made in the required manner to the Revenue Commissioners of 
Ireland, that the beneficial owner of the Notes entitled to the interest or distribution is not 
resident in Ireland for the purposes of Irish tax and such interest or distribution is not deemed, 
under the provisions of Irish tax legislation, to be income of another person that is resident in 
Ireland. In addition, from 1 January 2021, an exemption will apply where the payment is made to 
a company where that company is beneficially entitled to that income and is or will be within the 
charge to corporation tax in respect of that income. 
(I) 
Exchange of information under Directive on Administrative Cooperation in the field of 
Taxation 
On 3 June 2003, the EU Council of Economic and Finance Ministers (“ECOFIN”) adopted a 
directive regarding the taxation of savings income (“EU Savings Directive” or the “Directive”). 
Under the Directive each Member State is required to provide to the tax authorities of another 
Member State details of payments of interest or other similar income paid by a person within its 
jurisdiction to an individual resident in that other Member State. A number of non-EU countries 
and certain dependent or associated territories of certain Member States, have adopted similar 
measures (either provision of information or transitional withholding) in relation to payments 
made by a person within its jurisdiction to, or collected by such person for, an individual resident 
in a Member State. In addition, the Member States have entered into provision of information or 
transitional withholding arrangements with certain of those dependent or associated territories in 
relation to payments made by a person in a Member State to, or collected by such a person from, 
an individual resident in one of those territories. 
Italy originally implemented the Directive through Legislative Decree No. 84 of 18 April 2005 
(“Decree 84”). 
On 10 November 2015, the EU Council Directive 2015/2060/EU, under proposal of the 
European Commission, repealed the EU Savings Directive which was replaced by the DAC, as 
amended and supplemented from time to time, on administrative cooperation in the field of 
taxation. This is to prevent overlap between the EU Savings Directive and the new automatic 
exchange of information regime to be implemented under the DAC. 
The new regime under DAC is in accordance with the Global Standard released by the 
Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development in July 2014. It is worth mentioning 
that the range of payments to be automatically reported under the DAC is broader than the scope 
of the automatic information previously foreseen by the EU Savings Directive. Moreover, unlike 
the EU Saving Directive, the DAC does not impose withholding taxes. 
The DAC has been implemented in Italy through Legislative Decree No. 29 of 4 March 2014, as 
amended and supplemented from time to time, and with Ministerial Decree of 28 December 2015 
issued by the Minister of Economy and Finance, as amended and supplemented from time to 
time, (published in the Official Gazette No. 303 of 31 December 2015). Accordingly, Legislative 
Decree No. 84 of 18 April 2005 (implementing in Italy the EU Saving Directive) has been 
repealed with effect from 1 January 2016 by Article 28 of Law No. 122 of 7 July 2016. 
Finally, Directive (EU) 2018/822 of May 25, 2018 (the so-called "DAC 6") introduced the 
obligation, for intermediaries and taxpayers, to communicate to the financial administrations of 
EU Countries the cross-border arrangements potentially usable for aggressive tax planning. 
Italy has recently implemented the DAC 6 with Legislative Decree of 30 July 2020, No. 100, to 
be implemented by a Ministerial Decree.

--- Page 253 ---
245 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
19. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland as competent authority 
under the Prospectus Regulation. Application has also been made to the Irish Stock Exchange 
plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) for Notes issued under the Programme to 
be listed on the Official List of the Euronext Dublin and admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of the Euronext Dublin. The Euronext Dublin’s regulated market is a regulated market 
for the purposes of the MiFID II (Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended). 
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be listed or admitted 
to trading on the Euronext Dublin or any other stock exchange or which will be listed or 
admitted to trading on such stock exchange as the Issuers and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
The Central Bank of Ireland may, at the request of the relevant Issuer, send to the competent 
authority of another European Economic Area Member State: (i) a copy of this Base 
Prospectus; (ii) and a Certificate of Approval of a Prospectus. 
20. 
Each Issuer and the Guarantor has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations 
in Ireland and the Republic of Italy in connection with the establishment and update of the 
Programme and the issue and performance of the Notes and the guarantee relating to the Senior 
Notes. The update of the Programme, including the giving of the Guarantee with respect to the 
Senior Preferred Notes issued by Mediobanca International, was authorised by a circular 
resolution of the Board of Directors of Mediobanca International passed on 3 December 2020, 
resolutions adopted by the Executive Committee of Mediobanca passed on 29 July 2020 and 
the decision (determina) assumed by the Managing Director (Direttore Generale) of 
Mediobanca on 4 December 2020. 
21. 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market 
conditions. 
22. 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus at page 177 and 178, Mediobanca International 
(where Mediobanca International is the Issuer) is not and none of Mediobanca and its 
consolidated subsidiaries (where Mediobanca is the Issuer or the Guarantor) is or has been 
involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings in the 12 months precedeing the 
date of this document relating to claims or amounts of money which may have, or have had in 
the recent past, significant effects on each of the Group’s financial position or profitability and, 
so far as Mediobanca or, as the case may be, Mediobanca International is aware, no such 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings is pending or threatened. 
23. 
Neither Mediobanca nor Mediobanca International nor any of Mediobanca’s subsidiaries has 
entered into any contracts in the last two years outside the ordinary course of business that have 
been or may reasonably be expected to be material to such Issuer’s ability to meet its 
obligations to Noteholders. 
24. 
Except for the developments described in the section headed “Systemic risks in connection with 
the economic/financial crisis”, in particular for the possible impact of the Covid-19 crisis, since 
30 June 2020 (being the last day of the financial period in respect of which the most recent 
audited annual financial statements of Mediobanca have been prepared) there has been no 
material adverse change in the prospects of Mediobanca or its subsidiaries.  
25. 
Except for the developments described in the section headed “Systemic risks in connection with 
the economic/financial crisis”, in particular for the possible impact of the Covid-19 crisis, since 
30 June 2020 (being the last day of the financial period in respect of which the most recent and 
available audited annual financial statements of Mediobanca International have been prepared) 
there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of Mediobanca International.

--- Page 254 ---
246 
 
 
26. 
There have been no significant changes to the financial or trading position or to the financial 
performance of Mediobanca or the other companies forming part of the Group since the most 
recent audited financial information available was disclosed in the annual financial statements 
as at 30 June 2020; 
27. 
There have been no significant changes to the financial or trading position or to the financial 
performance of Mediobanca International since the most recent audited financial information 
available was disclosed in the non-consolidated annual financial statements as at 30 June 2020. 
28. 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes remain outstanding, the following 
documents will be available in electronic form (unless the investor requests physical copies), 
and in the case of paragraphs (iii), (iv), (v) and (vi) below, may be obtained free of charge 
during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays and public holidays excepted), for 
inspection at the office of the Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agent: 
(i) 
the Deed of Guarantee. A copy of the Deed of Guarantee will be electronically available 
for viewing on the Issuers’ websites: www.mediobanca.it (in respect of Mediobanca – 
Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A.) and www.mediobancaint.lu (in respect of 
Mediobanca International (Luxembourg) S.A.); 
(ii) 
the By-laws (Statuto) of Mediobanca and articles of incorporation of Mediobanca 
International. A copy of the By-laws (Statuto) of Mediobanca and articles of 
incorporation of Mediobanca International will be electronically available for viewing on 
the Issuers’ websites: www.mediobanca.it (in respect of Mediobanca – Banca di Credito 
Finanziario S.p.A.) and www.mediobancaint.lu (in respect of Mediobanca International 
(Luxembourg) S.A.); 
(iii) 
the published annual financial statements of Mediobanca International as at and for the 
years ended 30 June 2020 and 2019; 
(iv) 
the consolidated annual financial statements of Mediobanca as at and for the years ended 
30 June 2020 and 2019; 
(v) 
Final Terms for Notes which are listed on the Official List of the Euronext Dublin or any 
other stock exchange; 
(vi) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any Supplement to this Base Prospectus or 
further Base Prospectus. 
A copy of this Base Prospectus will also be electronically available for viewing on 
Euronext Dublin’s website (www.ise.ie).  
In compliance with Article 21(3) of the Prospectus Regulation, a copy of this Base 
Prospectus along with the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus 
and any applicable supplement and final terms will be electronically available for viewing 
on on Euronext Dublin website.  
29. 
Physical copies of the latest annual consolidated financial statements of Mediobanca and 
annual financial statements of Mediobanca International may be obtained upon request at the 
specified office of the Paying Agent during normal business hours, so long as any of the Notes 
is outstanding. 
30. 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
systems (which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common 
Code, the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN), the Classification of Financial 
Instrument (CFI) Code, and the Financial Instrument Short Name (FISN) for each Tranche of 
Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the 
appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 255 ---
247 
 
 
31. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of Mediobanca is: PSNL19R2RXX5U3QWHI44. 
32. 
The 
Legal 
Entity 
Identifier 
(LEI) 
of 
Mediobanca 
International 
is: 
549300DV870NBWY5W279. 
33. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Brussels and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. The address of Monte Titoli 
S.p.A. is Piazza degli Affari 6, 20123 Milan, Italy. 
34. 
The websites of the Issuers are, respectively: www.mediobanca.it (in respect of Mediobanca – 
Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A.) and www.mediobancaint.lu (in respect of Mediobanca 
International (Luxembourg) S.A.). For the avoidance of doubts, unless specifically incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus, information contained on any website indicated herein 
does not form part of this Base Prospectus.  
35. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services 
for, Mediobanca and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers 
and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the 
Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) 
entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as 
principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates 
may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or 
related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own 
account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may 
involve securities and/or instruments of Mediobanca or Mediobanca’s affiliates. Certain of the 
Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with Mediobanca routinely hedge 
their credit exposure to Mediobanca consistent with their customary risk management policies. 
Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into 
transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short 
positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such 
positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. 
The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or 
express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and 
may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such 
securities and instruments. For the purpose of this paragraph 17 the term “affiliates” includes 
also parent companies. 
36. 
With respect to Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation the Issuers consent, to the extent and 
under the conditions, if any, indicated in the Final Terms, to the use of the Base Prospectus as 
long as the Base Prospectus is valid in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation and accepts 
responsibility for the content of the Base Prospectus also with respect to subsequent resale or 
final placement of the Notes by any Dealer and/or financial intermediary which was given 
consent to use the prospectus. 
Such consent may be given to all (general consent) or only one or more (individual consent) 
specified Dealers and/or financial intermediaries and/or for a limited or indefinite period, as 
stated in the Final Terms, and for Italy, Ireland and/or the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg as 
member states in which the Base Prospectus has been passported and which will be indicated 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
Such consent by the Issuers is subject to each Dealer and/or financial intermediary complying 
with the terms and conditions described in this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms as 
well as any applicable selling restrictions. The distribution of this Base Prospectus, any 
supplement to this Base Prospectus, if any, and the relevant Final Terms as well as the offering, 
sale and delivery of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law.

--- Page 256 ---
248 
 
 
Each Dealer and/or each financial intermediary, if any, and/or each person into whose 
possession this Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus, if any, and the 
relevant Final Terms come are required to inform themselves about and observe any such 
restrictions. The Issuers reserve the right to withdraw its consent to the use of this Base 
Prospectus in relation to certain Dealers and/or each financial intermediary. 
In case of an offer being made by a Dealer or a financial intermediary, such Dealer or 
financial intermediary will provide information to investors on the terms and conditions 
of the offer at the time the offer is made. 
If the Final Terms state that the consent to use the Base Prospectus is given to all Dealers 
or financial intermediaries (general consent), any Dealer or financial intermediary using 
the Base Prospectus is required to state on its website that it uses the Base Prospectus in 
accordance with the consent and the conditions attached thereto. 
If the Final Terms state that the consent to use the prospectus is given to one or more 
specified Dealers or financial intermediaries (individual consent), any new information 
with respect to Dealers or financial intermediaries unknown at the time of the approval 
of the Base Prospectus or the filing of the Final Terms will be published on the website 
www.mediobanca.it.

--- Page 257 ---
249 
 
 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS  
 
$ ...................................................................... vii 
£ ...................................................................... vii 
1/1 ........................................................... 54, 102 
2017 Budget Law ......................................... 241 
30/360 ..................................................... 54, 102 
30E/360 .................................................. 55, 103 
30E/360 (ISDA) ..................................... 55, 103 
360/360 ................................................... 54, 102 
A ............................................................. 62, 110 
Acceptance Statement ............................. iii, 188 
Accountholder .............................................. 145 
Accrual Yield ......................................... 53, 101 
Actual/360 .............................................. 54, 102 
Actual/365 (Fixed) ................................. 54, 102 
Actual/Actual.......................................... 54, 102 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)............................ 54, 102 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) ............................. 54, 102 
Additional Business Centre(s) ................ 53, 101 
Additional Financial Centre ................... 85, 133 
Additional Financial Centre(s) ............... 53, 101 
Administrative Action ............................ 76, 124 
Applicable Banking Regulations ............ 73, 121 
Asset Instruments ................................... 81, 129 
Asset Management Option ........................... 231 
Asset Management Tax ................................ 232 
Authorised Offeror Contract ......................... 189 
Authorised Offeror Terms ............................ 188 
Authorised Offerors ......................................... iii 
AY .......................................................... 59, 107 
Bank of Italy ............................................. 51, 99 
Bond Basis .............................................. 54, 102 
Broken Amount ...................................... 53, 101 
BRRD ..................................................... 78, 126 
Business Day .......................................... 53, 101 
Buy Back Price ....................................... 80, 128 
Buy-Back Price....................................... 80, 128 
C ............................................................. 62, 110 
Calculation Agent ................................... 53, 101 
Calculation Amount ............................... 53, 101 
Calculation Period .................................. 54, 102 
Cash Instrument ...................................... 81, 129 
Cash-CDS Arbitrage ............................... 81, 129 
CBL ................................................................ 46 
CDS Components ................................... 81, 129 
Centralised Custodian ..................................... 46 
CGN ............................................................... 46 
Classic Global Note ........................................ 46 
Clearstream, Luxembourg .............................. 46 
CMS ....................................................... 54, 102 
Conditions ......................................... i, 191, 211 
CONSOB .......................................................... 7 
Coupons .................................................... 50, 98 
CRA .............................................................. 154 
CRA Regulation ...... 73, 121, 202, 203, 224, 225 
CRD IV .................................................. 73, 121 
CRD IV Directive ................................... 73, 121 
CRD IV Implementing Measure ............. 74, 122 
Credit Index ............................................ 81, 129 
CRR ........................................................ 74, 122 
CSSF ............................................................. 177 
D1 ............................................. 55, 56, 103, 104 
D2 ............................................. 55, 56, 103, 104 
Day Count Fraction ................................. 54, 102 
Dealer Agreement ......................................... 181 
Dealers .......................................................... 181 
Decree No. 167 ............................................. 245 
Decree No. 201 ............................................. 244 
Decree No. 239 ............................................... 39 
Decree No. 44 ............................................... 231 
Decree No. 461 ....................................... 86, 134 
Decree No. 512 ............................................... 39 
Decree No. 600 ............................................... 39 
Deed of Covenant ........................................... 50 
Deed of Guarantee ................................. i, 50, 98 
Deed Poll................................................. 94, 142 
Deeds of Covenant .......................................... 50 
Definitive Notes .............................................. 47 
Determined Rate ..................................... 65, 113 
Dispute .................................................... 95, 143 
distributor .............................................. 190, 210 
Drawdown Prospectus ................................. i, 45 
Early Redemption Amount ..................... 73, 121 
ECB ................................................................. 46 
EEA ....................................... 190, 206, 210, 223 
EURIBOR ............................................... 56, 104 
Euro ................................................................. vii 
Eurobond Basis ....................................... 55, 103 
Euroclear ......................................................... 46 
Eurosystem...................................................... 46 
Events of Default .................................... 89, 137 
Exercise Notice ....................................... 79, 127 
Exercise Period ......................... 77, 79, 125, 127 
existing Notes ......................................... 91, 139 
existing Senior Notes .............................. 90, 138 
Extra-Yield .............................................. 80, 128 
FIEA ............................................................. 186 
Final Redemption Amount ...................... 73, 121 
Final Terms .......................................i, iii, 50, 98 
Financial Instruments and Exchange Act ...... 186 
Financial Services Act ............................ 15, 185 
First Margin ............................................ 56, 104 
First Reset Date ....................................... 56, 104 
First Reset Period .................................... 56, 104 
First Reset Rate of Interest ...................... 56, 104 
Fiscal Agent .............................................. 50, 98 
Fitch .............................................................. 154 
Fixed Coupon Amount ............................ 56, 104 
FSMA ........................................................... 184 
GBP ................................................................. vii 
General Funded Arbitrage ....................... 81, 129 
Global Note ..................................................... 46 
Group ................................................................. i

--- Page 258 ---
250 
 
 
Guarantee of the Notes ............................. 50, 98 
Guarantor ............................................. iii, 50, 98 
holder ........................................................ 51, 99 
IGAs ............................................................... 12 
Index-Components Arbitrage ................. 81, 129 
Initial Rate of Interest ............................. 56, 104 
Instalment Amount ................................. 73, 121 
Instalment Date(s) .................................. 56, 104 
Insurance Distribution Directive183, 190, 207, 
210, 223 
interest .................................................... 87, 135 
Interest .......................................................... 230 
Interest Accrual Date .............................. 56, 104 
Interest Amount ...................................... 56, 104 
Interest Commencement Date ................ 57, 105 
Interest Determination Date ................... 57, 105 
Interest Payment Date ............................ 57, 105 
Interest Period......................................... 57, 105 
Interest Rate ............................................ 57, 105 
Interest Rate Switch Date ....................... 57, 105 
Intermediaries ............................................... 231 
Intermediary ................................................. 231 
Investor .............................................................. i 
Investor’s Currency ........................................ 26 
ISDA Definitions .................................... 57, 105 
ISDA Rate .............................................. 66, 114 
Issue Date ............................................... 57, 105 
Issue Price .............................................. 57, 105 
Issuer ................................................... iii, 50, 98 
Issuers ....................................................... 50, 98 
Italian Bail-in Power .............................. 74, 122 
Italian Banking Act .....................15, 51, 99, 185 
Italian Paying Agent ................................. 50, 98 
Japanese Person ............................................ 186 
LIBID ..................................................... 57, 105 
LIBOR .................................................... 57, 105 
LIMEAN ................................................ 57, 105 
Linear Interpolation ................................ 57, 105 
Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa ........ 51, 99 
Loss .............................................................. 189 
M1 .............................................55, 56, 103, 104 
M2 .............................................55, 56, 103, 104 
Margin .................................................... 58, 106 
Market Value .......................................... 80, 128 
Maturity Date ......................................... 75, 123 
Maturity Period....................................... 75, 123 
Mediobanca .............................................. 50, 98 
Mediobanca Group ............................................ i 
Mediobanca International ................. 50, 98, 176 
Member State ................................................. vii 
Mid-Market Swap Rate .......................... 58, 106 
Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation ......... 58, 106 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate ..... 58, 
106 
Mid-Swap Rate ....................................... 58, 106 
MiFID ............................................................... ii 
MiFID II ........................ 183, 190, 207, 210, 223 
MiFID II Regulations ................................... 182 
Minimum Net Wealth Tax ............................ 239 
modified Notes ........................................ 91, 139 
modified Senior Notes ............................ 90, 138 
Monte Titoli .................................................... 30 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event ..... 78, 126 
MREL/TLAC Requirements ................... 78, 126 
Multiplier .................................. 58, 65, 106, 113 
n .............................................................. 62, 110 
necessary information ..................................... 45 
New Global Note ............................................ 46 
NGN ................................................................ 46 
Noteholder .................................................... 145 
Noteholders ................................................... 230 
Notes ...................................... iii, 50, 93, 98, 141 
offer of Notes to the public ........................... 184 
Offer Period .................................................. 206 
Optional Redemption Amount ................ 59, 107 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) ...... 73, 121 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) ....... 73, 121 
Other Notes ............................................. 93, 141 
P .............................................................. 62, 110 
Partial Repurchase Option ...................... 76, 124 
Paying Agents ........................................... 50, 98 
Payment Business Day .............. 59, 85, 107, 133 
Pension Fund Tax ......................................... 232 
Pension Funds ............................................... 231 
Permanent Dealers ........................................ 181 
Permanent Global Note ................................... 46 
Plan of Distribution ......................................... 41 
Pounds Sterling ............................................... vii 
PRIIPs Regulation ................. 190, 207, 210, 223 
principal .................................................. 87, 135 
Principal Financial Centre ....................... 59, 107 
Proceedings ..................................................... 95 
Programme ................................................ 50, 98 
Public Offer ........................................................ i 
Public Offer Jurisdiction .................................... i 
Public Offer Jurisdictions.............................. 206 
PwC Luxembourg ......................................... 177 
qualified investors ................................... 15, 185 
r ............................................................... 62, 110 
Rate of Interest ........................................ 60, 108 
Receipts ..................................................... 50, 98 
Redemption Amount ............................... 75, 123 
Reference Banks ....................... 60, 64, 108, 112 
Reference Price ....................................... 60, 108 
Reference Rate ........................................ 60, 108 
Reference Rate Multiplier ......... 60, 65, 108, 113 
Regular Date ........................................... 60, 108 
Regular Period ........................................ 60, 108 
Regulation No. 11971/1999 .......................... 185 
Regulatory Event ................................ 14, 16, 17 
Relevant Authority .................................. 75, 123 
Relevant Currency .................................. 60, 108 
Relevant Date .......................................... 87, 135 
Relevant Financial Centre ....................... 60, 108 
Relevant Screen Page .............................. 60, 108 
Relevant Time ......................................... 61, 109 
Replicating CDS ..................................... 81, 129 
Replicating Derivatives ........................... 81, 129

--- Page 259 ---
251 
 
 
Reset Date .............................................. 61, 109 
Reset Determination Date....................... 61, 109 
Reset Period ............................................ 61, 109 
retail investor ................................................ 183 
RP ........................................................... 59, 107 
Rules ............................................................. 188 
S&P .............................................................. 154 
Second Reset Date .................................. 61, 109 
Senior Non Preferred Notes ................ 34, 50, 98 
Senior Notes ................................................... 34 
Senior Preferred Notes ....................... 34, 50, 98 
Series .................................................. vii, 50, 98 
SIMs ............................................................. 231 
Specified Currency ................................. 61, 109 
Specified Duration .................................. 61, 109 
Specified Office ........................................ 51, 98 
SRM Regulation ..................................... 74, 122 
Stabilising Manager(s).................................... vii 
Subordinated Notes ............................ 34, 50, 98 
Subsequent Margin ................................. 61, 109 
Subsequent Reset Date ........................... 61, 109 
Subsequent Reset Period ........................ 61, 109 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest ..... 14, 61, 109 
Substitute ................................................ 94, 142 
Talons ....................................................... 50, 98 
TARGET Settlement Day ....................... 61, 109 
TARGET System .................................... 61, 109 
TEFRA C Rules .............................................. 46 
TEFRA D Rules .............................................. 46 
Temporary Global Note .................................. 46 
Tier II Capital .......................................... 78, 126 
Total Repurchase Option ........................ 76, 124 
Tranche ............................................... vii, 50, 98 
U.S.$ ............................................................... vii 
Underlying Transactions ......................... 80, 128 
unit .......................................................... 66, 114 
US Dollars....................................................... vii 
USD ................................................................ vii 
White List Decree ......................................... 234 
y .............................................................. 59, 107 
Y1 ............................................. 55, 56, 103, 104 
Y2 ............................................. 55, 56, 103, 104 
Yen .................................................................. vii 
Yield ....................................................... 61, 109

--- Page 260 ---
REGISTERED OFFICE 
MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario 
S.p.A. 
Piazzetta E. Cuccia, 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
Mediobanca International (Luxembourg) S.A. 
4, Boulevard Joseph II 
L-1840 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
ARRANGER 
MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Piazzetta E. Cuccia, 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
DEALERS 
Banca Akros S.p.A. Gruppo Banco BPM 
Viale Eginardo, 29 
20149 Milan 
Italy 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 
Ireland  
Barclays Bank PLC 
5 The North Colonnade 
London E14 4BB 
United Kingdom  
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens  
75009 Paris  
France  
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank 
12, place des Etats-Unis, CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France  
 
Credit Suisse Securities (Europe) Limited 
One Cabot Square 
London E14 4QJ 
United Kingdom  
 Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni 4 
20121 Milan  
Italy 
 
J.P. Morgan AG 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany   
 J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
25 Bank Street 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5JP 
United Kingdom 
MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario 
S.p.A. 
Piazzetta E. Cuccia, 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy   
 NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
1082 MD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands   
Société Générale 
29 Boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France   
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse, 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany   
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE ISSUERS AND THE GUARANTOR 
As to Italian law 
Baker & McKenzie 
Piazza Filippo Meda, 3 
20121 Milan 
As to Luxembourg law 
GSK Stockmann SA 
44, Avenue John F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg

--- Page 261 ---
Italy 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
TAX ADVISER TO MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (LUXEMBOURG) S.A. 
GSK Stockmann SA 
44, Avenue John F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE DEALERS 
As to English law and Italian law 
Dentons Europe Studio Legale Tributario  
Piazza degli Affari, 1 
20123 Milan 
Italy 
AUDITORS TO MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (LUXEMBOURG) S.A. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société coopérative 
2, rue Gerhard Mercator 
L-2182 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
AUDITORS TO MEDIOBANCA - BANCA DI CREDITO FINANZIARIO S.p.A. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. 
Piazza Tre Torri, 2 
20145 Milan 
Italy 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
LISTING AGENT 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg 
Branch 
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-2085 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
McCann FitzGerald Listing Services Limited 
Riverside One 
Sir John Rogerson’s Quay 
Dublin 2 
Ireland