--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
MEDIOCREDITO CENTRALE – BANCA DEL MEZZOGIORNO S.P.A. 
(incorporated as a company limited by shares under the laws of the Republic of Italy) 
€1,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
__________________________ 
 
Under the €1,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") described in this base prospectus (the “Base 
Prospectus”), Mediocredito Centrale - Banca del Mezzogiorno S.p.A. ("MCC" or the "Issuer") may from time to time issue notes in 
dematerialised form ("Notes") denominated in any currency, as described in further detail herein. The Notes issued by the Issuer will be 
governed by Italian law. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF"), as 
competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as 
meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CSSF 
should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Notes. 
The CSSF assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus or 
the quality or solvency of the Issuer in accordance with Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Law dated 16 July 2019. This Base Prospectus will 
be published in electronic form, together with all documents incorporated by reference on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com). Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to 
trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
Applications have been made for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to 
be listed on the official list and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, which is a regulated market 
for the purposes of the Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments. The Programme also allows for Notes to be issued on the 
basis that they will: (i) be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or 
quotation systems as may be agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) or (ii) not be admitted to listing, trading or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Interest amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference, inter alia, to EURIBOR or CMS, or such other reference rate as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI", as administrator 
of EURIBOR) is included in the European Securities and Markets Authority's ("ESMA's") register of administrators under Article 36 of 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, ICE Benchmark Administration 
(as administrator of CMS) does not appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant 
to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation 
apply, such that ICE Benchmark Administration is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the 
European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date of approval (i.e. until 2 
August 2025) in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For 
these purposes, reference(s) to the EEA. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in 
the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies after the end of its 12-month validity period. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks, see "Risk Factors" on pages 
15 to 45. 
The Notes will be held in dematerialised form on behalf of the beneficial owners, until redemption or cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli 
S.p.A. with registered office and principal place of business at Piazza degli Affari 6, 20123 Milan, Italy, for the account of the relevant Monte 
Titoli Account Holders. The expression "Monte Titoli Account Holders" means any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to 
hold accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli and includes any depository banks appointed by Euroclear Bank SA/NV as 
operator of the Euroclear System ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, Luxembourg ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"). 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance by Monte Titoli. The Notes will at all times be held in book entry form and title to the Notes will 
be evidenced by book entries pursuant to the relevant provisions of Italian Legislative Decree dated 24 February 1998, No. 58, as subsequently 
amended and supplemented ("Financial Services Act") and in accordance with Commissione Nazionale per le società e la Borsa 
("CONSOB") and Bank of Italy Joined Regulation dated 13 August 2018, as subsequently amended and supplemented ("CONSOB and Bank 
of Italy Joined Regulation"). The Noteholders may not require physical delivery of the Notes. However, the Noteholders may ask the relevant 
intermediaries for certification pursuant to Article 83-quinquies and 83-sexies of the Financial Services Act. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from 
time to time, which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. 
Arrangers and Dealers 
Banca Akros - Gruppo Banco BPM 
IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo 
UniCredit 
2 August 2024

--- Page 2 ---
10287112522-v13 
i 
47-41075186 
 
CONTENTS 
Section 
Page 
IMPORTANT NOTICES ....................................................................................................................................... 1 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ......................................................................................... 8 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................................. 15 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ....................................................................................... 46 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES ................................................................................... 48 
FORMS OF THE NOTES .................................................................................................................................... 49 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ................................................................................................. 50 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .................................................................................................................................. 90 
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................................... 106 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ..................................................................................................................... 107 
TAXATION ....................................................................................................................................................... 136 
REGULATORY SECTION ............................................................................................................................... 144 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................................... 155 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................................. 158

--- Page 3 ---
10287112522-v13 
1 
47-41075186 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes for the purposes of Article 8(1) of the 
Prospectus Regulation.  
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and declares that, to the 
best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does 
not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes" (the "Conditions"), together with a document specific to such Tranche called final terms (the "Final 
Terms") or in a separate prospectus specific to such tranche (the "Drawdown Prospectus"). 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with any document 
incorporated by reference herein (see "Documents incorporated by reference" below) and, in relation to any 
Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, must be read and construed together with the relevant Final 
Terms. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this 
Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and 
construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus 
unless the context requires otherwise. Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated 
by reference, the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers named under "Certain Definitions" below that this Base Prospectus 
(including, for this purpose, each relevant Drawdown Prospectus and each relevant Final Terms) contains all 
information which is (in the context of the Programme and the issue, offering and sale of the Notes) material; that 
such information is true and accurate in all material respects and is not misleading in any material respect; that 
any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed herein are honestly held or made and are not misleading in any 
material respect; that this Base Prospectus does not omit to state any material fact necessary to make such 
information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and sale of 
the Notes) not misleading in any material respect; and that all proper enquiries have been made to verify the 
foregoing. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any 
information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given or made, such 
information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any Dealer. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this Base 
Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the accuracy 
or completeness of information contained in this Base Prospectus. The Dealers accept no liability in relation to 
this Base Prospectus or any document forming part of this Base Prospectus or the distribution of any such 
document or with regard to any other information supplied by or on behalf of the Issuer. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Note 
shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is true 
subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented by a supplement or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve 
any adverse change, in the prospects or financial or trading position of the Issuer since any such date or that any 
other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on 
which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing that information. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or the issue of any Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation, (b) 
constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase any Notes or (c) should be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any of them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes should 
subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to 
have made its own investigation and appraisal of the affairs, condition (financial or otherwise), prospects and 
credit-worthiness of the Issuer. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes in 
certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final

--- Page 4 ---
10287112522-v13 
2 
47-41075186 
 
Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such 
restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on the offering, sale and delivery of Notes and on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the Notes, see 
"Subscription and Sale" below. In particular, Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United 
States Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other 
jurisdiction of the United States, and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Notes may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will not 
exceed €1,000,000,000 and, for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be translated into 
euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes, calculated in accordance with the provisions of the Dealer 
Agreement (as defined under "Subscription and Sale"). The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which 
may be outstanding at any one time under the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to 
compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealer Agreement. 
ESG ratings may vary amongst ESG rating agencies as the methodologies used to determine ESG ratings may 
differ. Any Issuer's ESG ratings (if assigned to the Issuer) are not necessarily indicative of its current or future 
operating or financial performance, or any future ability to service the Notes and are only current as of the dates 
on which they were initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any 
such ESG ratings information contained in this Base Prospectus or elsewhere in making an investment decision. 
Furthermore, ESG ratings shall not be deemed to be a recommendation by the Dealers or any other person to buy, 
sell or hold the Notes. Currently, the providers of such ESG ratings are not subject to any regulatory or other 
similar oversight in respect of their determination and award of ESG ratings. For more information regarding the 
evaluation methodologies used to determine ESG ratings, please refer to the relevant ratings agency's website 
(which website does not form a part of, nor is incorporated by reference in, this Base Prospectus). 
Notes issued as Social Bonds 
None of the Dealers accepts any responsibility for any social assessment of any Notes issued as Social Bonds or 
makes any representation or warranty or assurance whether such Notes will meet any investor expectations or 
requirements regarding such "social" or similar labels or any requirements of such labels as they may evolve from 
time to time. None of the Dealers is responsible for the use of proceeds for any Notes issued as Social Bonds, nor 
the impact or monitoring of such use of proceeds. No representation or assurance is given by the Dealers as to the 
suitability or reliability of any opinion or certification of any third party made available in connection with an 
issue of Notes issued as Social Bonds, nor is any such opinion or certification a recommendation by any Dealer 
to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. In the event any such Notes are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to 
trading on a dedicated "social" or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, 
no representation or assurance is given by the Dealers that such listing or admission will be obtained or maintained 
for the lifetime of the Notes.  
In addition, none of the Dealers has conducted any due diligence on the Social Bond Framework (as defined in 
"Use of Proceeds" below). The Second Party Opinion is not intended to address any credit, market or other aspects 
of an investment in any Notes, including without limitation market price, marketability, investor preference or 
suitability of any security. The Second Party Opinion is a statement of opinion, not a statement of fact. No 
representation or assurance is given by the Dealers, nor the Issuer as to the suitability or reliability of the Second 
Party Opinion or any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) made 
available in connection with an issue of Notes issued as Social Bonds. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
Any Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a 
recommendation by the relevant Issuer or the Dealers, or the Agents or any other person to buy, sell or hold any 
Notes and is current only as of the date it is issued. The criteria and/or considerations that formed the basis of the 
Second Party Opinion or any such other opinion or certification may change at any time and the Second Party 
Opinion may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn. Prospective investors must 
determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained 
therein. The Social Bond Framework may also be subject to review and change and may be amended, updated, 
supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn from time to time and any subsequent version(s) may differ from any 
description given in this Base Prospectus. 
The Social Bond Framework, the Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion or certification does not form 
part of, nor is incorporated by reference in, this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 5 ---
10287112522-v13 
3 
47-41075186 
 
Each prospective investor should have regard to the factors described in the Issuer's Social Bond Framework and 
the relevant information contained in this Base Prospectus and seek advice from their independent financial 
adviser or other professional adviser regarding its purchase of any Social Bonds before deciding to invest.  
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the "EU Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of EU MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom (the “UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565, as amended, as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the “EUWA”); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act, 2000 (as amended, the 
"FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the EU Insurance Distribution 
Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) 
of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014, as amended, as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by the EU PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
EU MiFID II product governance / target market –  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the relevant provisions 
of Commission Delegated Directive (EU) 2017/593 (as amended, the "EU MiFID Product Governance Rules"), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the EU MiFID 
Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "EU MiFID II Product Governance" which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should 
take into consideration the manufacturer(s)’ target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID 
II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market -  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the relevant provisions 
UK MiFIR product governance rules set out in FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should 
take into consideration the manufacturer(s)’ target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK 
MiFIR product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.

--- Page 6 ---
10287112522-v13 
4 
47-41075186 
 
The Programme also allows for Notes to be unlisted or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by 
such other or further listing authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed by the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer’s long-term rating is: (i) BBB with a stable trend by DBRS 
Ratings GmbH (Morningstar DBRS) ("DBRS") and (ii) BBB- with a stable outlook by S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited ("S&P"). Furthermore, DBRS rating is endorsed by DBRS Ratings Limited for use in the United 
Kingdom and S&P rating is endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, a credit rating agency established in 
the UK and registered by the UK FCA under the UK CRA Regulation. Each of DBRS and S&P are established 
in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies (as amended) (the "EU CRA Regulation") and are included in 
the list of credit rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation 
at https://www.esma.europa.eu/. Notes issued pursuant to the Programme may also be rated or unrated. Where an 
issue of Notes is rated, its rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating applicable to the Issuer, the 
Programme or the rating(s) assigned to Notes already issued. Where an issue of Notes is rated, its rating will be 
specified in the Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of 
Notes will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under EU 
CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued 
or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
on credit rating agencies, as amended, as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
EUWA ( the "UK CRA Regulation") or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using 
a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established 
in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified 
under the EU CRA Regulation. Similarly, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the 
rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation. The European Securities and Markets Authority (the "ESMA") maintains on its website, 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation, a list of credit rating agencies registered 
and certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation.  
BNP Paribas Luxembourg Branch, being part of a financial group providing client services with a worldwide 
network covering different time zones, may entrust parts of its operational processes as listing agent of the 
Programme to other BNP Paribas Group entities and/or third parties, whilst keeping ultimate accountability and 
responsibility in Luxembourg. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction 
or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Suitability of the Notes as an investment 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must determine 
the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should 
consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any supplement thereto; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from its own currency;

--- Page 7 ---
10287112522-v13 
5 
47-41075186 
 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial markets; 
and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not purchase 
complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial instruments as a way 
to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall 
portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it has 
the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing 
conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential 
investor's overall investment portfolio. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether 
and to what extent (i) Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should 
consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under 
any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Investors should also consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation, the UK Benchmarks Regulation or any of the international or 
national reforms and the possible application of the benchmark replacement provisions of the Notes, investigations 
and licensing issues in making any investment decision with respect to the Notes linked to or referencing such a 
"benchmark". 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures 
shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain 
tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or where the context requires otherwise: 
(i) 
references to "billions" are to thousands of millions; 
(ii) 
"Clearstream, Luxembourg" means Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, Luxembourg; 
(iii) 
references to the "Conditions" are to the terms and conditions relating to the Notes, set out in this Base 
Prospectus in the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" and any reference to a numbered 
"Condition" is to the correspondingly numbered provision of the Conditions of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the "EU CRA Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as 
amended; 
(v) 
the "UK CRA Regulation" means EU CRA Regulation, as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended; 
(vi) 
the "Dealers" means Banca Akros S.p.A., Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. and UniCredit Bank GmbH, together 
with any additional Dealer appointed by the Issuer under the Programme from time to time, either for a 
specific issue or on an ongoing basis; 
(vii) 
references to "€", "EUR" or "Euro" are to the single currency introduced at the start of the third stage of 
European Economic and Monetary Union and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No. 
974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended; 
(viii) 
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank SA/NV; 
(ix) 
"MCC Group" or "Mediocredito Centrale Group" means the Issuer, BdM Banca S.p.A. and Cassa di 
Risparmio di Orvieto S.p.A.; 
(x) 
"Monte Titoli" means Monte Titoli S.p.A.;

--- Page 8 ---
10287112522-v13 
6 
47-41075186 
 
(xi) 
"IFRS" means International Financial Reporting Standards, as adopted by the European Union and as 
implemented under the Bank of Italy's instructions contained in Circular No. 262 of 22 December 2005 
as amended; 
(xii) 
the "Issuer" means Mediocredito Centrale - Banca del Mezzogiorno S.p.A.; 
(xiii) 
references to a "Member State" are to a Member State of the European Economic Area; 
(xiv) 
references to a "relevant Dealer" shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) 
purchased by one Dealer, be to such Dealer and, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to 
be) purchased by more than one Dealer, be to the lead manager of such issue; and 
(xv) 
the "Securities Act" means the United States Securities Act of 1933 (as amended). 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms may over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the 
Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily 
occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the 
terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must 
end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days 
after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment 
must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any 
Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
A forward-looking statement is a statement which does not relate to historical facts and events but which is based 
on analyses or forecasts of future results and estimates of amounts not yet determinable or foreseeable. Forward-
looking statements are identified by the use of terms and phrases such as "anticipate", "believe", "could", 
"estimate", "expect", "intend", "may", "plan", "predict", "project", "will" and similar terms and phrases. This 
applies, in particular, to statements containing information on future earning capacity, plans and expectations 
regarding a company's business and management, its growth and profitability, and general economic and 
regulatory conditions and other factors that affect it. 
Any forward-looking statements in this Base Prospectus are based on current estimates and assumptions that the 
Issuer makes to the best of its present knowledge. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, 
uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual results, including the Issuer's financial condition and 
results of operations, to differ materially from and be worse than results that have expressly or implicitly been 
assumed or described in these forward-looking statements. The Issuer's business is also subject to a number of 
risks and uncertainties that could cause any forward-looking statement, estimate or prediction in this Base 
Prospectus to become inaccurate. Factors that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ 
materially include, but are not limited to, those discussed in "Risks related to the Issuer". 
In the light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, any future events described in this Base Prospectus may 
not occur. In addition, the Issuer assumes no obligation, except as required by law, to update any forward-looking 
statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, or to conform these forward-looking 
statements to actual events or developments. 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
This Base Prospectus contains certain financial measures that the Issuer considers as constituting alternative 
performance measures ("APMs") as defined by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) 
Guidelines of 5 October 2015 (ESMA/2015/1415). 
In line with the guidance contained in the update of the document "ESMA 32_51_370 – Questions and answers 
ESMA guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures (APMs)" published on 17 April 2020, no changes have 
been made to the APMs to take into account the effects of the Covid-19 crisis.

--- Page 9 ---
10287112522-v13 
7 
47-41075186 
 
Investors should view the APMs as complementary to, and not a substitute for, the figures determined according 
to IFRS. 
APM 
Definition/reconciliation 
Relevant Use 
 Cost/Income 
(Operating expenses - Net provisions for risks 
and charges - Badwill) / Net banking and 
insurance income 
The ratio is used as an efficiency 
measure. 
Net interest 
income/Net banking 
and insurance 
income 
Net 
interest 
income/Net 
banking 
and 
insurance income 
The ratio measures the incidence of 
net interest on net banking revenues. 
Net fees and 
commissions/Net 
banking and 
insurance income 
Net fees and commissions/Net banking and 
insurance income 
The ratio measures the incidence of 
net commissions on net banking 
revenues. 
Net Bad loans/Net 
Loans to customers 
Net Bad loans/Net Loans to customers 
It is a measure of asset quality. 
Net Impaired 
loans/Net Loans to 
customers 
Net Impaired loans/Net Loans to customers 
Also known as Net NPE ratio, it is a 
measure of asset quality.  
The Issuer believes that the above APMs provide useful information to investors regarding the financial position 
and performance, allowing for comparison with similar measures published by other banks as well as average 
industry standards and better illustrating specific aspects and trends of the Issuer's business activity; although it 
should be noted that, since not all banks calculate APM in the same manner, these measures are not always 
comparable.

--- Page 10 ---
10287112522-v13 
8 
47-41075186 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
This section is a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 (as amended) and must be read as an introduction to this Base Prospectus. 
Any decision to invest in the Notes should be based on a consideration of the Base Prospectus as a whole, 
including any information incorporated by reference. 
Words and expressions defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have 
the same meaning in this section. Prospective investors should read the whole of this Base Prospectus, including 
the information incorporated by reference. Unless otherwise specified, the term "Terms and Conditions" or 
"Conditions" shall refer to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and any reference to a "Condition" shall be to 
a Condition under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.  
Issuer: 
 
Mediocredito Centrale - Banca del Mezzogiorno S.p.A. 
Issuer's Legal Entity Identifier 
(LEI): 
 
81560064085A02B2B297 
Arrangers: 
 
Banca Akros S.p.A.  
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A.  
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
Dealers: 
 
Banca Akros S.p.A.  
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A.  
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
and any other Dealer appointed from time to time by the Issuer, 
either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a 
particular Tranche of Notes. 
Paying Agent: 
 
Mediocredito Centrale - Banca del Mezzogiorno S.p.A.. The Issuer is 
entitled to appoint a different Paying Agent in accordance with 
Condition 16 (Agents) 
Luxembourg Listing Agent: 
 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch 
Listing, approval and 
admission to trading: 
 
This document has been approved by the CSSF as a base prospectus. 
Application has also been made for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the Official List of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed by the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s). Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to 
trading on any market may also be issued. 
Notice of the aggregate principal amount of Notes, interest (if any) 
payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and any other 
terms and conditions not contained herein which are applicable to 
each Tranche of Notes will be set out in the Final Terms which, with 
respect to Notes to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, will be delivered to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which 
stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Clearing Systems: 
 
Monte Titoli and/or in relation to any Tranche of Notes, any other 
clearing system as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Initial Programme Amount: 
 
€1,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) aggregate 
principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time. The Issuer

--- Page 11 ---
10287112522-v13 
9 
47-41075186 
 
may increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with the 
terms of the Dealer Agreement. 
Issuance in Series: 
 
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or more 
Tranches issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each Series will 
all be subject to identical terms, except that the Issue Date, the Interest 
Commencement Date, the Issue Price and the amount and date of the 
first payment of interest may be different in respect of different 
Tranches and each Tranche may comprise Notes of different 
denominations. 
Final Terms: 
 
Notes issued under the Programme will be issued pursuant to this 
Base Prospectus and associated Final Terms. The terms and 
conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, together with the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Forms of Notes: 
 
The Notes will be held in dematerialised form on behalf of the 
beneficial owners, until redemption or cancellation thereof, by Monte 
Titoli, for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holders. 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance by Monte Titoli. The 
Notes will at all times be held in book entry form and title to the Notes 
and will be evidenced by book entries pursuant to the relevant 
provisions of Italian Legislative Decree dated 24 February 1998, No. 
58 as subsequently amended and supplemented ("Financial Services 
Act") and in accordance with CONSOB and Bank of Italy Joined 
Regulation dated 13 August 2018, as subsequently amended and 
supplemented ("CONSOB and Bank of Italy Joined Regulation"). 
No physical document of title will be issued in respect of the Notes. 
However, the Noteholders may ask the relevant intermediaries for 
certification pursuant to Article 83-quinquies of the Financial 
Services Act. For further information, see section "Forms of the 
Notes". 
Currencies: 
 
Notes may be denominated in euro or in any other currency or 
currencies, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or 
regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Status of the Notes: 
 
Notes may be issued on a subordinated or unsubordinated basis, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. See Condition 4 (Status of 
Senior Notes), Condition 5 (Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) 
and Condition 6 (Status of Subordinated Notes). 
 
 
(1) Status of Senior Notes: 
Senior Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any 
preference among themselves and at least pari passu with all other 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, present and 
future (save for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of 
law that are both mandatory and of general application). 
 
 
(2) Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes: 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 5 (Status of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes), the obligations of the Issuer under the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes in respect of principal, interest and other amounts 
constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated, unsecured and non-
preferred obligations of the Issuer, ranking (i) junior to Senior Notes 
and any other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
which rank, or are expressed to rank by their terms, senior to the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, including claims arising from the 
excluded liabilities within the meaning of Article 72a(2) of the CRR,

--- Page 12 ---
10287112522-v13 
10 
47-41075186 
 
and (ii) at least pari passu without any preferences among themselves, 
and with all other present or future unsubordinated and non-preferred 
obligations of the Issuer which do not rank or are not expressed by 
their terms to rank junior or senior to the relevant Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and (iii) in priority to any subordinated instruments, 
to any present or future claims ranking junior to such Series of Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes and to the claims of shareholders of the Issuer, 
pursuant to Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated 
Banking Law, as amended from time to time, and any relevant 
implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by 
any Regulatory Authority, all as described in Condition 5(b) (Status 
of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and the applicable Final Terms. 
 
 
(3) Status of Subordinated Notes: 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 6 (Status of Subordinated 
Notes), the Subordinated Notes constitute direct and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer subordinated as described below. Save as 
provided in Condition 6(c) (Status of disqualified Subordinated 
Notes), the Subordinated Notes rank pari passu without any 
preference among themselves. In relation to each Series of 
Subordinated Notes, all Subordinated Notes of such Series will be 
treated equally and all amounts paid by the Issuer in respect of 
principal and interest thereon will be paid pro rata on all 
Subordinated Notes of such Series. 
In the event of the winding up, dissolution, liquidation or bankruptcy 
(including, inter alia, Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa of the 
Issuer), for so long as the relevant Series of Subordinated Notes 
qualify, in whole or in part, as Tier II Capital, the payment obligations 
of the Issuer under each Series of Subordinated Notes will rank in 
right of payment (A) after unsubordinated unsecured creditors 
(including depositors and any holder of Senior Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes) of the Issuer and all other creditors of the Issuer 
holding instruments that are less subordinated than the Subordinated 
Notes (including any subordinated instruments that have ceased to 
qualify, in their entirety, as own fund items (elementi di fondi propri)) 
but (B) at least pari passu with all other subordinated obligations of 
the Issuer which do not rank or are not expressed by their terms to 
rank junior or senior to such Series of Subordinated Notes, including 
holders of present or future outstanding Tier II Capital of the Issuer 
and (C) in priority to the claims of shareholders of the Issuer and to 
the claims of creditors of the Issuer holding instruments that are more 
subordinated than the Subordinated Notes. 
If the relevant Series of Subordinated Notes do not qualify (or cease 
to qualify) in their entirety as own funds items (elementi di fondi 
propri), such Subordinated Notes will rank pari passu without any 
preference among the Notes and: (A) at least pari passu with the 
Issuer's obligations in respect of any other subordinated instruments 
that have ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as own funds items 
(elementi di fondi propri) and with all other subordinated 
indebtedness of the Issuer that have such ranking; (B) in priority to 
payments to holders of present or future outstanding indebtedness 
which qualifies, in whole or in part, as own funds items (elementi di 
fondi propri), including Additional Tier 1 Capital and Tier II Capital; 
and (C) junior in right of payment to the payment of any present or 
future claims of depositors of the Issuer and any other unsubordinated 
creditors of the Issuer (including Senior Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes).

--- Page 13 ---
10287112522-v13 
11 
47-41075186 
 
Issue Price: 
 
Notes will be issued on a fully paid basis and may be issued at any 
price, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Maturities: 
 
Any maturity or no fixed maturity date, subject, in relation to specific 
currencies, to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory 
and/or central bank requirements. 
In the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, unless otherwise permitted 
by current laws, regulations, directives and/or the Regulatory 
Authority's requirements applicable to the issue of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes by the Issuer, Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall have 
a maturity of not less than twelve months. 
Unless otherwise permitted by current laws, regulations, directives 
and/or the requirements of the Regulatory Authority, Subordinated 
Notes must have an original maturity of at least five years. If 
Subordinated Notes have an indefinite maturity, they may be 
redeemable only after five years' prior notice given to Noteholders, 
subject in any event to the prior authorisation of the Regulatory 
Authority. 
 
 
Where Notes have a maturity of less than one year and either (a) the 
issue proceeds are received by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or 
(b) the activity of issuing the Notes is carried on from an 
establishment maintained by the Issuer in the United Kingdom, such 
Notes must: (i) have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies) and be issued only to persons whose 
ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of 
their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, 
manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses; or (ii) be issued in other circumstances 
which do not constitute a contravention of section 19 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 by the Issuer. 
Redemption Amount: 
 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption or 
repayment, the Notes will be redeemable at par. 
Redemption: 
 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption or 
repayment, Notes are redeemable at par as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
The redemption at maturity of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes pursuant to Condition 11(a) (Scheduled redemption) and any 
early redemption pursuant to Condition 11(b) (Redemption for tax 
reasons), Condition 11(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) 
and Condition 11(h) (Issuer Call Due to a MREL Disqualification 
Event) shall be subject, where applicable, to compliance by the Issuer 
with any conditions to such redemption or repurchase prescribed by 
the MREL Requirements at the relevant time (including any 
requirements applicable to such redemption or repurchase due to the 
qualification of such Senior Non-Preferred Notes at such time as 
Eligible Liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements). 
The redemption at maturity of Subordinated Notes pursuant to 
Condition 11(a) (Scheduled redemption) and any early redemption 
pursuant to Condition 11(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 
11(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons) and Condition 11(d) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) shall be subject to the prior 
approval of the Regulatory Authority to the extent required by and in 
accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations. If such 
approval is not given on or prior to the relevant redemption date, the

--- Page 14 ---
10287112522-v13 
12 
47-41075186 
 
Issuer will re-apply to the Regulatory Authority for its consent to such 
redemption as soon as the conditions permit. The Issuer will use its 
best endeavours to maintain the required regulatory capital and to 
obtain such approval. 
Optional Redemption: 
 
Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity at the option of 
the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or (in the case of Senior 
Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes only) the Noteholders to the 
extent (if at all) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
 
If the Notes are Subordinated Notes, the Optional Redemption Date 
(Call) must not be earlier than five years after the Issue Date. In 
addition, early redemption of Subordinated Notes at the option of the 
Issuer is subject to prior approval of the Regulatory Authority. If the 
Notes are Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the Optional Redemption Date 
(call) must not be earlier than 12 months after the Issue Date. 
Tax or Regulatory 
Redemption: 
 
Except as described in "Optional Redemption" above, early 
redemption will only be permitted for tax reasons or, in the case of 
Subordinated Notes, for regulatory reasons, or, in the case of Senior 
Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, for MREL Disqualification 
Event, as described in Conditions 11(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), 
11(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons) and 11(h) (Issuer Call Due 
to a MREL Disqualification Event) respectively. Early redemption of 
Subordinated Notes will in any event be subject to the prior approval 
of the Regulatory Authority. 
Clean-up Redemption Option: 
 
Notes may be redeemed, in whole but not in part and to the extent (if 
at all) specified in the relevant Final Terms, if 75% or any higher 
percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms of the initial 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes of the same Series (which for 
the avoidance of doubt includes, any additional Notes issued 
subsequently and forming a single series with the first Tranche of a 
particular Series of Notes) have been redeemed or purchased by, or 
on behalf of, the Issuer and cancelled. Any such redemption shall be 
subject to the prior consent of the Regulatory Authority. 
Interest: 
 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if any) 
may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate or a combination of the 
two. Notes bearing interest at a fixed rate may contain provisions for 
interest to be reset on one or more occasions by reference to a mid-
market swap rate. The method of calculating interest may vary 
between the issue date and the maturity date of the relevant Series. 
Benchmark Replacement: 
 
Condition 9(j) provides for certain fallback arrangements in the event 
that a Benchmark Event (as described in Condition 9(j)) occurs in 
relation to an Original Reference Rate at any time when the 
Conditions provide for any remaining Rate of Interest (or any 
component part(s) thereof) to be determined by reference to such 
Original Reference Rate. In such event, the Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to determine a Successor Rate, failing which 
an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 9(j)(i)) and, in 
either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with 
Condition 9(j)(ii)), as well as any Benchmark Amendments (in 
accordance with Condition 9(j)(iii)). See Condition 9(j) for further 
information. 
Denominations: 
 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, subject to compliance with all applicable legal 
and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements, and save that the 
minimum denomination of (i) Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be 
€150,000 (or the equivalent amount where the Notes are denominated

--- Page 15 ---
10287112522-v13 
13 
47-41075186 
 
in a currency other than euro); (ii) Subordinated Notes will be 
€200,000 (or the equivalent amount where the Notes are denominated 
in a currency other than euro); and (iii) Senior Notes will be €100,000 
(or the equivalent amount where the Notes are denominated in a 
currency other than euro), or, in each case, such other minimum 
denomination provided by applicable law from time to time. 
Negative Pledge: 
 
None. 
Taxation: 
 
All payments in respect of Notes will be made free and clear of 
withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on 
behalf of Italy or any political subdivision thereof or any authority 
therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law. In that event, the Issuer will (subject to 
the exceptions set out in Condition 13 (Taxation)) pay such additional 
amounts in respect of principal and of interest for any Notes, as will 
result in the Noteholders receiving such amounts as they would have 
received in respect of such Notes had no such withholding or 
deduction been required. 
 
 
As more fully set out in Condition 13 (Taxation), the Issuer shall not 
be liable in certain circumstances to pay any additional amounts to 
holders of the Notes, including circumstances where any payment, 
withholding or deduction is required: 
(i) 
pursuant to Decree No. 239 on account of Italian substitute 
tax, as defined therein in relation to interest or premium 
payable on, or other income deriving from, the Notes. 
(ii) 
by the provisions of U.S. federal income tax law commonly 
referred to as the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
(or FATCA) as a result of a holder, a beneficial owner or an 
intermediary that is not an agent of the Issuer not being 
entitled to receive payments free of FATCA withholding. 
Governing Law of the Notes: 
 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes will be governed by, and shall be construed 
in accordance with, Italian law. 
Ratings: 
 
Notes issued pursuant to the Programme may be rated or unrated. 
Where an issue of Notes is rated, its rating will be specified in the 
Final Terms. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal 
at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to the relevant 
Series of Notes will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation 
or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation 
or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. In general, European 
regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation 
unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation 
or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established

--- Page 16 ---
10287112522-v13 
14 
47-41075186 
 
in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. 
Similarly, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating 
for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency 
not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation 
or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established 
in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. The 
European Securities and Markets Authority (the "ESMA") maintains 
on 
its 
website, 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-
agencies/cra-authorisation, a list of credit rating agencies registered 
and certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. 
Selling Restrictions: 
 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries 
of Notes and on the distribution of offering material in the United 
States of America, the EEA, the United Kingdom, Italy, France and 
Japan, see "Subscription and Sale" below.

--- Page 17 ---
10287112522-v13 
15 
47-41075186 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks. The Issuer believes that the following factors are those 
specific to the Issuer and may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued under the Programme. 
All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur and the Issuer is not in a position to express a 
view on the likelihood of any such contingency occurring. In addition, factors which are material for the purpose 
of assessing the market risks associated with the Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the material risks inherent in investing in the Notes 
issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in 
connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons which may not be considered material risks by the Issuer 
based on information currently available to it or which it may not currently be able to anticipate.  
The risks that are specific to the Issuer are presented in 3 categories and the risks that are specific to the Notes 
are presented in 3 categories, in each case with the most material risk factor presented first in each category and 
the remaining risk factors presented in an order which is not intended to be indicative either of the relative 
likelihood that each risk will materialise or of the magnitude of their potential impact on the business, financial 
condition and results of operations of the Issuer and the Group.  
Prior to making any investment decision, prospective investors should read these risk factors together with the 
other detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, including any documents incorporated by 
reference herein, and reach their own views, based upon their own judgment and upon advice from such financial, 
legal, tax and other professional advisers as they deem necessary, prior to making any investment decision. 
Words and expressions defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have 
the same meanings in this section. 
MATERIAL RISKS THAT ARE SPECIFIC TO THE ISSUER AND THAT MAY AFFECT THE 
ISSUER’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE 
PROGRAMME 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
• 
Risks related to the Issuer's financial situation; 
• 
Risks related to the Issuer’s business activities and industries; 
• 
Legal and regulatory risks. 
Risks related to the Issuer's financial situation 
Credit risk and risk of credit quality deterioration  
The Issuer’s business depends, to a substantial degree, on the creditworthiness of its customers. Notwithstanding 
the controls it carries out, including customer credit checks, it faces normal lending risks and thus may not, for 
reasons beyond its control (such as fraudulent behaviour by customers), have access to all the relevant information 
on a particular customer, their financial position or their ability to pay amounts owed or repay amounts borrowed. 
Any failure by customers to report their financial and credit position accurately or to comply with the terms of the 
loan agreements to which they are party could have an adverse effect on the MCC Group’s business and financial 
results. In addition, any failure by the Issuer to correctly assess the creditworthiness of its customers or any failure 
in its customer vetting system could have an adverse effect on the MCC Group’s business and financial results.  
As at 31 December 2023, the main credit exposures of the Issuer are attributable to: (i) risk to banks; (ii) risk to 
customers, distinguished into (a) businesses (including joint-stock companies, limited liability companies and 
individual companies, both of public and private entities, also with activities in synergy with the area of incentives 
managed by the Invitalia Group, its reference shareholder;); and (b) private individuals, mainly in the form of 
mortgage loans (in this regard, the Issuer has discontinued operations towards the segment, in accordance with 
the strategic lines that provide for the focus of the business on companies); and (iii) other risks, which are mainly 
risks relating to the Issuer’s investment in Italian government securities, and the risks relating to the Italian central 
administrations, for the fees received for carrying out facilitation activities. In addition, the Issuer may also be 
exposed to credit risk with respect to hedging counterparties with whom it has entered into hedging agreements 
to hedge the interest rate risk on its financial liabilities.  
In particular, as at 31 December 2023, the exposure of the Issuer to the Republic of Italy in terms of debt securities 
was €2.989 million (compared with €3.201 million as at 31 December 2022). This exposure to the Italian State

--- Page 18 ---
10287112522-v13 
16 
47-41075186 
 
comprises both debt securities issued by the Republic of Italy and, to a residual extent, a bond issued by Invitalia 
S.p.A. and subscribed for €27.7 million. Receivables due from other public entities (in an amount equal to €58.9 
million as at 31 December 2023 as compared with €47.2 million as at 31 December 2022), are mainly for fees 
matured and not yet received for the management of public subsidies. In addition, tax receivables were equal to 
€299.8 million (compared to €169.6 million as at 31 December 2022) mainly related to tax credits associated with 
construction bonuses. 
Moreover, counterparties may fail to satisfy their obligations to the Issuer due to bankruptcy, shortage of liquidity, 
operating malfunctions or for other reasons. The bankruptcy of an important market player, or even merely the 
possibility of default by them, may significantly affect the MCC Group’s liquidity and could give rise to losses or 
default on the part of other institutions, which could in turn have a negative impact on the MCC Group.  
In addition, a lowering in the counterparty credit rating of the Issuer’s debtors, including the Republic of Italy (in 
this respect, see also “– Risks related to sovereign rating”, below), of which the Issuer holds securities and bonds, 
could lead to losses and/or have a negative impact on the Issuer’s ability to reduce its exposure or use securities 
in a different way for liquidity purposes. A significant downgrade of the credit rating of the Issuer’s counterparties 
could therefore have a negative impact on the profits and financial results of the MCC Group. While in many 
cases the Issuer may demand further security, guarantees or other collateral from counterparties in financial 
difficulty, disputes could arise regarding the value of such guarantees and/or the assets subject to guarantee. On 
31 December 2023, net value adjustments on credits took place to the value of €55.3 million (as against €39.9 
million as at 31 December 2022). 
Credit risk could be further negatively affected by economic impacts related to the Russian-Ukrainian war and 
the Middle-East crisis (in this respect, see also “ – Risks associated with the impact of current macroeconomic 
uncertainties and the effects of the geopolitical tensions, especially in the Group’s principal market”, above) and 
the climate related risks (in this respect, see also “ – Risk deriving from climate change and related to ESG factors”) 
which could lead to a deterioration of the credit portfolio with an increase in non-performing exposure and further 
impairment deriving from write-downs and depreciations of assets, with potential negative effects on the activities, 
business perspectives and economic and financial situation of the Issuer and/or the MCC Group. 
With regard to credit quality, the latter is measured by reference to a series of indicators, including the ratio 
between non-performing loans and the total loans (NPE ratio) of the Issuer and the MCC Group at a given time. 
Over the last years, the MCC Group has reinforced its credit monitoring and management procedures by means 
of a number of specific IT tools which back up its operations and the adoption of the related models for the 
interception and identification of customers potentially at risk of impairment, with a view to guaranteeing the 
prompt monitoring of the positions on the basis of personalised thresholds, and a series of second-and third-level 
control processes. However, there is the risk that, despite these credit risk monitoring and management activities, 
the MCC Group’s credit exposure may exceed predetermined risk’s levels pursuant to the procedures, rules and 
principles it has adopted. 
The Issuer’s total gross non-performing exposures (bad loans, unlikely to pay and past due) was equal to €702.8 
million as at 31 December 2023 (as compared with €619.9 million as at 31 December 2022).  
Non-performing exposures of the Issuer as at 31 December 2023, net of value adjustments, amounted to €439.4 
million (as compared with €454.6 million as at 31 December 2022), equal to a net NPL ratio of 4.5% (4.8% as at 
31 December 2022). As at 31 December 2023, the Issuer’s net exposures to customers were equal to €9,707.7 
million (as compared with €9,444.3 million as at 31 December 2022). 
In greater detail: 
• 
loans classified as bad loans as at 31 December 2023 amounted to €64.1 million (0.66 % of total loans 
to customers) with a coverage rate of 67.1%, (as compared with €59.6 million (0.63 % of total loans to 
customers) with a coverage rate of 48.5% as at 31 December 2022); 
• 
unlikely to pay loans as at 31 December 2023 were equal to €239.6 million (2.47% of total loans to 
customers) with coverage of 34.2% (as compared with €259.7 million (2.75% of total loans to customers) 
with coverage of 28.3% as at 31 December 2022); unlikely to pay securities as at 31 December 2023 
were equal to €116.2 million (1.2% of total loans to customers) with coverage of 3.2% (as compared 
with €128.3 million (1.36% of total loans to customers) with coverage of 2.9% as at 31 December 2022); 
• 
past-due loans as at 31 December 2023 amounted to €19.5 million (0.2 % of total loans to customers) 
with a coverage rate of 17.5% (as compared with €7.1 million (0.1% of total loans to customers) with a 
coverage rate of 27.3% as at 31 December 2022); and

--- Page 19 ---
10287112522-v13 
17 
47-41075186 
 
• 
performing exposures as at 31 December 2023 had a coverage rate of 0.9% (compared with 1% as at 31 
December 2022). Performing securities as at 31 December 2023 had a coverage rate of 1.4% (compared 
with 0.8% as at 31 December 2022). 
A further deterioration in credit quality and the consequent significant increase of non-performing exposures due 
to the borrowers’ reduced ability to meet their repayment obligations may adversely affect the Issuer’s liquidity 
position by increasing the relevant provisions and the funds required to cover non-performing loans, which would 
in turn adversely affect the ability to finance through the Issuer’s own funds and its results of operations, business 
and financial condition. 
Risks associated with the impact of current macroeconomic uncertainties and the effects of the geopolitical 
tensions, especially in the Group’s principal market  
The market environment in which the Issuer and the companies belonging to the MCC Group operate is 
significantly affected by high levels of uncertainty for both the short and the medium-term outlook. The 
macroeconomic situation is also characterised by high levels of uncertainty as a result, inter alia, of the persistence 
of the Russian-Ukrainian conflict and of conflicts in the Middle East. In particular, the hostilities in Ukraine and 
the sanctions imposed on Russia, the resulting trade restrictions, the disruptions to global supply chains and the 
increase in energy, and raw material prices in general, have negatively affected markets and businesses worldwide. 
However, as stated in the Economic Bulletin of the Bank of Italy (April 2024), signs of improvement in the world 
economy emerged in the first months of 2024, particularly in services. In the United States, consumption remained 
particularly robust and employment grew. In China, on the other hand, demand continued to be affected by the 
crisis in the real estate sector. Since the beginning of 2024, crude oil prices have risen sharply, while natural gas 
prices have fallen. 
The Federal Reserve and the Bank of England left key interest rates unchanged; the Bank of Japan raised official 
rates for the first time since 2007 and announced the end of its strategy to control the yield curve. With reference 
to the Italian situation, economic activity in Italy increased moderately in the first quarter of 2024, and was still 
held back by the downturn in manufacturing, against a recovery in services. 
The sluggishness in consumption, which would only partially recover from the decline at the end of 2023, was 
accompanied by a slight increase in private investment, supported by self-financing. According to the most recent 
Bank of Italy estimates, GDP would grow by 0.6 per cent in 2024 (by 0.8 excluding the correction for working 
days), 1.0 per cent in 2025 and 1.2 per cent in 2026, benefiting from the recovery of real incomes and foreign 
demand. 
Inflation is expected to fall to 1.3 per cent in 2024, mainly due to the negative contribution of the energy 
component, rising again to 1.7 in 2025 and 2026. Core inflation, supported by unit labour cost dynamics, would 
stand at 2 per cent in 2024 and fall to 1.7 in the next two years. Risks related to economic growth are tilted to the 
downside, stemming from a stronger-than-expected impact of monetary tightening, more pronounced effects of 
the reduced stimulus to the construction sector and the possibility that the weakness in global trade will persist for 
longer than expected. The territorial dynamics of GDP 2024-25 are affected by the expansive effects of the 
interventions financed by the National Recovery and Resilience Plan ("NRRP"), which impacts on national GDP 
over the two-year period assuming complete and timely utilisation of available resources: +2.5 in the South, +2 
per cent in the Centre-North. Estimates shows that the stimulus offered by the NRRP contributes to bringing GDP 
growth to a positive level in both forecast years: -0.6 per cent and -0.7 per cent of southern Italy's GDP in 2024 
and in 2025 'without NRRP'. The Centre-North also benefits from the stimulus, thanks to which it avoids 
substantial stagnation in the two-year period: -0.2% and zero growth in the Centre-North in 2024 and in 2025 in 
the 'without NRRP' scenario. 
With regard to the territory where the vast majority of the Issuer’s business takes place (i.e. Southern Italy), the 
gap that has been separating the regions of Southern Italy from other areas for many years has been accentuated 
by the Covid-19 crisis, the war in Ukraine, high energy prices and inflation.  
The uncertainty related to the evolution of the macroeconomic scenario could negatively affect the MCC Group’s 
business (as well as the banking sector overall), affecting results of operations and financial conditions as well as 
capital and liquidity levels over time, thereby resulting in the higher provisioning of credit exposures, lower 
evaluation of financial securities and a lower level of collateralisation on the liquidity side. Furthermore, a possible 
new slowdown of the economy deriving from the escalation of the conflict situation in Ukraine and in the Middle-
East as well as other macroeconomic or geopolitical factors, could lead – in the absence of subsidised measures 
in form of loans, bonds or guarantees – to a lower demand for credit services and savings products, with 
consequent negative effects on the activities, business perspectives and economic and financial situation of the 
Issuer and/or the MCC Group. Also, stagnating and poor conditions in the capital markets in Italy could decrease

--- Page 20 ---
10287112522-v13 
18 
47-41075186 
 
consumer confidence and investments, and result in higher rates of loan impairment and/or non-performing loans 
and insolvency, causing an overall reduction in the demand for the Issuer’s services. 
In addition, an uncertain geopolitical and macroeconomic scenario may also negatively affect investors’ 
expectations and trust, the level and volatility of short-term and long-term interest rates, exchange rates and the 
liquidity of the financial markets, thus having negative effects on profitability, capacity and solvency of the Issuer. 
Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the MCC Group’s business, results of operations 
and financial condition. 
Risks related to deferred tax assets  
Deferred Tax Assets ("DTA") probability of recovery is based on reasonable income forecasts that can be inferred 
from strategic and forward-looking plans approved by the Board of Directors of the Issuer, also taking into account 
that, for purposes of the Italian corporate income tax ("IRES"), the legislation provides for the carrying forward 
of tax losses without any time limit. Therefore, adverse changes in income forecasts could result in DTA write-
off for irrecoverability. 
Although it does not define a time period within which to evaluate the recoverability of the DTAs, the accounting 
standard IAS 12, for which ESMA provided specific guidelines on 15 July 2019, specifies that the longer the 
forecast on future income extends, the greater the unforeseen events and circumstances, beyond the company’s 
control, which will impact the reliability of the forecasts on future taxable income. On this point, ESMA therefore 
recommends the production of a specific and detailed disclosure within the financial statement document reporting 
the greatest possible level of detail in relation to the significance of the DTAs and the estimates used with regard 
to their recognition.  
Furthermore, the recoverability of all DTAs could be negatively affected by changes in current tax legislation, 
also as a consequence of the Tax Reform, as defined below, which is being enacted under Law No. 111/2023, 
which are currently unforeseeable, resulting in a possible write-off for the MCC Group.  
Risks associated with sovereign ratings  
Sovereign credit risk is the risk that a sovereign Government is not able to repay amounts due on its securities in 
whole or in part when due. There is a strong correlation between sovereign ratings and the debt sustainability of 
a country which, exceeded a certain threshold as perceived by the market or recommended by public institutions, 
creates uncertainty and market volatility, and may also trigger sovereign downgrades by rating agencies. In general, 
a high level of sovereign debt is perceived as an increased risk of potential sovereign default (with a consequential 
knock-on effect on other market operators).  
As at the date hereof, Italy’s sovereign debt has been assigned the following ratings: Baa3 with a stable outlook 
by Moody’s, BBB with a stable outlook by S&P’s, BBB (high) with a stable outlook by DBRS and BBB with a 
stable outlook by Fitch. 
Based on the methodologies used by certain rating agencies, a potential downgrade of Italy’s credit rating may 
have a knock-on effect on the credit rating of Italian issuers, particularly companies that are in whole or in part 
owned, directly or indirectly, by the Italian State such as MCC, which is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Agenzia 
nazionale per l'attrazione degli investimenti e lo sviluppo d'impresa S.p.A. - Invitalia S.p.A. ("Invitalia"), the 
Italian agency for inward investment and economic development, a publicly owned joint stock company, with the 
Ministry of Economy and Finance (Ministero dell'Economia e delle Finanze – "MEF") as its sole shareholder. 
Any downgrade of the Italian sovereign credit rating, or the perception that such a downgrade may occur, may 
destabilise the markets and have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s operating results, capital and liquidity position, 
financial condition and prospects, as well as on the marketability of the Notes issued under the Programme. If 
sentiment towards the banks and/or other financial institutions operating in Italy were to deteriorate materially, or 
if the Issuer’s ratings and/or the ratings of the sector were to be further adversely affected, this may have an 
adverse impact on the Issuer. In addition, such change in sentiment or reduction in ratings could result in an 
increase in the costs and a reduction in the availability of wholesale market funding across the financial sector 
which could have an adverse effect on the liquidity funding and value of the assets of all Italian financial services 
institutions, including the Issuer. 
In particular: 
• 
any downgrade of Italian sovereign debt may result in a reduction in value of the Issuer’s securities. Any 
reduction of value of securities classified in the Issuer’s “Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive 
Income” portfolio would have an impact on its capital ratios and, with respect to the refinancing of its

--- Page 21 ---
10287112522-v13 
19 
47-41075186 
 
overall portfolio, would cause an increase in required collateralisation for transactions. As at 31 
December 2023, the valuation reserve referrable to the Issuer’s holding in Italian sovereign debt was 
equal to - €38 million;  
• 
any downgrade of the Republic of Italy could affect not only the Issuer’s securities portfolio but also may 
determine the application of increased haircuts under the repo transactions entered into by the Issuer with 
the European Central Bank for liquidity purposes, with a consequent reduction, albeit limited, on the 
liquidity value generated by such securities; 
• 
on the liquidity side, a downgrade in sovereign ratings may result in the Issuer being unable to refinance 
(or being able to refinance only on unfavourable terms), in whole or in part, the Issuer’s own securities 
portfolio on the financial markets as a result of a possible increase in tensions in the national and 
international macroeconomic climate and a possible deterioration in the credit standing of the Italian 
government. In such cases, the Issuer could be forced to dispose of, in full or in part, its own securities 
portfolio at prices below book value and/or increase the share of securities it has to refinance using own 
funds. This could have a material adverse effect on the MCC Group’s business, financial condition or 
results of operation; 
• 
a potential sovereign rating downgrade may also give rise to negative perceptions of the macroeconomic 
environment, exacerbating the indirect link between sovereign risk and credit risk due to the negative 
impact on the asset quality of a credit portfolio due to increased counterparty risk. 
Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the MCC Group’s business, results of operations 
and financial condition. For further information on the MCC Group’s exposure vis-à-vis the Republic of Italy, see 
“ – Credit risk and risk of credit quality deterioration” above. 
Risks relating to late payments by the Italian public administration  
The Issuer operates in conjunction with national and local public administrations that are involved in projects 
assigned by the Ministero delle Imprese e del Made in Italy (the Ministry of Enterprises and made in Italy MED 
or MiSE, previously known as Ministero dello Sviluppo Economico or the Ministry of Economic Development) 
and the Italian government. Generally, the public administration in Italy takes far longer in paying amounts owed 
than the average in Europe as a whole and the provisions set out in the regulatory European framework, which 
envisages binding payment times of 30 days for commercial credit (or 60 days in some cases). 
Receivables due to Issuer from the Italian public administration amounted to €58.9 million in 2023 and €47.2 
million in 2022, of which 83% were attributable to services rendered by the Issuer in respect of the Fondo di 
Garanzia (a public guarantee scheme for SMEs instituted pursuant to art. 2, par. 100, letter a), of Italian Law no. 
662 of 23 December 1996 ("Guarantee Fund") in 2023, and 85.4% in 2022.  
Although to date, MCC has not experienced any significant delay in payments from Italian public administration 
as of the date of this Base Prospectus the business of the Issuer is exposed to possible negative impact deriving 
from future late payments from the Italian public administration 
Risks related to the Issuer’s business activities and industry 
Liquidity risks  
Liquidity risk refers to the possibility that a company may find itself unable to meet its current and future, 
anticipated and unforeseen cash payment and delivery obligations without impairing its day-to-day operations or 
financial position, due to its inability to raise financial resources at market costs (funding liquidity risk) or to the 
difficulty to disinvest its own assets without incurring capital losses (market liquidity risk). This occurs when 
internal (specific crisis) or external (macroeconomic conditions) events result in the Issuer having to deal with a 
sudden reduction of available liquidity or with a sudden need to increase the funding. 
The MCC Group’s liquidity analysis and monitoring framework has identified the following liquidity risk profiles:  
• 
contingency liquidity risk (i.e. the risk of an unplanned need for liquidity); 
• 
mismatch liquidity risk (i.e. the risk of having to refinance shorter debt positions at unfavourable 
conditions); 
• 
market liquidity risk (i.e. the risk of having to sell securities or loan receivables at a price that is lower than 
their fair value);

--- Page 22 ---
10287112522-v13 
20 
47-41075186 
 
• 
funding liquidity risk (i.e. the risks associated with the structure of funding and concentration of 
counterparties/technical forms/maturities having negative effects on market propensity relative to the 
Issuer’s unsecured debt); and 
• 
asset encumbrance risk (i.e. the risks associated with tied assets for secured funding operations having 
negative effects on market propensity relative to the Issuer’s unsecured debt). 
The MCC Group implemented strategies, policies, processes and systems for the identification, measurement, 
management and monitoring of liquidity risk. The main indicators used by the MCC Group for the assessment of 
liquidity risk are:  
• 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) and the Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR), envisaged as strategic 
indicators for monitoring the MCC Group’s liquidity in the short and medium to long term; and 
• 
Counterbalancing Capacity and the indicator Available Unencumbered Assets Central Bank Eligible 
(unencumbered assets eligible for Eurosystem refinancing), as monitoring indicators aimed at highlighting 
in advance the emergence of tensions potentially capable of being reflected on the evolution of strategic 
indicators and to trigger “enhanced surveillance” of the entire indicator system. 
The liquidity position of the MCC Group may be prejudiced by a number of factors that are also outside its control, 
including inter alia the macroeconomic/regulatory context (see also, “Risks associated with the impact of current 
macroeconomic uncertainties and the effects of the geopolitical tensions, especially in the Group’s principal 
market” and “Risk related to the development and changes in banking sector regulation”) and the specific situation 
of the MCC Group itself. Such factors may determine the impossibility of accessing capital markets through the 
issuance of debt securities, the inability to receive funds from counterparties which are external to the MCC Group, 
unexpected cash outflows, devaluation of certain assets and/or the inability to liquidate them. 
More specifically, given the weight of sight deposit in its overall funding structure, the MCC Group’s liquidity 
may be severely impacted in the event of a sharp reduction in this aggregate (bank run), which could be in turn 
determined by a general market disruption or specific issues or negative news regarding the MCC Group, or also 
by reason of the perception among the participants in the market that the MCC Group or other participants in the 
market are experiencing a higher liquidity risk. Such a liquidity crisis may increase the MCC Group’s cost of 
funding and limit its access to some of its traditional liquidity sources. As for indirect effects on the 
macroeconomic scenario, deriving from the combination of geopolitical risks and the rise in energy prices with 
the residual effects of the pandemic, the high level of uncertainty about future developments and the changed 
orientation of monetary policy, the banking system recorded moderate liquidity outflows during auctions of 
government bonds (‘BTP Italia’, ‘BTP Valore’, BOT, etc.), with a consequent shift from direct to indirect funding. 
The Group has therefore raised the level of attention and monitoring of liquidity reserves, risk indicators, and 
early-warning indicators. The latter, in particular, are aimed at detecting in advance any signs of liquidity tension 
in the financial markets, given the changed context compared to the previous phase of abundant and low-cost 
liquidity. 
Furthermore, it should be considered that the MCC Group has a significant exposure to Italian government debt 
securities (see also, “ – Credit risk and risk of credit quality deterioration” above). A possible deterioration of the 
Republic of Italy’s creditworthiness, determined by political uncertainties or weak economic conditions, and/or a 
downgrading of the credit rating assigned to the Republic of Italy (see also, “ – Risks associated with sovereign 
ratings” above) may adversely affect the value of such debt securities and could impact the extent to which the 
Issuer can use, inter alia, Italian government debt securities as a collateral for the ECB refinancing transactions 
(on 31 December 2023 the Targeted Long Term Refinancing Operations – TLTRO III – amounted to €1,390 
million – a decrease compared with 31 December 2022, when the figure was €3,521 million, due to repayments 
in 2023), which could have a negative effect on the MCC Group’s liquidity position. As at 31 December 2023, 
the consolidated LCR and NSFR were equal to 190.4 % and 124.9 % respectively.  
Risks associated with changes in interest rates  
Fluctuations in interest rates in the Eurozone and in Italy affect the MCC Group’s financial performance. The 
results of the MCC Group’s banking operations are affected by its management of interest rate sensitivity and, in 
particular, changes in market interest rates. A mismatch of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities 
in any given period, which tends to increase the exposure to changes in interest rates, may have a material effect 
on the MCC Group’s financial condition and results of operations. Rising interest rates in line with the yield curve 
can increase the Issuer’s cost of funding at a higher rate than the yield on its assets, due (for example) to a 
mismatch in the maturities of its assets and liabilities that are sensitive to interest rate changes or a mismatch in 
the degree of interest rate sensitivity of assets and liabilities with similar maturities. At the same time, decreasing

--- Page 23 ---
10287112522-v13 
21 
47-41075186 
 
interest rates can also reduce the yield on the MCC Group’s assets at a rate which may not correspond to the 
decrease in the cost of funding. Such risk is subject to asset-liability management (ALM). 
Additionally, the following are also relevant for banks within the MCC Group, based on the specific business 
model each entity adopts: 
• 
basis risk: the risk associated with imperfect correlation in the adjustment of lending and borrowing rates 
on different instruments, but with otherwise similar price revision characteristics (maturity and/or revision 
frequency), and 
• 
option risk: the risk associated with the presence of options in the Bank’s assets, liabilities and off-balance 
sheet instruments. 
The MCC Group adopts robust methodologies for measuring risk and includes all relevant elements (risk exposure 
drivers and risk factors) in its business model. 
For the measurement and monitoring of interest rate risk indicators for the purposes of the Group’s risk appetite 
framework (RAF) and, more generally, for the analysis of interest rate risk exposure, the methodological 
adjustments implemented as part of the Group’s ALM Project were adopted, starting from the second half of 2023 
and in accordance with the new EBA Guidelines. In detail, the results achieved by the Project made it possible to: 
• 
extend the ‘full evaluation’ methodology to the entire Group perimeter, adopting it for RAF monitoring 
purposes, and 
• 
adopt updated estimates of customers’ behavioural models, in relation to on-demand items and pre-
payment of mortgages. 
In terms of risk factors, both parallel and non-parallel changes in interest rate curves are considered (e.g. parallel 
shock equal to a change of ± 200 basis points, non-parallel so-called ‘steepener’ shock, non-parallel so-called 
‘flattener’ shock, etc.). With regard to the estimation of customer behavioural models, the Group ALM Project 
carried out: 
• 
the estimation of the behavioural models of Issuer’s customers, and 
• 
a revision of previous estimates for the Subsidiaries’ customers. 
In terms of risk from interest rate shocks, the MCC Group’s exposure increased during the financial year 2023, 
albeit at relatively low levels. As at 31 December 2023, the estimated loss of economic value against an upward 
shock of 200 bps was negative €13 million, while at year-end it stood at negative €37 million, mainly as a result 
of the increase in the stock of long-term fixed-rate mortgages, arising from both new disbursements and 
renegotiations.  
A significant change in interest rates may have a negative impact on the value of the assets and liabilities held by 
the Issuer and the MCC Group and, consequently, on the operating result and capital and/or financial position of 
the Issuer and the MCC Group. 
Risks deriving from the single counterparties or groups of connected counterparties  
The activities of the Issuer and the exposure of its banking portfolio to counterparties and groups of connected 
counterparties in the same industry are subject to concentration risks that stem from the range of services currently 
provided.  
The Issuer is mainly subject to a single-name concentration risk which occurs when the Issuer’s credit portfolio 
shows significant levels of concentration in transactions with single counterparties or groups of connected 
counterparties.  
This risk is monitored at quarterly intervals through a Herfindhal index review which measures the credit 
portfolio’s single-name concentration. The indicator ranges from 0 to 1, where 1 represents the maximum 
concentration of a portfolio and 0 the minimum concentration. The index as at 31 December 2023 was equal to 
0.27% (compared with 0.31% as at 31 December 2022). 
However, high levels of concentration of transactions with single counterparties or groups of connected 
counterparties in the future and the deterioration of the economic situation of such parties could adversely affect 
the MCC Group’s business, results of operations and financial position.

--- Page 24 ---
10287112522-v13 
22 
47-41075186 
 
Operational risk  
The MCC Group’s activities require, among other things, a capacity to carry out transactions efficiently and 
accurately, in compliance with the regulations applicable. In carrying out its business, the MCC Group is exposed 
to operational risk, namely the risk of suffering losses due to errors, violations, interruptions, damages caused by 
the inadequacy or malfunctioning of corporate procedures, errors and shortcomings of human resources, internal 
processes or IT systems, or external events. Operational risk also includes legal risk and, with a view to integrated 
risk management for prudential purposes, certain specific features of IT and security risk; strategic and 
reputational risk are not included (in respect of the strategic risk, see also " – Risks relating to the Business Plan", 
below). 
Given the activities of the MCC Group, its exposure to operational risk is mainly attributable to lending to 
corporate and retail customers, investment services and the management of collection and payment processes, as 
well as activities related to the management of facilitation funds as far as MCC is concerned. 
The execution of IT activities is outsourced to a third party company in order to carry out banking and financial 
activities. The failure by the outsourcers to comply with the minimum level of service as determined in the relevant 
agreements might cause adverse effects for the operation of the MCC Group. The creation of the MCC Group and 
the consequent expansion of the business areas deriving from the inclusion of BDM Banca (formerly, Banca 
Popolare di Bari S.p.A.) has heightened the operational risks, therefore the Issuer has reinforced the IT 
infrastructure through an implementation plan that was also shared with the Bank of Italy. Notwithstanding the 
monitoring and detecting processed implemented by the MCC Group to these purposes, the Issuer remains 
exposed to possible deficiencies or defects in the reliability of its IT system, the quality, integrity and 
confidentiality of the data that is managed, increasing digital exposure and cyber threats, as well as risks related 
to the management of software changes, which could have a negative effect on the operations of the MCC Group, 
as well as on the confidence of their customers and on their actual reputation, on the capital and financial position 
of the MCC Group. 
As at 31 December 2023, capital requirements in respect of operational risks, calculated by means of the base 
method laid down in the Bank of Italy’s instructions, were €68.91 million (as compared with €58.55 million as at 
31 December 2022). 
The Issuer’s risk management techniques and strategies may not be fully effective in mitigating its risk exposure 
in all economic market environments or against all types of risks (especially those due to potential exogenous 
factors such as external and internal fraud), including that the Issuer may fail to identify or anticipate such risks, 
and any failure or weakness in these systems could adversely affect the MCC Group’s financial performance and 
business activities. 
Reputational Risk 
Reputational risk is understood as the current or prospective risk of a decline in earnings or capital arising from 
an adverse perception of the Group by customers, employees, counterparties, shareholders, investors or 
supervisory authorities with which the Group may be related.  
The MCC Group implemented a reputational risk management framework, the objective of which is to monitor, 
manage and mitigate reputational risk, as well as to provide a structured periodic situation report thereon and 
measures that need to be taken to mitigate any areas of vulnerability that may exist. The framework includes the 
following components: identification and assessment of reputational risk, monitoring of the Group’s exposure to 
reputational risk, management of particularly critical reputational events. In particular, the framework considers 
both internal and external factors or events that might give rise to reputational concerns in respect of the institution 
considering, by way of example, factors listed in following points: 
• 
the number of sanctions from official bodies; 
• 
media campaigns and consumer-association initiatives that contribute to a deterioration in the public 
perception and reputation of the institution; 
• 
the number of and changes in customer complaints or sudden loss of customers or investors; 
• 
the reputational impact of affected ICT systems and services and of cybersecurity incidents. 
The Issuer’s risk management techniques and strategies may not be fully effective in mitigating its risk exposure 
in all economic market environments or against all types of risks, including risks that the Issuer fails to identify 
or anticipate. If existing or potential customers believe that the Issuer’s risk management policies and procedures 
are inadequate, its reputation as well as its revenues and profits may be negatively affected. Any failure to execute

--- Page 25 ---
10287112522-v13 
23 
47-41075186 
 
the Group’s reputational risk management framework successfully could materially adversely affect the Group’s 
business activities, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
Risks related to the ratings assigned to the Issuer  
The Issuer is currently rated by S&P and DBRS, both registered with ESMA. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer’s long-term rating is: (i) BBB- with a stable outlook by S&P and 
(ii) BBB with a stable trend by DBRS.  
The risk linked to an issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations, which arises after the issuance of debt instruments 
and money market instruments, is defined by credit ratings assigned by independent rating agencies. The lower 
the rating assigned on the respective scale, the higher the risk, as evaluated by the rating agency, that an issuer 
will not fulfil its obligations at maturity or will not fully and/or punctually fulfil them. A suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal of an assigned rating could have a negative impact on the market price of issued bonds and, 
furthermore, on the stock price of the same issuer.  
Furthermore, since the Issuer’s ability to access the market to obtain unsecured loans depends on its 
creditworthiness, a possible downgrading or withdrawal of one or more ratings may affect the MCC Group’s 
ability to access the various liquidity instruments and its ability to compete in the market, a circumstance that may 
cause increased deposit collection costs or require the creation of additional guarantees for the purpose of raising 
liquidity, which may have a negative impact on the business and the economic, capital and/or financial condition 
of the MCC Group.  
The ratings assigned to the Issuer by the main international rating agencies are an indication of the credit ratings 
of the Issuer itself, and the outlook represents the parameter which indicates the expected trend in the near future 
of the ratings assigned to the Issuer. However, such indications may not properly reflect developments in the 
Issuer’s solvency position.  
Any reduction in the rating level assigned to the Issuer either by DBRS and/or S&P could have a negative effect 
on the Issuer’s ability to access the financial markets and could lead to an increase in funding costs or require the 
granting of additional collateral guarantees for the purpose of accessing liquidity. This may have an adverse effect 
on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the MCC Group. 
Risks relating to the Business Plan  
In March 2024, the Board of Directors of the Issuer approved the update of the business plan and the MCC Group’s 
funding plan for the period 2024-2027 (the Business Plan), which confirms the MCC Group’s intention to support 
companies, with particular attention to those in Southern Italy, the focus on credit, which is flanked by additional 
services and products, the continuation of a path of alignment with ESG objectives and operating models, 
economic and capital sustainability, investment support for the twin transition and the acceleration of the growth 
path of commercial banks, alongside families and businesses in their territories of reference. 
The Issuer’s ability to meet its strategic objectives depends on a number of assumptions and circumstances, some 
of which are outside the Issuer’s control, including those related to developments in the macroeconomic and 
political environments in which the Issuer operates, developments in applicable laws and regulations and 
assumptions related to the effects of specific action or future events which the Issuer can only partially manage. 
Any failure to implement the strategic objective or meet the strategic objective may have a material adverse effect 
on the MCC Group business, financial condition or results of operations. 
Risk deriving from climate change and related to ESG factors  
Climate change is a material risk with possibly more limited effects over the short term, however potentially 
catastrophic over the long term. The MCC Group is subject to the following risks associated with climate change.  
(i) 
physical risk, which consists in the financial impact of climate change, including more frequent extreme 
weather events and gradual changes in climate, as well as environmental degradation, i.e., air, water and 
soil pollution, water stress, biodiversity loss and deforestation. Such risk can result directly, for example, 
in material damage or a decline in productivity, or indirectly in subsequent events such as disruption of 
production chains. Physical risk could impact both the MCC Group’s assets (e.g., properties damaged as a 
result of severe weather events) and those of customers, potentially affecting, for example, assets granted 
as collateral in respect of the loans made available to them; and

--- Page 26 ---
10287112522-v13 
24 
47-41075186 
 
(ii) 
transition risk, which consists in the financial loss that an institution may incur, directly or indirectly, as a 
result of the adjustment process to a low-carbon and more environmentally sustainable economy. This 
could be caused, for example, by the relatively sudden adoption of climate and environmental policies, 
technological progress, or changing market confidence and preferences.  
Following the adoption of the Paris Agreement on climate change and the United Nations 2030 Agenda for 
Sustainable Development in 2015, governments are taking steps to transition to more circular and low carbon 
economies on a global scale. As for Europe, the European Green Pact sets the goal of turning Europe into the first 
climate-neutral continent by 2050. The credit institutions should frame climate and environmental risks as part of 
a strategic, comprehensive and forward-looking approach.  
In this context, the MCC Group has identified the areas on which it intends focus on in the medium term, also 
taking into account the guidelines issued from time to time on the subject. In particular, the MCC Group plans to 
continue the regulatory oversight activities and the progressive integration of ESG factors into the MCC Group’s 
business and operations to be implemented in the MCC Group’s regulatory framework. 
To this end, in early 2023 and with the support of a leading external consultant, the MCC Group launched a 
structured ESG project to accelerate the path of convergence and adaptation to regulatory expectations on climate 
and environmental risks, and to take into account the growing sensitivity of stakeholders to issues related to 
ecological transition and sustainability. This project includes: (i) the preparation of a gap analysis; (ii) the 
determination of the alignment plan for the various areas of process, governance, operations, risk, reporting and 
disclosure to the market; and (iii) the timing of implementation. No delays to the defined plan were reported 
during 2023. However, the above measures put in place by the MCC Group may not be fully effective in mitigating 
its exposure to climate change, including risks that the MCC Group fails to identify or anticipate the risks relevant 
to it. 
Moreover, the assessment reports of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) published in 2022 
(at https://www.ipcc.ch/report/ar6/wg3/) highlighted that the risks associated with climate change are particularly 
high for people and ecosystems in Southern Italy where the business activities of the MCC Group is mainly 
concentrated. 
Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the MCC Group’s business, results of operations 
and financial condition.  
Market risk  
The financial results of the Issuer are linked to the operational context in which it carries out its business. In 
particular, the Issuer is exposed to potential losses arising from changes in the market due to fluctuating or 
changing interest rates, foreign exchange rates, share prices and prices in general. According to the MCC Group’s 
business model and internal policies, this risk stems from the HTCS (Hold to Collect and Sell) portfolios in the 
banking book, while the exposure deriving from trading book positions is residual and immaterial1. 
The Issuer’s exposure to market risk could arise as the result of, inter alia, either business positions taken for or 
in respect of customers, or of a deliberate assumption of such positions and could have a material impact on its 
results of operations and financial condition. 
Risks related to the Issuer’s mandate to manage the Guarantee Fund  
The Issuer is involved in the management of the Guarantee Fund under which public facilities are granted in the 
form of guarantees. See “Description of the Issuer—Subsidiased credit” for further information on the Issuer’s 
role as manager of the Guarantee Fund. 
A loss of Guarantee Fund revenues due to the early termination of the New GF Agreement (as defined in 
“Description of the Issuer—Subsidiased credit” below), or should such agreement not be renewed upon its expiry 
in 2030 would have an adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer 
and the MCC Group. 
 
1 The Issuer monitors the price risk exposure of shares and bonds by estimating, on a daily basis, the VaR (Value 
at Risk) and CVaR (Conditional Value at Risk or Expected Shortfall) of the investments allocated in the banking 
book using a historical simulation approach.

--- Page 27 ---
10287112522-v13 
25 
47-41075186 
 
Legal and regulatory risks 
Risks related to litigation and legal and tax proceedings  
The Issuer and the other banks of the MCC Group (BDM Banca S.p.A. (BDM) and Cassa di Risparmio di Orvieto 
S.p.A. (CRO)) may be involved in disputes and litigation with European authorities, public authorities, 
supervisory authorities, tax authorities, competitors, employees, customers, and other parties. The Issuer 2023 
Consolidated Annual Financial Statements include €233 million set aside as Other Provisions for Liabilities and 
Charges (Altri fondi per rischi e oneri), including €128 million for legal disputes. For further information in this 
respect, see also “Description of the Issuer - Legal and arbitration proceedings” below. 
The accounting provisions (accantonamenti) are determined according to the estimated risk of a negative outcome 
of the relevant proceedings, based on the assessment in accordance with applicable law and regulatory provisions, 
and in accordance with the MCC Group’s policies and procedures; the amount of any such accounting provision, 
if any, is then determined pursuant to: (i) the amount which is the subject matter of the relevant proceeding 
(petitum); and (ii) the different thresholds provided for by the MCC Group’s policies and procedures, based on 
the level of likelihood of the above mentioned negative outcome. The accounting provisions (accantonamenti) 
are periodically reviewed on the basis of the progress of the relevant proceedings. 
However, the liabilities that may be incurred as a consequences of any such proceedings are uncertain and 
provisions made, if any, may be insufficient to fully cover any charges, expenses, or sanctions as well as damages 
associated with such proceedings. The Issuer and the other banks of the MCC Group may in the future be called 
to pay compensation and restitution costs not covered by provisions, with a potential negative impact on the 
business and the economic, capital and/or financial condition of the MCC Group. 
Risk related to the capital requirements applicable to the Group  
The Issuer and the companies belonging to the MCC Group are subject to capital adequacy requirement. The 
capital adequacy evaluation under a regulatory perspective is based on the constant monitoring of their own funds, 
the risk-weighted assets, as well as on the comparison with the minimum regulatory requirements and the 
additional capital buffers provided for by the applicable legislative provisions. For more information about the 
capital adequacy requirements applicable to the Issuer and the companies belonging to the MCC Group see “ – 
Basel III and the CRD IV Package” below. 
In light of the above, supervisory authorities may impose further requirements and/or parameters for the purpose 
of calculating capital adequacy requirements or may adopt interpretation approaches of the legislation governing 
prudential fund requirements unfavourable to the Issuer and the companies belonging to the MCC Group, with 
the consequent inability of the Issuer and/or the companies belonging to the MCC Group to comply with the 
requirements imposed and with a potential negative impact, even material, on the business and capital, economic 
and financial conditions of the MCC Group, which may give rise to the need to adopt further capital enhancement 
measures.  
Furthermore, the evaluation of the capital adequacy level is affected by various factors, among which is the need 
to deal with the impact of new and potentially more demanding requirements under a regulatory standpoint 
announced by the EU regulator, the need to support functional plans for a swifter reduction of the stock of impaired 
loans and/or the assessment of market scenarios which could be particularly challenging and which could require 
adequate capital resources to support the level of assets and investments of the MCC Group with potential 
limitations to the operation of the MCC Group. 
It cannot be excluded that, in the future, the Issuer and/or the companies belonging to the MCC Group may be 
required, also in light of external factors and unforeseeable events outside of their control and/or after further 
requests by the supervisory authority, to undertake capital enhancement interventions; also, the Issuer and/or the 
members of the MCC Group may not be able to achieve in the prescribed timeframes and/or maintain (both at 
individual and consolidated level) the minimum capital requirements required by the legislation in force from 
time to time or established from time to time by the supervisory authority, thereby potentially causing a material 
negative impact on the business and capital, economic and financial condition of the MCC Group. 
Risk related to the development and changes in banking sector regulation  
The Issuer and the banks included in the Issuer’s Group are subject to complex and strict regulations at an 
individual and/or consolidated basis, as well as to the supervisory activity performed by the relevant institutions 
(in particular, the Bank of Italy and CONSOB). Both the aforementioned regulation and supervisory activities are 
subject, respectively, to continuous updates and developments in laws, regulation, guidelines and practices. Each 
of MCC and its subsidiaries (i.e. BDM and CRO, the Subsidiaries), are subject, in addition to the supranational

--- Page 28 ---
10287112522-v13 
26 
47-41075186 
 
and national rules and the primary or regulatory rules of the financial and banking sector, to specific rules on, 
inter alia, antimoney laundering, usury, data protection and consumer protection. Although the Issuer and the 
banks part of the MCC Group undertake to comply with such rules and regulations, any changes of the rules 
and/or changes of the interpretation and/or implementation of the same by the competent authorities could give 
rise to new burdens and obligations for the Issuer, with possible negative impacts on the operational results and 
the economic and financial situation of the Issuer. 
Finally, the introduction of new regulations may require the MCC Group to comply with new capital and liquidity 
requirements and standards that are not foreseeable by the Issuer at this time. The compliance with such new 
regulations may require the Issuer to incur substantial costs deriving from having to adapt its services and 
products, internal and external control structures in order to comply with new potential regulations. The 
occurrence of these events may have a negative impact on the MCC Group’s business and/or financial condition. 
Basel III, the CRD IV Package and BRRD  
The Issuer must comply with the revised global regulatory standards (Basel III) on bank capital adequacy and 
liquidity, which impose requirements for, among other things, higher and better-quality capital, better risk 
coverage, measures to promote the build-up of capital that can be drawn down in periods of stress and the 
introduction of a leverage ratio as a backstop to the risk-based requirement as well as two global liquidity 
standards, in terms of banking prudential regulations. 
The Basel III framework has been implemented in the European Union through new banking requirements: 
Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and the European Council on 26 June 2013 which relates to the 
activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms (the CRD 
IV), and Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and the European Council on 26 June 2013 
which relates to prudential requirements for credit institution and investment firms (the CRR and together with 
the CRD IV, the CRD IV Package), subsequently updated and supplemented, inter alia, with the Directive (EU) 
2019/878 (the CRD V) and Regulation (EU) 2019/876 (the CRR II and, together with the CRD V, the EU 
Banking Reform Package).  
The Bank of Italy published the supervisory regulations on banks in December 2013 (Circular of the Bank of Italy 
No. 285 of 17 December 2013, as subsequently amended from time to time by the Bank of Italy – Circular No. 
285) which came into force on 1 January 2014 and which has been amended over time in order to implement, 
inter alia, the CRD IV Package, as lastly amended by the EU Banking Reform Package, and set out additional 
local prudential rules concerning matters not harmonised at EU level. Circular No. 285 has been constantly 
updated after its first issue, the last update being the 47th update, published on 7 May 2024.  
Since 2017, the European institutions have been working on new changes to the regulatory framework applicable 
to banks, and in October 2021, the European Commission presented a draft reform (so-called Banking Package 
2021), which includes the proposals for the final implementation of Basel 3 in the European Union through a 
legislative package introducing amendments to the CRR, to the CRD, and also a proposal to amend the Capital 
Requirements Regulation in the area of resolution (the so-called “daisy chain” proposal). The banking package 
has been published on the EU Official Journal on 19 June 2024 and the CRR III entered into force 20 days after 
publication in the EU Official Journal. Although some provisions are be applicable from the publication date, the 
majority of the CRR III provisions will be applied starting from 1 January 2025, with certain elements of the 
Regulation phasing in over the years. Member States shall adopt and publish the CRD VI measures by 18 months 
from 9 July 2024 and they shall apply those provisions from one day after its transposition date. 
In addition to the above, the Issuer and its Subsidiaries are subject to the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
2014/59/EU of 15 May 2014 implemented in Italy with the Legislative Decree 180 and 181 of 16 November 2015 
(BRRD) as subsequently amended, supplemented and implemented in Italy by Legislative Decree No. 193 of 8 
November 2021 (published in the Gazzetta Ufficiale on 30 November 2021). Since January 2016, the Bank of 
Italy’s tasks have been performed in the context of the Single Resolution Mechanism (SRM) established by the 
Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 (Single Resolution 
Mechanism Regulation or SRMR as amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of 20 May 2019, published in the 
Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019 (SRMR II) and applying from 28 December 2020) which 
sets out uniform rules and procedures for the resolution involving significant credit institutions or those with cross-
border activity within the euro area, as well as certain investment firms under the SRM and the SRF. The SRM 
and BRRD enable a range of resolution tools and powers to be used in relation to credit institutions and investment 
firms considered to be at risk of failing. 
In particular, the BRRD contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone (except for the asset 
separation tool) or in combination with other resolution tools where the relevant resolution authority considers

--- Page 29 ---
10287112522-v13 
27 
47-41075186 
 
that: (a) a relevant entity is failing or likely to fail; (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private 
sector measures would prevent the failure of such relevant entity within a reasonable timeframe; and (c) a 
resolution action is in the public interest; these are: (i) sale of business - which enables resolution authorities to 
direct the sale of the relevant entity or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms; (ii) bridge institution 
- which enables resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the business of the relevant entity to a “bridge 
institution” (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or partially in public control); (iii) asset separation - 
which enables resolution authorities to transfer impaired or problem assets to one or more publicly owned asset 
management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to maximising their value through eventual sale 
or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with another resolution tool only); and (iv) bail-in - which gives 
resolution authorities the power to write down certain claims of unsecured creditors of a failing relevant entity 
and/or to convert certain unsecured debt claims (including Subordinated Notes) into shares or other instruments 
of ownership (i.e. other instruments that confer ownership, instruments that are convertible into or give the right 
to acquire shares or other instruments of ownership, and instruments representing interests in shares or other 
instruments of ownership. Such shares or other instruments of ownership could also be subject to any future 
application of the BRRD. The aim of the bail-in is to absorb losses and recapitalise the failing bank in order to 
ensure the continuity of its critical economic functions, protecting financial stability and minimising losses to the 
taxpayer, while still ensuring that no creditor suffers greater losses than if the bank had been liquidated under 
normal insolvency proceedings. In the context of the bail-in, losses may be transferred, following a priority order 
and net of the exclusions provided for by the regulations, to shareholders, holders of subordinated debt securities, 
holders of senior non preferred securities, holders of not subordinated and unsecured debt securities, other 
unsecured creditors and, finally, depositors for the portion exceeding the guaranteed portion, i.e. for the portion 
exceeding €100,000.00 per depositor.  
In the context of these resolution tools, the resolution authorities have the power to amend or alter the maturity of 
certain debt instruments issued by an institution under resolution or amend the amount of interest payable under 
such instruments, or the date on which the interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a 
temporary period. 
In addition to the General Bail-In Tool and other resolution tools, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities 
to have the further power to permanently write-down or convert into equity capital instruments at the point of 
non-viability and before any other resolution action is taken with losses taken in accordance with the priority of 
claims under normal insolvency proceedings (BRRD Non-Viability Loss Absorption). Any shares or other 
instruments of ownership issued to holders of Subordinated Notes upon any such conversion may in turn be subject 
to any future application of the General Bail-In Tool. 
For the purposes of the application of any BRRD Non-Viability Loss Absorption measure, the point of non-
viability under the BRRD is the point at which: (i) the relevant authority determines that the relevant entity meets 
the conditions for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken); or (ii) the relevant authority or 
authorities, as the case may be, determine(s) that the relevant entity or, in certain circumstances, its group will no 
longer be viable unless the relevant capital instruments are written-down or converted; or (iii) extraordinary public 
support is to be provided and without such support the appropriate authority determines that the institution and/or, 
as appropriate, its group, would no longer be viable.  
Capital Requirements  
According to Article 92 of the CRR, institutions shall at all times satisfy the following own funds requirements: 
(i) a Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) Capital ratio of 4.5%; (ii) a Tier 1 Capital ratio of 6%; (iii) a Total Capital 
ratio of 8%; and (iv) a leverage ratio of 3%. These minimum ratios are complemented by the following capital 
buffers to be met with CET1 Capital, reported below as applicable with reference to May 2024: 
• 
Capital conservation buffer: set at 2.5% from 1 January 2019 (pursuant to article 129 of the CRD IV and 
Part I, Title II, Chapter I, Section II of Circular No. 285); 
• 
Counter-cyclical capital buffer (CcyB): set by the relevant competent authority between 0% - 2.5% of 
credit risk exposures towards counterparties each of the home Member State, other Member States and 
third countries (but may be set higher than 2.5% where the competent authority considers that the 
conditions in the Member State justify this), with gradual introduction from 1 January 2016 and applying 
temporarily in the periods when the relevant national authorities judge the credit growth excessive 
(pursuant to Article 130 of the CRD IV and Part I, Title II, Chapter I, Section III of Circular No. 285). The 
Bank of Italy has set, and decided to maintain, the CcyB (relating to exposures towards Italian 
counterparties) at 0% for the second quarter of 2024. The specific countercyclical capital rate of the Issuer 
amounted to 0%;

--- Page 30 ---
10287112522-v13 
28 
47-41075186 
 
• 
Capital buffers for globally systemically important banks (G-SIBs): set as an “additional loss absorbency” 
buffer varying depending on the sub-categories on which the globally systemically important institutions 
(G-SIIs) are divided into. The lowest sub-category shall be assigned a G- SII buffer of 1 % of the total risk 
exposure amount calculated in accordance with Article 92(3) of the CRR, as amended by CRR II, and the 
buffer assigned to each sub-category shall increase in gradients of at least 0,5 % of the total risk exposure 
amount calculated in accordance with Article 92(3) of the CRR, as amended by CRR II. G-SIBs is 
determined according to specific indicators (size, interconnectedness, lack of substitutes for the services 
provided, global cross border activity and complexity) and, being phased in from 1 January 2016 (pursuant 
to Article 131 of the CRD IV and Part I, Title II, Chapter I, Section IV of Circular No. 285), became fully 
effective on 1 January 2019. Based on the most recently updated list of G-SIIs published by the Financial 
Stability Board (FSB) on 27 November 2023 (updated annually), the Issuer is not G-SIB and does not need 
to comply with a G-SII capital buffer requirement; and  
• 
Capital buffers for other systemically important institutions at domestic level (O-SIIs): up to 3.0% as set 
by the relevant competent authority (and must be reviewed at least annually), to compensate for the higher 
risk that such banks represent to the domestic financial system (Article 131 of the CRD IV and Part I, Title 
II, Chapter I, Section IV of Circular No. 285). The Bank of Italy has not identified the Issuer as an O-SII 
and the Issuer does not need to comply with an O-SII capital buffer requirement. 
In addition to the above capital buffers, under Article 133 of CRD V, European Member States may introduce a 
systemic risk buffer of CET1 Capital in order to prevent and mitigate macroprudential or systemic risk not covered 
by the CRD IV Package. Following a public consultation procedure, on 26 April 2024, the Bank of Italy decided 
to apply a SyRB of 1.0% of exposures towards Italian residents weighted for credit and counterparty credit risks. 
The SyRB applies to all banks and banking groups authorised in Italy. The buffer rate is imposed gradually: 0.5% 
by 31 December 2024, and 1% (full rate) by 30 June 2025. The SyRB is to be applied at the highest level of 
consolidation for banking groups.  
Failure by a bank to comply with the buffer requirements may trigger restrictions on distributions by reference to 
the so-called maximum distributable amounts and the need for the bank to adopt a capital conservation plan and 
take remedial action (Articles 141 and 142 of the CRD IV and Part I, Title II, Chapter I, Section VI of Circular 
No. 285). 
In addition, the Issuer is subject to the Pillar 2 requirement (Pillar 2 Requirement). The Pillar 2 Requirement 
must be fulfilled with at least 56.25%. CET1 Capital and at least 75%. Tier 1 capital. Competent authority may 
require that the institution fulfils its additional own funds requirement with a higher portion of Tier 1 Capital or 
CET1 Capital where necessary (while having regard to specific circumstances of the relevant institution).  
The CRD V also introduces a so-called “guidance on additional own funds” requirement (the Pillar 2 Guidance), 
which sets a level and quality of capital the relevant credit institution is expected to hold in excess of its overall 
capital requirement. The Pillar 2 Guidance is based on expectations of competent authorities for each institution 
to hold capital in excess of its capital requirements (Pillar 1 and Pillar 2) and combined buffer requirement in 
order to address forward-looking and remote situations. A failure to meet the Pillar 2 Guidance does not trigger 
automatic restrictions on distributions provided, however, where an institution repeatedly fails to meet the Pillar 
2 Guidance, the competent authority is entitled to take supervisory measures and, where appropriate, impose 
additional own funds requirements.  
With update no. 39 of 13 July 2022, the Circular No. 285 was amended in order to fully transposed into the Italian 
secondary level legislation the provisions laid down by CRD V as to Pillar 2 Requirements and Pillar 2 Guidance. 
According to EBA’s guidelines to national supervisors on common procedures and methodologies for the 
supervisory review and evaluation process (SREP) and supervisory stress testing (the SREP Guidelines), as most 
recently updated on 18 March 2022, competent authorities may, on the basis of the vulnerabilities and deficiencies 
identified in the SREP assessment, among other things, restrict or prohibit distributions or interest payments by a 
credit institution to members or holders of its Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments, as provided by Article 104 
(1 (i)) of the CRD IV. Accordingly, the additional Pillar 2 Requirement that may be imposed on the Issuer by the 
Bank of Italy pursuant to the SREP will require the Issuer to hold capital levels above the Pillar 1 requirement. 
The results of the last SREP have been delivered by the Bank of Italy to the Issuer on 7 April 2023. In this 
communication, the Bank of Italy, confirmed what was already contained in the previous communication of 22 
June 2022, stating that it expects the MCC Group to reach - by June 2024 - the following capital levels: 
• 
CET 1 Ratio equal to 10%, composed of the CET 1 Ratio of 8% and a target component (Pillar 2 Guidance 
- P2G) of 2%;

--- Page 31 ---
10287112522-v13 
29 
47-41075186 
 
• 
Tier 1 Ratio of 11.90%, consisting of the Tier 1 Ratio of 9.90% and a target component (Pillar 2 Guidance 
- P2G) of 2%; 
• 
Total Capital Ratio of 14.35%, consisting of the Total Capital Ratio of 12.35% and a target component 
(Pillar 2 Guidance - P2G) of 2%.  
As at 31 March 2024, including in CET1 - after verification by the auditors - the profit for the period as at 31 
March 2024, the Issuer's CET1/Tier1 ratio was 13.88% and the total capital ratio was 15.08%. 
The CRD IV Package also introduced a LCR which is a stress liquidity measure based on modelled 30-day 
outflows. Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61 of 10 October 2014 supplementing the CRR with 
regard to liquidity coverage requirement for credit institutions (the LCR Delegated Act) was adopted in October 
2014 and published in the Official Journal of the European Union in January 2015. On 20 May 2022, amendments 
to the LCR Delegated Act were published in the Official Journal (Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2022/786 of 10 February 2022) and has applied as of July 2022. Most of these amendments has been introduced 
to better allow the credit institutions issuing covered bonds to comply, on one hand, with the general liquidity 
coverage requirement for a 30 calendar day stress period and, on the other hand, with the cover pool liquidity 
buffer requirement, as laid down by Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council. 
Most of these amendments are related to the entry into force of the new securitisation framework on 1 January 
2019. The net stable funding ratio (NSFR) is part of the Basel III framework and aims to promote resilience over 
a longer time horizon by creating incentives for banks to fund their activities with more stable sources of funding 
on an on-going basis. The NSFR has been introduced as a requirement in the CRR II published in June 2019 and 
is applicable from June 2021. 
The CRD IV Package also introduced a new leverage ratio with the aim of restricting the level of leverage that an 
institution can take on to ensure that its assets are in line with its capital. The Leverage Ratio Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2015/62 was adopted on 10 October 2014 and was published in the Official Journal of the European Union 
in January 2015, amending the calculation of the Leverage Ratio compared to the current text of the CRD IV 
Regulation. The CRR II and the CRD V introduced a binding leverage ratio requirement of 3%.  
For more information about the regulatory framework applicable to the Issuer and to the companies belonging to 
the MCC Group see the Regulatory Section of this Base Prospectus. 
Risks associated with NPL management 
On 20 March 2017, the ECB published its final guidance on NPLs. It outlines measures, processes and best 
practices which banks should incorporate when tackling NPLs. The ECB expects banks to fully adhere to the 
guidance in line with the severity and scale of NPLs in their portfolios. On 15 March 2018, the ECB published an 
addendum to the guidance mentioned above, which sets out the ECB’s supervisory expectations for prudent levels 
of provisions for new NPLs. On 30 January 2018, the Bank of Italy issued guidance on NPLs applicable to less 
significant Italian institutions, which were subsequently repealed in 2022 and replaced by the Guidelines on 
management of non-performing and forborne exposures of the European Banking Authority. 
The ECB guidance calls on banks to implement realistic and ambitious strategies to work towards a holistic 
approach regarding the problem of NPLs. This includes areas such as governance and risk management. For 
instance, banks should ensure that managers are incentivised to carry out NPL reduction strategies. This should 
also be closely managed by their management bodies. The ECB does not stipulate quantitative targets to reduce 
NPLs. Instead, it asks banks to devise a strategy that could include a range of policy options, such as NPL work-
out, servicing, and portfolio sales. In addition, the European Commission published in December 2020 a new 
action plan on tackling NPLs, and on 18 October 2022 a Communication on the guidelines for a best-execution 
process for sales of non-performing loans on secondary markets. The main objectives of such communication are 
to (i) encourage good sell and buy-side processes for NPL transactions in EU secondary markets and, in particular, 
(ii) to help sellers and buyers that may have less experience with secondary market transactions throughout the 
sale process. 
On 8 December 2021, the European Commission finalised and published, in the Official Journal of the European 
Union, Directive no. 2021/2167 on credit services and credit purchasers (the NPLs Directive). The NPLs 
Directive is aimed at achieving (i) a better management of NPLs by increasing the efficiency of debt recovery 
procedures through the availability of a distinct common accelerated extrajudicial collateral enforcement 
procedure; (ii) the development of secondary markets for NPLs in the EU’s markets by harmonising the regulatory 
regime for credit servicers and credit purchasers. The NPLs Directive entered into force on the twentieth day 
following that of its publication in the Official Journal (i.e., 28 December 2021) and is expected to be implemented

--- Page 32 ---
10287112522-v13 
30 
47-41075186 
 
by Member States by 29 December 2023. At the date of this Base Prospectus, Italy has not yet implemented this 
Directive. 
The above recently introduced guidelines and regulations, as well as other new laws and regulations that may be 
adopted in the future, could restrict or limit the type or volume of transactions in which the MCC Group may 
participate and/or adversely affect the Issuer’s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
For more information about the regulatory framework applicable to the Issuer and to the companies belonging to 
the MCC Group see the Regulatory Section of this Base Prospectus.  
Risks relating to non-compliance with laws and regulations  
The Issuer, to the extent that it exercises the banking activity, is subject to regulation and specific supervision of, 
inter alia, the Bank of Italy and the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa (CONSOB); furthermore, 
the Issuer is also subject to regulation and specific supervision of other national authorities, competent for specific 
regulations, such as Garante per la Protezione dei Dati Personali, Autorità Garante per la Concorrenza ed il 
Mercato (AGCM), Istituto per la Vigilanza sulle Assicurazioni (IVASS). The Issuer, is also subject to inspections 
promoted by the contracting authority (as of today, Ministry of Enterprises and Made in Italy), due to the fact that 
the Issuer manages the Guarantee Fund and other public subsidy schemes. 
In the exercise of their supervisory powers, the Bank of Italy, CONSOB and the other supervisory authorities may 
request organisational controls aimed at remedying any possible deficiencies found that may have a negative 
impact on the economic, capital and/or financial condition of the Issuer and the MCC Group. The extent any 
potential deficiencies are detected, sanctions proceedings against the Issuer and/or representatives of the Issuer 
may be undertaken, with possible negative impacts on its economic, capital, and/or financial conditions. In the 
most serious cases, the supervisory authority may suspend or revoke the Issuer’s authorisations, licences or 
concessions, or prohibit it from conducting its business or from advertising its services. Furthermore, sanctioning 
proceedings may have significant reputational impacts on the Issuer and the MCC Group. Any of the above 
scenarios could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business activities and financial performance. 
Pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree No. 231 of 8 June 2001 (the "231 Decree"), if a misconduct which falls 
within the scope of the 231 Decree occurred and the Issuer were found liable, the Issuer could be ordered to pay 
a fine and, in the most serious cases, it may have its authorisations, licences or concessions suspended or revoked, 
or be prohibited from conducting its business, from contracting with governmental entities or from advertising its 
services. The Issuer has in place an organisational, operational and control model (the "OO Model"), nonetheless, 
there can be no assurance that the model would be deemed to be adequate by any authority called to consider 
conduct which falls within the scope of such legislation. Furthermore, possible convictions of the Issuer or other 
MCC Group’s entities pursuant to the 231 Decree may have significant reputational impacts on the Issuer itself 
and the MCC Group, with a consequential negative impact on the business and the economic, capital and/or 
financial condition of the Issuer and the MCC Group. 
Risks associated with ordinary and extraordinary contribution obligations to funds established under the bank 
resolution framework  
As a result of the crisis that has affected various financial institutions since 2008, systems aimed at stemming the 
risk of banking crises have been introduced at both the European and national levels, the implementation of which 
entails disbursements by credit institutions (in favour of the banking system as a whole). 
The ordinary contribution obligations may have a negative impact on the MCC Group’s capital resources if the 
level of ordinary contributions required from the MCC Group increase in the future, particularly any increase of 
protected deposits levels and/or the risk associated with MCC Group’s subsidiaries (i.e., MCC, BDM and CRO) 
compared with the total number of banks committed to paying such contributions. In addition, it cannot be 
excluded that, due to unforeseeable circumstances, the Single Resolution Fund (SRF) and/or the “Fondo 
Interbancario di Tutela dei Depositi” – Interbank Deposit Protection Fund” (FITD) will not request new 
extraordinary contributions in the future. Any such increase would have a significant impact on the capital and 
financial position of the Issuer and the MCC Group and would likely reduce the MCC Group’s profitability. 
MATERIAL RISKS THAT ARE SPECIFIC TO THE NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
AND WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET RISKS 
ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
• 
Risks related to Notes generally;

--- Page 33 ---
10287112522-v13 
31 
47-41075186 
 
• 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes; 
• 
Risks related to the market generally. 
Risks related to the Notes generally 
Potential Conflicts of Interest 
Any Paying Agent and Calculation Agent appointed under the Programme is the agent of the Issuer and not the 
agent of the Noteholders. Potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Paying Agent and Calculation Agent 
and Noteholders, including with respect to certain determinations and judgments that the Calculation Agent may 
make pursuant to the Conditions that may influence amounts receivable by the Noteholders during the term of the 
Notes and upon their redemption.  
Furthermore, the Issuer may act as Paying Agent and Calculation Agent in respect of an issuance of Notes under 
the Programme and a conflict of interest may arise being the Issuer engaged in its other banking activities from 
time to time and in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which may affect amounts receivable by 
Noteholders during the term and on the maturity of the Notes or the market price, liquidity or value of the Notes 
and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Meetings of Noteholders  
Provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders are contained in the Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders and 
summarised in Condition 17(a) (Meetings of Noteholders). Noteholders' meetings may be called to consider 
matters affecting Noteholders' interests generally, including modifications to the terms and conditions relating to 
the Notes. These provisions permit defined majorities at those meetings to bind all Noteholders, including those 
who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or who voted against the relevant proposal. Modifications to 
the Notes that may be approved by a Noteholders' meeting include, without limitation, lowering the ranking of 
the Notes, reducing the amount of principal and interest payable on the Notes, changing the time and manner of 
payment, changing provisions relating to redemption, limiting remedies on the Notes and changing the amendment 
provisions. Any such modification may have an adverse impact on Noteholders' rights and on the market value of 
the Notes. 
Tax changes may affect the tax treatment of the Notes  
Law No. 111 of 9 August 2023, published in the Official Gazette No. 189 of 14 August 2023 ("Law 111"), 
delegates power to the Italian government to enact, within twenty-four months from its publication, one or more 
legislative decrees implementing the reform of the Italian tax system (the "Tax Reform"). 
According to Law 111, the Tax Reform will significantly change the taxation of financial incomes and capital 
gains and introduce various amendments in the Italian tax system at different levels. The precise nature, extent, 
and impact of these amendments cannot be quantified or foreseen with certainty at this stage. The information 
provided in this Base Prospectus may not reflect the future tax landscape accurately. 
Investors should be aware that the amendments that may be introduced to the tax regime of financial incomes and 
capital gains could increase the taxation on interest, similar income and/or capital gains accrued or realised under 
the Notes and could result in a lower return of their investment. Prospective investors should consult their own 
tax advisors regarding the tax consequences described above.  
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
The Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive may affect Notes 
As described under "Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive" above, the Regulatory Authorities have, pursuant 
to the BRRD framework, the power to apply "resolution" tools if the Issuer is failing or likely to fail, as an 
alternative to liquidazione coatta amministrativa (compulsory liquidation proceedings). Specifically, these tools 
are: (1) the sale of business assets or shares of the Issuer; (2) the establishment of a bridging organization; (3) the 
separation of the unimpaired assets of the Issuer from those which are deteriorated or impaired; and (4) a bail-in, 
through write-down/conversion into equity of regulatory capital instruments (including the Subordinated Notes) 
as well as other liabilities of the Issuer (including the Senior Notes) if the relevant conditions are satisfied and in 
accordance with the creditors' hierarchy provided under the relevant provisions of Italian law. 
Furthermore, Article 33(a) of BRRD II introduces a new pre-resolution moratorium tool as a temporary measure 
in an early stage and new suspension powers, which the resolution authority can use within the resolution period.

--- Page 34 ---
10287112522-v13 
32 
47-41075186 
 
Any suspension of activities can, as stated above, result in the partial or complete suspension of the performance 
of agreements (including any payment or delivery obligation) entered into by the respective credit institution. The 
exercise of any such power or any suggestion of such exercise could materially adversely affect the rights of the 
holders of securities issued by the Issuer, the price or value of their investment in any such security and/or the 
ability of the credit institution to satisfy its obligations under any such security. 
In particular, by its acquisition of a Note (whether on issuance or in the secondary market), each holder of the 
Notes acknowledges, accepts, agrees to be bound by and consents to the exercise of any Bail-in Power by a 
Regulatory Authority that may result in the cancellation of all, or a portion, of the principal amount of, or interest 
on, the Notes and/or the conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal amount of, or interest on, the Notes into 
equity or other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, including by means of a variation to 
the terms of the Notes, in each case to give effect to the exercise by a Regulatory Authority of such Bail-in Power. 
Each holder of the Notes acknowledges, accepts and agrees that its rights as a holder of the Notes are subject to, 
and will be varied, if necessary, so as to give effect to, the exercise of any such power by any Regulatory Authority. 
The exercise of any power under the BRRD or any suggestion of such exercise taking place could, therefore, have 
a material adverse effect on the rights of Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in any Notes and/or 
the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under any Notes. 
For a description of the loss absorption requirement, see Condition 4 (Status of Senior Notes), Condition 5 (Status 
of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and Condition 6 (Status of Subordinated Notes). 
Jurisdiction of proceedings related to the Notes 
Pursuant to Condition 22(d) (Rights of the Noteholders to take proceedings outside Italy) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, Noteholders may only take proceedings relating to any dispute arising out of, or in 
connection with, the Notes in a Permitted Jurisdiction as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.]  
Waiver of set-off 
In each of Condition 4 (Status of Senior Notes), Condition 5 (Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and Condition 
6 (Status of Subordinated Notes), each holder of a Senior Note, Senior Non-Preferred Note or a Subordinated 
Note, as the case may be, will, unconditionally and irrevocably, waive any right of set-off, netting, counterclaim, 
abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have under the laws of any jurisdiction in respect of 
such Senior Note, Senior Non-Preferred Note or Subordinated Note, as applicable. As a result, Noteholders may 
not be able to set-off any payment due by the Issuer.  
Notes have limited Events of Default and remedies 
The Events of Default in respect of Notes, being events upon which the holders of the Notes may declare the 
Notes to be immediately due and repayable, are limited to circumstances in which the Issuer becomes subject to 
winding-up or an analogous event as set out in Condition 14 (Events of Default). Accordingly, other than following 
the occurrence of an Event of Default, even if the Issuer fails to meet any of its obligations under the Notes, 
including the payment of any interest, or in case of the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Regulatory Authority, 
the holders of the Notes will not have the right of acceleration of principal and the sole remedy available to 
Noteholders for recovery of amounts owing in respect of any of the Notes will be the institution of proceedings 
to enforce such payment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer will not, by virtue of the institution of any 
such proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable 
by it. Furthermore, investors should consider that the terms and conditions of the Notes do not provide for negative 
pledge provisions. 
In the case of Notes which are issued as Social Bonds, please also see risk factor "Notes issued, if any, as "Social 
Bonds" may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to "social assets" below. 
Notes issued, if any, as "Social Bonds" may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to 
social assets 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms (or the Drawdown Prospectus as the case may be), the Issuer may issue 
Notes under the Programme described as "social bonds" ("Social Bonds") in accordance with the principles set 
out by the International Capital Market Association ("ICMA") (the Social Bond Principles ("SBP")). 
In such a case, prospective investors should have regard to the information set out at "Reasons for the Offer, 
estimated net proceeds and total expenses" in the applicable Final Term (or the Drawdown Prospectus as the case 
may be) and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment

--- Page 35 ---
10287112522-v13 
33 
47-41075186 
 
in the Notes together with any other investigation such investors deem necessary, and must assess the suitability 
of that investment in light of their own circumstances. In particular, no assurance is given by the Issuer or the 
Dealers that the use of such proceeds for the funding of any social project will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, 
any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with 
which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or 
regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates. Furthermore, it 
should be noted that there is currently no clearly established definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor 
market consensus as to what constitutes, a "social" project or as to what precise attributes are required for a 
particular project to be defined as "social" or such other equivalent label. 
No assurance is or can be given to investors that any social project towards which proceeds of the Notes are to be 
applied will meet the investor expectations regarding such "social" performance objectives or that any adverse 
social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any social project. Further, no assurance 
can be given that Notes issued as Social Bonds will meet investor expectations or requirements regarding such 
"social" or similar labels and any implementing legislation and guidelines, or any similar legislation or any 
requirements of such labels as they may evolve from time to time.  
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds of Social Bonds in, or 
substantially in, the manner described in the applicable Final Terms, there can be no assurance that the social 
projects (either resulting from the original application of the proceeds of the Notes or a subsequent reallocation 
of such proceeds) will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance 
with any timing schedule and that accordingly the proceeds of the relevant Social Bonds will be totally or partially 
disbursed for such projects. Nor can there be any assurance that social projects will be completed within any 
specified period or at all or with the results or outcome as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer, or that 
the originally designated social project (or any project(s) resulting from any subsequent reallocation of some or 
all of the proceeds of the relevant Social Bonds) will not be disqualified as such. 
The Issuer's Social Bond Framework may be subject to review and change and may be amended, updated, 
supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn from time to time and any subsequent version(s) may differ from any 
description given in this Base Prospectus. The Issuer's Social Bond Framework does not form part of, nor is 
incorporated by reference, in this Base Prospectus. 
No assurance of suitability or reliability of any Second Party Opinion or any other opinion or certification of 
any third party relating to any Social Bonds 
Furthermore, it should be noted that in connection with the issue of Social Bonds, the Issuer may request a 
sustainability rating agency or sustainability consulting firm to issue a second-party opinion confirming that the 
relevant social project have been defined in accordance with the broad categorisation of eligibility for social 
projects set out in the SBP and/or a second-party opinion regarding the suitability of the Notes as an investment 
in connection with certain social projects (any such second-party opinion, including the Second Party Opinion 
referred to in the section "Use of Proceeds", a "Second-party Opinion"). A Second-party Opinion may not reflect 
the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional risk factors discussed above and other 
factors that may affect the value of the Notes or the projects financed or refinanced toward an amount 
corresponding the net proceeds of the relevant issue of Social Bonds. A Second-party Opinion would not constitute 
a recommendation to buy, sell or hold the relevant Social Bonds and would only be current as of the date it is 
released. Any withdrawal of the Second-party Opinion or any other opinion or certification may have a material 
adverse effect on the value of such Social Bonds in respect of which opinion or certification is given and/or may 
have adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in social assets to be used for a 
particular purpose. 
No breach of contract or Event of Default 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds of Social Bonds in, or 
substantially in, the manner described in the applicable Final Terms, there can be no assurance that the social 
projects will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance with any 
timing schedule and that accordingly the amount of the proceeds of the relevant Social Bonds will be totally or 
partially disbursed for such projects. Nor can there be any assurance that such social projects will be completed 
within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome as originally expected or anticipated by the 
Issuer. Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not (i) constitute an Event of Default under the Notes or result 
in an acceleration of the Notes; (ii) lead to an obligation of the Issuer to redeem such Notes or be a relevant factor 
for the Issuer in determining whether or not to exercise any optional redemption rights in respect of any Notes; 
(iii) affect the qualification of such Notes as strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello, Tier II Capital

--- Page 36 ---
10287112522-v13 
34 
47-41075186 
 
or as Eligible Liabilities instruments (as applicable); (v) have any impact on the status of the Notes as indicated 
in Condition 4 (Status of Senior Notes), Condition 5 (Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) or Condition 6 (Status 
of Subordinated Notes) (as the case may be) or (vi) prevent the applicability of the Bail-in Power. 
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the proceeds of any Social Bonds nor any amount equal to such proceeds will 
be segregated by the Issuer from its capital and other assets and payments of principal and interest (as the case 
may be) on the relevant Social Bonds shall not depend on the performance of the relevant project nor have any 
preferred right against such assets. 
Regardless of their "social" or other equivalent label, Social Bonds, as any other Notes, will be fully subject to the 
application of CRR eligibility criteria and BRRD requirements for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities instruments 
(including the application of mandatory write-down or conversion to equity in the event a resolution procedure is 
initiated in respect of the Issuer and, with respect to Notes qualifying as Tier II Capital, even before the 
commencement of any such procedure if certain conditions are met), the Notes (or the proceeds thereof) will be 
available to absorb all losses (whether or not related to any "social" assets towards which proceeds of the relevant 
Notes may have been applied or, if relevant, reallocated) in accordance with their terms (if applicable) or the 
Applicable Banking Regulations and, as such, proceeds from Social Bonds qualifying as Own Funds or Eligible 
Liabilities should cover all losses in the statement of financial position of the Issuer. The fact that such Notes are 
designated as Social Bonds does not provide their holders with any priority compared to other Notes and such 
Notes will be subject to the same risks relating to their level of subordination. 
Social Bonds, as any other bonds, will be fully subject to the application of CRR eligibility criteria and BRRD 
requirements for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities instruments and, as such, proceeds from Social Bonds 
qualifying as Own Funds or Eligible Liabilities should cover all losses in the statement of financial position of the 
Issuer regardless of their "social" or such other equivalent label. 
Risk related to Notes issued in dematerialised form 
Notes issued under the Programme will be issued in dematerialised form and evidenced at any time through book 
entries pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Financial Services Act and in accordance with the CONSOB and 
Bank of Italy Joined Regulation (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes). In no circumstance would 
physical documents of title be issued in respect of the Notes issued in dematerialised form. While the Notes are 
represented by book entries, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Monte Titoli and 
the authorised financial intermediaries holding accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli. As the 
Notes are held in dematerialised form with Monte Titoli, investors will have to rely on the procedures of Monte 
Titoli and the financial intermediaries authorised to hold accounts therewith, for transfer, payment and 
communication with the Issuer. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the Issuer 
may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price 
at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. The Issuer may be expected 
to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor 
generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in comparable securities offering a yield as high 
as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. 
Redemption for tax or regulatory reasons 
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due to any 
withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of Italy or any political 
subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding 
Notes in accordance with the Conditions. In addition, if in the case of a particular Series of Subordinated Notes, 
the relevant Final Terms so specify, the Issuer may, at its option, redeem those Notes for regulatory reasons, as 
described in further detail in "- Regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes" below. In such circumstances 
an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in comparable securities offering a yield as high 
as that of the relevant Notes. 
Certain benchmark rates, including EURIBOR, may be discontinued or reformed in the future. 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" are the 
subject of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these

--- Page 37 ---
10287112522-v13 
35 
47-41075186 
 
reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks 
to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be 
predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to such a "benchmark". 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") applies, subject to certain transitional 
provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark, within the EU. The Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation") applies to the provision of benchmarks, 
the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the UK. The EU Benchmark 
Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could also have a material impact on any listed 
Notes linked to an index based on a Benchmark, including in any of the following circumstances: (i) an index 
which is a Benchmark may not be used as such if its administrator does not obtain appropriate EU/UK 
authorisations or is based in a non-EU/UK jurisdiction, as applicable, which (subject to any applicable transitional 
provisions) does not have equivalent regulation. In such event, depending on the particular Benchmark and the 
applicable terms of the Notes, the Notes could be adjusted or otherwise impacted; (ii) if the methodology or other 
terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation or the 
UK Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could (amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or 
increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, of the benchmark. More 
broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting 
of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect of 
discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain "benchmarks," trigger 
changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the discontinuance or unavailability 
of quotes of certain "benchmarks". 
Workstreams are also underway in Europe to provide a fallback by reference to a euro risk-free rate (based on a 
euro overnight risk-free rate as adjusted by a methodology to create a term rate). On 11 May 2021 the euro risk-
free rate working group published its recommendation on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
The recommended fallback rates are based on the new Euro short-term rate (€STR). 
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, EURIBOR will continue to be supported 
going forwards. This may cause EURIBOR to perform differently than it has done in the past and may have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on 
certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a 
benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the 
disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of 
international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the 
value of and return on any Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a 
benchmark. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide that, if the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event (as defined 
in the Conditions) has occurred (including, but not limited to, a Reference Rate (as defined in the Conditions) 
ceasing to be provided or upon a material change of a Reference Rate if applicable), such an event may be deemed 
to have occurred prior to the issue date of a Series of Notes and the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to 
determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate (as further described in Condition 9(j) (Benchmark 
replacement) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) and, if applicable, an Adjustment Spread. Please refer to 
Condition 2 (Interpretation) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes for the full definition of a Benchmark 
Event. Provided that if the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark 
Rate, the fallbacks described in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes shall apply. In certain circumstances, 
including but not limited to where the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine an Alternative Benchmark Rate 
and Alternative Relevant Screen Page, where (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms) amendments to the terms 
of the Notes in accordance with Condition 9(j) (Benchmark replacement) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes would cause the occurrence of a Regulatory Event or a MREL Disqualification Event (as applicable) or (in 
the case of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes only) would result in the Regulatory Authority 
treating an Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity date of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity 
Date, the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in 
the rate of interest of the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in effective application of a 
fixed rate of interest for Notes initially designated to be Floating Rate Notes. In addition, due to the uncertainty 
concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Reference Rates, the relevant fallback provisions 
may not operate as intended at the relevant time.

--- Page 38 ---
10287112522-v13 
36 
47-41075186 
 
The use of a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate may result in interest payments that are 
substantially lower than or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the payments that could have been made 
on the Notes if the relevant benchmark remained available in its current form. In addition, while any Adjustment 
Spread may be expected to be designed to eliminate or minimise any potential transfer of value between 
counterparties, the application of the Adjustment Spread to the Notes may not do so and may result in the Notes 
performing differently (which may include payment of a lower interest rate) than they would do if the Reference 
Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. 
Fixed Rate Notes 
A holder of Fixed Rate Notes is exposed to the risk that the price of those Notes falls as a result of changes in the 
current interest rate on the capital markets (the "Market Interest Rate"). While the nominal interest rate of Fixed 
Rate Notes is fixed during the life of such Notes or during a certain period of time, the Market Interest Rate 
typically changes on a daily basis. As the Market Interest Rate changes, the price of such Notes moves in the 
opposite direction. If the Market Interest Rate increases, the price of such Notes typically falls, until the yield of 
such Notes is approximately equal to the Market Interest Rate. Conversely, if the Market Interest Rate falls, the 
price of Fixed Rate Notes typically increases, until its yield is approximately equal to the Market Interest Rate.  
Floating Rate Notes 
Notes with variable interest are subject to fluctuations in interest rate levels and can be volatile investments. In 
particular, there is no assurance that the amount of interest payable on such Notes will remain at any particular 
level (unless it is subject to a floor). Furthermore, if they are structured to include caps or floors, or a combination 
of both or other similar related features, their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities 
that do not include those features. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a Benchmark 
Event occurs, including if a published benchmark, such as EURIBOR, and any page on which such benchmark 
may be published (or any successor service) becomes unavailable, or if the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, any 
Paying Agent or any other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) are no longer permitted lawfully to calculate interest on any Notes by reference to such benchmark 
under the Benchmarks Regulation or otherwise. Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate 
of interest could be set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate, with or without an adjustment spread 
and may include amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to ensure the proper operation of the 
successor or replacement benchmark. An adjustment spread, if applied could be positive or negative and would 
be applied with a view to reducing or eliminating, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, 
any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of a benchmark. 
However, it may not be possible to determine or apply an adjustment spread and even if an adjustment is applied, 
such adjustment spread may not be effective to reduce or eliminate economic prejudice to investors. If no 
adjustment spread can be determined, a successor rate or alternative rate may nonetheless be used to determine 
the rate of interest. The use of a successor rate or alternative rate (including with the application of an adjustment 
spread) will still result in any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark performing differently (which may 
include payment of a lower rate of interest) than they would if the benchmark were to continue to apply in its 
current form. 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the Issuer is unable to determine a successor rate or an 
alternative rate, or, if specified in the relevant Final Terms, if this provision would cause the occurrence of a 
Regulatory Event, the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of the rate of interest for a particular Interest 
Period may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the 
effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the 
Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and 
alternative rates, there is a risk that the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant 
time. Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant 
reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or could 
have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to the relevant 
Floating Rate Notes.

--- Page 39 ---
10287112522-v13 
37 
47-41075186 
 
CMS linked interest Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes with interest determined by reference to a constant maturity swap rate (defined as the 
"CMS Rate" in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"). Potential investors should be aware that: 
(i) 
the market price of such Notes may be volatile; 
(ii) 
they may receive no interest; 
(iii) 
the CMS Rate may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest 
rates, currencies or other indices; 
(iv) 
if they are structured to include caps or floors, or a combination of both or other similar related features, 
the effect of changes in the CMS Rate on interest payable is likely to be magnified; and 
(v) 
the timing of changes in the CMS Rate may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average level 
is consistent with their expectations. 
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes or Floating to Fixed Rate Notes 
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate which, either at the Issuer's election or otherwise, is 
converted from a fixed rate to a floating rate or, in the case of Floating to Fixed Rate Notes, from a floating rate 
to a fixed rate. The switching of the interest rate is likely to affect the market value of those Notes, since it may 
result in a lower rate, especially where switching occurs at the Issuer's option. If switching from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate occurs, the spread on the Fixed to Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing 
spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at 
any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If switching from a floating rate to a fixed rate occurs, the 
fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates of the Issuer's other Fixed Rate Notes. 
Fixed Rate Notes with resetting provisions 
Fixed Rate Notes may contain provisions for the resetting of their interest rate. Such Notes will initially bear 
interest at a particular rate of interest until (but excluding) a Reset Date. On that date and each subsequent Reset 
Date (if any), the interest rate will be reset to the sum of the applicable Mid-Swap Rate and the relevant Margin 
as determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date. The applicable rate of interest 
following any such resetting of interest could be less than the previous rate of interest and could affect the market 
value of an investment in those Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared 
to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Risk Relating to Senior Notes 
Senior Notes could be subject to redemption following a MREL Disqualification Event 
The Senior Notes are intended to be Eligible Liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements. If Senior Note 
are not eligible for the purposes of the MREL Requirements (or if they initially are compliant with the MREL 
Requirements and subsequently become ineligible due to a change in the relevant final regulations implementing 
the MREL Requirements), then a MREL Disqualification Event will occur. 
If so specified in the Final Terms, if at any time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing in 
relation to any Series of Senior Notes, the Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, the Notes of such Series at 
the at the price set out in the applicable Final Terms together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption. Senior Notes may only be redeemed by the Issuer subject to compliance by the 
Issuer with any conditions or restrictions to such redemption or repurchase prescribed by the applicable laws and 
regulations at the relevant time. See "Early redemption and purchase of the Senior Notes may be restricted", 
below. 
A MREL Disqualification Event shall be deemed to have occurred if, by reason of the introduction of, or a change 
in, the MREL Requirements, which was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer at the Issue Date of the Senior 
Notes, all or part of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of such Series of Senior Notes are or will be 
excluded fully or partially from the liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements.

--- Page 40 ---
10287112522-v13 
38 
47-41075186 
 
If the Senior Notes are to be so redeemed, there can be no assurance that Noteholders will be able to reinvest the 
amounts received upon redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return as their investment in the 
Senior Notes. In addition, the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event could result in a decrease in the 
market price of the Notes. 
Early redemption and purchase of the Senior Notes may be restricted 
Any early redemption or purchase of Senior Notes is subject to compliance by the Issuer with any conditions or 
restrictions to such redemption or repurchase prescribed by the applicable laws and regulations at the relevant 
time, including any requirements applicable to such redemption or repurchase due to the qualification of such 
Senior Notes at such time as liabilities eligible to meet the MREL Requirements. 
In addition, pursuant to the EU Banking Reform, as further implemented by the Commission Delegated 
Regulation no. (EU) 241/2014, as subsequently amended, (the "Delegated Regulation") the early redemption or 
purchase of Senior Notes is subject to the prior approval of the Regulatory Authority. 
The EU Banking Reform states that the Regulatory Authority would approve an early redemption or purchase of 
the Senior Notes subject to and in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR in the event either of the following 
conditions is met: 
(i) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer replaces the Senior 
Notes with Own Funds Instruments or Eligible Liabilities Instruments of equal or higher quality at terms 
that are sustainable for its income capacity; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Regulatory Authority that its Own Funds and 
Eligible Liabilities would, following such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, exceed the 
requirements for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations 
by a margin that the Regulatory Authority considers necessary; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Regulatory Authority that the partial or full 
replacement of the Eligible Liabilities with Own Funds Instruments is necessary to ensure compliance 
with the Own Funds requirements laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations for continuing 
authorisation, 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be provided from time to time under the 
Applicable Banking Regulations. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Regulatory Authority to grant its permission in accordance with 
Article 78a of the CRR shall not constitute a default of the Issuer for any purposes. 
Senior Notes may be subject to modification without Noteholder consent 
If (i) at any time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs or, if Variation for an Alignment Event is indicated as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, an Alignment Event and is continuing in relation to any Senior Notes 
and/or (ii) in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23 (Contractual Recognition of 
Bail-in Power) with respect to Senior Notes, then the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice required to be given 
to, and receiving consent from the Regulatory Authority (without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
the holders of the Senior Notes of that Series), at any time vary the terms of such Senior Notes, so that they remain 
or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Senior Notes (as defined below), provided that such variation does not 
itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the varied securities. 
Qualifying Senior Notes are securities issued by the Issuer that have terms not materially less favourable to the 
Noteholders, as reasonably determined by the Issuer, than the terms of the relevant Senior Notes. However, no 
assurance can be given as to whether any of these changes will negatively affect any particular Noteholder. 
However, in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23 (Contractual Recognition of Bail-in 
Power) with respect to Senior Notes, the Qualifying Senior Notes may have terms materially less favourable to a 
holder of the Senior Notes. Additionally, there may be material tax consequences for holders of Senior Notes as 
a result of such modification, and holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding such potential 
consequences.

--- Page 41 ---
10287112522-v13 
39 
47-41075186 
 
Risks Relating to Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
Italian law applicable to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes was recently enacted 
On 1 January 2018, the 2018 Budget Law came into force introducing certain amendments to the Legislative 
Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (the "Consolidated Banking Law"), including the possibility for banks and 
companies belonging to banking groups to issue senior non-preferred securities (the so-called "strumenti di debito 
chirografario di secondo livello"). 
In particular, the 2018 Budget Law set forth certain requirements for notes to qualify as senior non-preferred 
securities: 
(i) 
the original maturity period is at least equal to twelve months; 
(ii) 
are not derivative securities or linked to derivative securities, nor include any feature of such derivative 
securities; 
(iii) 
the minimum denomination is at least €150,000 (or such other denomination provided by applicable law 
from time to time); and 
(iv) 
the prospectus and the agreements regulating the issuance of senior non-preferred securities expressly 
provide that payment of interests and reimbursement of principal due in respect thereof are subject to the 
provisions set forth in of Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Law. 
According to Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Law, in case an issuer of senior 
non-preferred securities is subject to compulsory liquidation (liquidazione coatta amministrativa), the relevant 
payment obligations in respect thereof will rank in right of payment (A) junior to any unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations (including depositors) which rank, or are expressed to rank by their terms and/or by 
provision of law, senior to the senior non-preferred securities, including claims arising from the excluded 
liabilities within the meaning of Article 72a(2) of the CRR, (B) at least pari passu with all other present and future 
unsubordinated and non-preferred obligations which do not rank or are not expressed by their terms to rank junior 
or senior to such senior non-preferred securities and (C) in priority to any subordinated instruments and to any 
present or future claims ranking junior to such senior non-preferred securities and the claims of the shareholders. 
Furthermore, Article 12-bis of the Consolidated Banking Law also provides that: 
(i) 
the provisions set forth in Article 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Law shall 
apply to such senior non-preferred securities only to the extent that the requirements described in 
paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iv) above have been complied with; any contractual provision which does not 
comply with any of the above requirements is invalid but such invalidity does not imply the invalidity of 
the entire agreement; 
(ii) 
the senior non-preferred securities, once issued, may not be amended in a manner that the requirements 
described in paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iv) above are not complied with and that any different contractual 
provision is null and void; and 
(iii) 
the Bank of Italy may enact further regulation providing for additional requirements in respect of the 
issuance and the characteristics of senior non-preferred securities. 
Any prospective investor in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes should be aware that the provisions of Articles 12-
bis and 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Law was recently enacted and that, as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, no interpretation of the application of such provisions has been issued by any Italian 
court or governmental or regulatory authority and no regulation has been issued by the Bank of Italy in respect 
thereof. Consequently, it is possible that any regulation or official interpretation relating to the above will be 
issued in the future by the Bank of Italy or any different authority, the impact of which cannot be predicted by the 
Issuer as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes are senior non-preferred obligations and are junior to certain obligations 
In order to be eligible to meet the requirements and conditions of Articles 12-bis and 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis 
of the Consolidated Banking Law and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such 
purposes by any Regulatory Authority and also qualify as Eligible Liabilities available to meet the MREL 
Requirements (as defined in the Conditions), Senior Non-Preferred Notes will rank junior to Senior Notes and 
any other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank by their 
terms, senior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. As a result, the default risk on the Senior Non-Preferred Notes

--- Page 42 ---
10287112522-v13 
40 
47-41075186 
 
will be higher than the risk associated with preferred senior debt (such as Senior Notes) and other senior liabilities 
(such as wholesale deposits). 
Although Senior Non-Preferred Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Senior Notes which are 
not issued on a senior non-preferred basis, there is a greater risk that an investor in Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
will lose all or some of its investment should the Issuer become insolvent. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes could be subject to a MREL Disqualification Event redemption  
The intention of the Issuer is for Senior Non-Preferred Notes to qualify on issue as "strumenti di debito 
chirografario di secondo livello" as defined under, and for the purposes of, Articles 12-bis and 91, section 1-bis, 
letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Law and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for 
such purposes by any Regulatory Authority and also qualify as eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL 
Requirements (as defined in the Conditions). Current regulatory practice by the Bank of Italy (acting as lead 
regulator) does not require (or customarily provide) a confirmation prior to the issuance of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes that the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will comply with such provisions. 
Although it is the Issuer's expectation that the Senior Non-Preferred Notes qualify as "strumenti di debito 
chirografario di secondo livello" as defined under, and for the purposes of, Articles 12-bis and 91, section 1-bis, 
letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Law and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for 
such purposes by any Regulatory Authority and also qualify as Eligible Liabilities available to meet the MREL 
Requirements (as defined in the Conditions) there can be no representation that this is or will remain the case 
during the life of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
If so specified in the Final Terms, if at any time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing in 
relation to any Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the Issuer may redeem all, but not part, of the Notes of such 
Series at the price set out in the applicable Final Terms together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption. Senior Non-Preferred Notes may only be redeemed by the Issuer subject to the 
conditions or restrictions to such redemption or repurchase prescribed by the applicable laws and regulations at 
the relevant time. See "Early redemption and purchase of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes may be restricted", 
below. 
A MREL Disqualification Event shall be deemed to have occurred if, by reason of the introduction of, or a change 
in, the MREL Requirements, which was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer at the Issue Date of the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, all or part of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of such Series of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes are or will be excluded fully or partially from the liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL 
Requirements. 
If the Senior Non-Preferred Notes are to be so redeemed, there can be no assurance that Noteholders will be able 
to reinvest the amounts received upon redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return as their 
investment in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
Early redemption and purchase of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes may be restricted 
Any early redemption or purchase of Senior Non-Preferred Notes is subject to compliance by the Issuer with any 
conditions or restrictions to such redemption or repurchase prescribed by the Applicable Banking Regulations as 
in force at the relevant time, including any requirements applicable to such redemption or repurchase due to the 
qualification of such Senior Non-Preferred Notes at such time as liabilities eligible to meet the MREL 
Requirements. 
In addition, pursuant to the EU Banking Reform, as further implemented by the Delegated Regulation, the early 
redemption or purchase of Senior Non-Preferred Notes is subject to the prior approval of the Regulatory Authority. 
The EU Banking Reform states that the Regulatory Authority would approve an early redemption of the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes subject to and in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR in the event either of the following 
conditions is met: 
(i) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer replaces the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes with Own Funds Instruments or Eligible Liabilities Instruments of equal or higher 
quality at terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Regulatory Authority that its Own Funds and 
Eligible Liabilities would, following such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, exceed the

--- Page 43 ---
10287112522-v13 
41 
47-41075186 
 
requirements for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations 
by a margin that the Regulatory Authority considers necessary; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Regulatory Authority that the partial or full 
replacement of the Eligible Liabilities with Own Funds Instruments is necessary to ensure compliance 
with the Own Funds requirements laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations for continuing 
authorization, 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be provided from time to time under the 
Applicable Banking Regulations. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Regulatory Authority to grant its permission in accordance with 
Article 78a of the CRR shall not constitute a default of the Issuer for any purposes. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes may be subject to modification without Noteholder consent 
If (i) at any time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs or, if Variation for an Alignment Event is indicated as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, an Alignment Event and is continuing in relation to any Series of Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, and/or (ii) in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23 
(Contractual Recognition of Bail-in Powers), then the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice required to be 
given to, and receiving any consent required from, the Regulatory Authority, if so required, (without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Holders of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes of that Series), modify 
the terms of all (but not only some) of such Senior Non-Preferred Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, 
become, Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes, provided that such variation does not of itself give rise to any 
right of the Issuer to redeem the varied securities. 
Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes, as applicable, are securities issued by the Issuer have terms not materially 
less favourable to the Noteholders (as certified by the Issuer acting reasonably following consultation with an 
investment bank or financial adviser of international standing) than the terms of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
However, in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23 (Contractual Recognition of Bail-in 
Powers) the Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes may have terms materially less favourable to a holder of the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes. No assurance can be given as to whether any of these changes will negatively affect 
any particular Noteholder. In addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such varied notes could 
be different for some categories of Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty consequences for them of holding 
the notes prior to such variation. 
Risk Related to Subordinated Notes 
Ranking of Subordinated Notes 
If the Issuer is declared insolvent and a winding-up is initiated or it becomes subject to Liquidazione Coatta 
Amministrativa, as defined in the Consolidated Banking Act, it will be required to pay the holders of senior debt 
(including the holders of the Senior Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and meet its obligations to all its 
other creditors (including unsecured creditors) in full before it can make any payments on the Subordinated Notes. 
If this occurs, the Issuer may not have enough assets remaining after these payments to pay amounts due under 
the Subordinated Notes. Furthermore, repayment of principal on the Subordinated Notes, whether at the Maturity 
Date or otherwise, is subject to the approval of the Regulatory Authority in accordance with the Applicable 
Banking Regulations. 
The Issuer's obligations under Subordinated Notes will be unsecured and subordinated and will rank junior in 
priority to the claims of unsubordinated, unsecured creditors (including depositors) of the Issuer and any other 
subordinated obligations which rank or are expressed to rank senior to the Subordinated Notes. As a result, 
although Subordinated Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable notes which are not subordinated, 
there is a real risk that an investor in Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of its investment should the Issuer 
become insolvent. In addition, the market price of Subordinated Notes may be more volatile than the market prices 
of unsubordinated debt securities and may be more sensitive generally to adverse changes in the financial 
condition of the Issuer. For a full description of the provisions relating to Subordinated Notes, see Condition 6 
(Status of Subordinated Notes). 
Furthermore, the BRRD provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and applied the 
resolution tools (including the general bail-in tool) to the maximum extent practicable whilst maintaining financial 
stability, to be able to provide extraordinary public financial support through additional financial stabilisation 
tools.

--- Page 44 ---
10287112522-v13 
42 
47-41075186 
 
These consist of the public equity support and temporary public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial 
support must be provided in accordance with the burden sharing requirements of the EU state aid framework and 
the BRRD. As an exemption from these principles, the BRRD allows for three kinds of extraordinary public 
support to be provided to a solvent institution without triggering resolution: 1) a State guarantee to back liquidity 
facilities provided by central banks according to the central banks' conditions; 2) a State guarantee of newly issued 
liabilities; or 3) an injection of Own Funds in the form of precautionary recapitalisation. In the case of 
precautionary recapitalisation EU state aid rules require that shareholders and junior bond holders (such as holders 
of the Subordinated Notes) contribute to the costs of restructuring. 
As a result, Subordinated Notes may be subject to a partial or full write-down or conversion to Common Equity 
Tier 1 instruments of the Issuer or one of the Group's entities or another institution. Accordingly, trading behaviour 
may also be affected by the threat that non-viability loss absorption (or the general bail-in tool) may be applied to 
Subordinated Notes or the burden sharing requirements of the EU state aid framework and the BRRD may be 
applied and, as a result, Subordinated Notes are not necessarily expected to follow the trading behaviour associated 
with other types of securities. Noteholders should consider the risk that they may lose all of their investment, 
including the principal amount plus any accrued interest if the non-viability loss absorption (or the general bail-
in tool) is applied to the Subordinated Notes or the burden sharing requirements of the EU state aid framework 
and the BRRD are applied or that such Subordinated Notes may be converted into ordinary shares which ordinary 
shares may be of little value at the time of conversion. 
Italian Legislative Decree No. 193 of 8 November 2021 implementing Directive 879/2019/EU ("BRRD II") in 
Italy and published on 30 November 2021 in the Gazzetta Ufficiale has transposed in the Italian legislation Article 
48(7) of BRRD II under Article 91, paragraph 1-bis), letter c-ter) of the Consolidated Banking Law. Such 
provisions state that (i) if an instrument is only partly recognised as an own funds item, the whole instrument shall 
be treated in insolvency as a claim resulting from an own funds item and shall rank lower than any claim that does 
not result from an own funds item and (ii) if an instrument is fully disqualified as own funds item, it would cease 
to be treated as a claim resulting from an own funds item in insolvency and, consequently, would improve their 
ranking with respect to any claim that results from an own funds item (such as the Subordinated Notes). 
In light of this new provision, if the Subordinated Notes were to be disqualified in full as own funds items in the 
future: (a) their ranking would improve vis-à-vis the rest of the Subordinated Notes; and (b) in the event of a 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the Issuer would, inter alia, be required to pay the holders of the Notes 
and any other subordinated creditors of the Issuer, whose claims arise from liabilities that are no longer fully 
recognised as an Own Funds Instrument, in full before it can make any payments on any other Subordinated Notes 
which are still recognised (at least in part) as Own Funds Instruments. 
Regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes 
If any Subordinated Notes are issued under the Programme, the Issuer's intention is that they should qualify on 
issue as Tier II Capital, for so long as this is permitted under Bank of Italy regulations. Current regulatory practice 
by the Bank of Italy does not require (or customarily provide for) a confirmation prior to the issuance of 
Subordinated Notes that the Notes will be treated as such. There can be no assurance that any such Subordinated 
Notes will continue to qualify as Tier II Capital during the life of the Notes. If there is a change in the regulatory 
classification of the Subordinated Notes that would be likely to result in their exclusion, in whole or, to the extent 
permitted by the Applicable Banking Regulations, in part, from Tier II Capital of the Issuer, the Issuer will (if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) have the right to redeem the Notes in accordance with Condition 11(c) 
(Redemption for regulatory reasons), subject to the prior approval of the Regulatory Authority. See also "- 
Redemption for tax or regulatory reasons" above. 
If the Subordinated Notes are to be so redeemed, there can be no assurance that Noteholders will be able to reinvest 
the amounts received upon redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return as their investment in the 
Subordinated Notes. In addition, the occurrence of a change in the regulatory classification could result in a 
decrease in the market price of the Notes. See also "- Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer" above. 
Subordinated Notes may be subject to loss absorption on any application of the general bail-in-tool or at the point 
of non-viability of the Issuer  
Investors should be aware that, in addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD contemplates that Subordinated 
Notes may be subject to a write-down or conversion into common shares at the point of non-viability. The BRRD 
is intended to enable a range of actions to be taken in relation to credit institutions and investment firms considered 
to be at risk of failing. The implementation of the BRRD or the taking of any action under it could materially 
affect the value of any Subordinated Notes. Additionally, there may be material tax consequences for holders of

--- Page 45 ---
10287112522-v13 
43 
47-41075186 
 
Subordinated Notes as a result of such write-down or conversion, and holders should consult their own tax 
advisors regarding such potential consequences. 
Early redemption and repurchase of the Subordinated Notes may be restricted  
The rules under the CRR prescribe certain conditions for the granting of permission by the Regulatory Authority 
to a request by the Issuer to redeem or repurchase the Subordinated Notes. In this respect, the CRR provides that 
the Regulatory Authority shall grant permission to a redemption or repurchase of the Subordinated Notes subject 
to and in accordance with Article 78 of the CRR provided that either of the following conditions is met, as 
applicable to the Notes: 
(i) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer replaces the Notes 
with Own Funds Instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income 
capacity; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Regulatory Authority that its Own Funds would, 
following such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, exceed the capital requirements laid down in 
the Applicable Banking Regulations by a margin that the Regulatory Authority considers necessary. 
In addition, the rules under the CRR provide that the Regulatory Authority may only permit the Issuer to redeem 
the Subordinated Notes before five years after the Issue Date of the Notes if and to the extent required under 
Article 78(4) of the CRR or the related implementing regulations as amended from time to time, policies and 
guidelines: 
(i) 
the conditions listed in paragraphs (i) or (ii) above are met; and 
(ii) 
in the case of redemption pursuant to Condition 11(b) (Redemption for tax reasons) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Regulatory Authority that 
the change in the applicable tax treatment of the Notes is material and was not reasonably foreseeable as 
of the Issue Date; or 
(iii) 
in case of redemption pursuant to Condition 11(g) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, 
repayment or, repurchase or modification of Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes, the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Regulatory Authority that the change in the 
regulatory classification of the Notes was not reasonably foreseeable as of the Issue Date; or 
(iv) 
on or before the relevant call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, the Issuer replaces the Notes with 
Own Funds Instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income capacity 
and the Regulatory Authority has permitted that action on the basis of the determination that it would be 
beneficial from a prudential point of view and justified by exceptional circumstances; or 
(v) 
the Subordinated Notes are repurchased for market making purposes, 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be provided from time to time under the 
Applicable Banking Regulations. 
Subordinated Notes may be subject to modification without Noteholder consent  
If Variation for an Alignment Event is indicated as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and an Alignment Event 
occurs, in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23 (Contractual Recognition of Bail-
in Powers), then the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice required to, and receiving any consent required from, 
the Regulatory Authority, if so required, (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Holders of 
the Subordinated Notes of that Series) modify the terms of all (but not only some) of such Subordinated Notes so 
that they become or remain Qualifying Subordinated Notes, provided that such variation does not itself give rise 
to any right of the Issuer to redeem the varied securities. The Regulatory Authority has discretion as to whether 
approving or not any variation of the Subordinated Notes. Any such variation which is considered by the 
Regulatory Authority to be material shall be treated by it as the issuance of a new instrument. Hence, the 
Subordinated Notes so modified must be eligible as Tier II Capital in accordance with the prevailing Applicable 
Banking Regulations which may include a requirement (save in certain prescribed circumstances) that the 
Subordinated Notes may not be redeemed or repurchased prior to five years after the effective date of such 
variation. 
Qualifying Subordinated Notes are securities issued by the Issuer that, other than in respect of the effectiveness 
and enforceability of Condition 23 (Contractual Recognition of Bail-in Powers), have terms not materially less 
favourable to the Noteholders (as certified by the Issuer acting reasonably following consultation with an

--- Page 46 ---
10287112522-v13 
44 
47-41075186 
 
investment bank or financial adviser of international standing) than the terms of the Subordinated Notes. However, 
no assurance can be given as to whether any of these changes will negatively affect any particular Noteholder. In 
addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such varied notes could be different for some categories 
of Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty consequences for them of holding the notes prior to such variation. 
Risks related to the market generally 
The secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does develop, 
it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will 
provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is 
particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed 
for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of 
limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and 
more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market 
value of Notes. In addition, Notes issued under the Programme might not be listed on a stock exchange or regulated 
market and, in these circumstances, pricing information may be more difficult to obtain and the liquidity and 
market prices of such Notes may be adversely affected. In an illiquid market, an investor might not be able to sell 
his Notes at any time at fair market prices. The possibility to sell the Notes might additionally be restricted by 
country specific reasons. In addition, liquidity may be limited if the Issuer makes large allocations to a limited 
number of investors. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or 
currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange 
rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of 
the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or 
modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified 
Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency-
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of 
the Notes. Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal 
than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings may not reflect 
the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors 
that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating 
is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation unless 
(1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. Similarly, UK 
regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided 
by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK 
and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established 
in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. The European Securities and Markets Authority (the 
"ESMA") maintains on its website, https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation, a list of 
credit rating agencies registered and certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation.  
Transfers of Notes may be restricted 
The ability to transfer Notes may also be restricted by securities laws or regulations of certain countries or 
regulatory bodies. The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act or any state 
securities laws in the U.S. or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction. Noteholders may not offer the Notes in 
the United States to or for the account or benefit of a U.S. person except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a

--- Page 47 ---
10287112522-v13 
45 
47-41075186 
 
transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws. 
It is the obligation of each Noteholder to ensure that offers and sales of Notes comply with all applicable securities 
laws. In addition, transfers to certain persons in certain other jurisdictions may be limited by law, or may result in 
the imposition of penalties or liability. For a description of restrictions which may be applicable to transfers of the 
Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". 
Delisting of the Notes 
Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and Notes issued under the Programme may also be admitted to trading, listing 
and/or quotation by any other listing authority, stock exchange or quotation system (each, a "listing"), as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. Such Notes may subsequently be delisted despite the best efforts of the Issuer to 
maintain such listing and, although no assurance is made as to the liquidity of the Notes as a result of listing, any 
delisting of the Notes may have a material effect on a Noteholder's ability to resell the Notes on the secondary 
market.

--- Page 48 ---
10287112522-v13 
46 
47-41075186 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this Base 
Prospectus and have been filed with the CSSF shall be incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Base 
Prospectus: 
(i) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the year ended 31 December 
2022, together with the accompanying notes and independent auditors' report (the "2022 Financial 
Statements"), 
available 
at 
the 
following 
link: 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/106e04d89f6d7c43568811fb84f3e9f842; 
(ii) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the year ended 31 December 
2023, together with the accompanying notes and independent auditors' report (the "2023 Financial 
Statements"), 
available 
at 
the 
following 
link: 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/109a145a0a79774a5d83cdfe54dacdc2a4;  
(iii) 
the audited consolidated non-financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the year ended 31 December 
2023 
(the 
"2023 
Non-financial 
Statements"), 
available 
at 
the 
following 
link: 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/10ef570ae33dc84a4194eccf65626eef4b; and 
(iv) 
the press release headed "Mediocredito Centrale Group: Consolidated results as of 31 March 2024 
approved" 
(the 
"31 
March 
2024 
Press 
Release") 
available 
at 
the 
following 
link: 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/10b64478f2b8934eefb4a8aebbd333647c. 
Any statement contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall 
be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement 
contained in any document which is subsequently incorporated by reference herein by way of a supplement 
prepared in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation modifies or supersedes such earlier statement 
(whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so 
modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the registered office 
of the Issuers. A copy of the documents incorporated by reference shall also be available in electronic form on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (http://www.luxse.com/).  
The Issuers will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information 
included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, prepare a supplement 
to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes. 
Cross Reference List 
The tables below set out the relevant page references for the (i) 2022 Financial Statements; (ii) 2023 Financial 
Statements; (iii) 2023 Non-financial Statements and (iv) 31 March 2024 Press Release.  
Document 
Information Incorporated  
Page numbers 
2022 Financial Statements 
Main circumstances and events characterising the consolidated 
operations 
17 - 28 
 
The companies of the Group 
29 - 34 
 
Results for the year  
35 - 50 
 
Reconciliation of shareholders’ equity and net income of the Parent 
Company and consolidated shareholders’ equity and net income 
attributable to the Group 
51 
 
The business 
52 - 57 
 
The operating structure 
58 - 60 
 
Corporate Governance 
61 - 67 
 
Other information 
68 
 
Significant subsequent events 
69 
 
Consolidated balance sheet 
72 - 73 
 
Consolidated income statement 
74 
 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
75

--- Page 49 ---
10287112522-v13 
47 
47-41075186 
 
 
Consolidated statement of changes in shareholders' equity 
76 
 
Consolidated statement of cash flows (indirect method) 
78 
 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
81 - 362 
 
Independent Auditor’s Report on the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
369 - 378 
 
 
 
2023 Financial Statements 
Main circumstances and events characterising the consolidated 
operations  
25 - 35 
 
The companies of the Group  
36 - 40 
 
Results for the year  
41 - 63 
 
Reconciliation of shareholders’ equity and net income of the Parent 
Company and consolidated shareholders’ equity and net income 
attributable to the Group 
64 
 
The business 
65 
 
The operating structure 
72 - 75 
 
Report on Corporate Governance and the Group’s Ownership 
Structure (information pursuant to paragraph 2, letter b) of Art. 123-
bis of Legislative Decree 58/1998) 
76 - 83 
 
Other information 
84 
 
Significant subsequent events 
85 - 88 
 
Consolidated balance sheet 
91-92 
 
Consolidated income statement 
93 
 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
94 
 
Consolidated statement of changes in shareholders' equity 
95 
 
Consolidated statement of cash flows (indirect method) 
97 
 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
100 - 403 
 
Independent Auditor’s Report on the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
410 - 420 
 
 
 
2023 Non - Financial 
Statements  
Our identity: from uniqueness to belonging 
32 – 52 
 
Southern Italy Financial District 
54 – 69 
 
Focus on people 
71 – 93 
 
Environmental impacts and climate challenges 
95 – 105 
 
Product innovation and quality 
106 – 114 
 
European Taxonomy of environmentally sustainable economic 
activities 
116 – 136 
(except for pages 
122 – 131) 
 
GRI Content Index 
138 - 148 
 
Independent Auditor’s Report 
149 - 152 
31 March 2024 Press 
Release 
Entire document 
/ 
Any information contained in or incorporated by reference in any of the documents specified above which is not 
listed in the cross-reference table above shall not form part of this Base Prospectus and is either not relevant to 
investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus, information on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the competent authority. 
The comparative information as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022 has been reclassified in the 2023 
Financial Statements, for the sake of clarity, as the differential interest on hedging derivatives of the Issuer for an 
amount of €7,873 thousand was reclassified from “Interest and similar income” to “Interest and similar expenses”. 
As such, financial information as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022 derived from the 2023 Financial 
Statements may differ from the information in the 2022 Financial Statements.

--- Page 50 ---
10287112522-v13 
48 
47-41075186 
 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In relation to the different types of Notes which may be issued under the Programme the Issuer has included in 
this Base Prospectus all of the necessary information except for information relating to the Notes which is not 
known at the date of this Base Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of an individual issue of 
a Tranche of Notes. In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of 
Notes, the information necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of the rights attaching to the Notes. 
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required in order 
to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be contained either in the relevant 
Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus. 
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms, for the purposes of that Tranche 
only, must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular 
Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms are the Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the relevant 
Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each 
reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be 
read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted by a single document containing the necessary information 
relating to the Issuer and the relevant Notes.

--- Page 51 ---
10287112522-v13 
49 
47-41075186 
 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes will be issued as Notes in dematerialised form. 
The Notes will be held in dematerialised form on behalf of the beneficial owners, until redemption or cancellation 
thereof, by Monte Titoli, for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holders. The Notes have been 
accepted for clearance by Monte Titoli. The expression "Monte Titoli Account Holders" means any authorised 
financial intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli and 
includes any depository banks appointed by Euroclear Bank SA/NV as operator of the Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
The Notes will at all times be held in book entry form and title to the Notes will be evidenced by book entries 
pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Financial Services Act and in accordance with the CONSOB and Bank 
of Italy Joined Regulation. The Noteholders may not require physical delivery of the Notes. However, the 
Noteholders may ask the relevant intermediaries for certification pursuant to Articles 83-quinquies and 83-sexies 
of the Financial Services Act. 
Payment of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be credited, according to the instructions of Monte 
Titoli, by the Paying Agent to the accounts of the Monte Titoli Account Holders (as defined above), whose 
accounts with Monte Titoli are credited with those Notes and thereafter credited by such Monte Titoli Account 
Holders to the accounts of the beneficial owners of those Notes or through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg to the accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg of the beneficial owners of those 
Notes, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Monte Titoli, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
the case may be. 
The Notes, being in dematerialised form, will be held in a form which would allow Eurosystem eligibility.

--- Page 52 ---
10287112522-v13 
50 
47-41075186 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will complete these Terms and Conditions. 
Reference should be made to "Applicable Final Terms" for a description of the content of Final Terms which will 
specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to "Noteholders" or "holders" in relation to any Notes shall mean 
the beneficial owners of the Notes and evidenced in book entry form with Monte Titoli S.p.A., with registered 
office and principal place of business at Piazza degli Affari 6, 20123 Milan, Italy ("Monte Titoli") pursuant to 
the relevant provisions of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the "Financial Services 
Act") and in accordance with the CONSOB and Bank of Italy Joined Regulation dated 13 August 2018, as 
subsequently amended and supplemented from time to time (the "CONSOB and Bank of Italy Joined 
Regulation"). No physical document of title will be issued in respect of the Notes. Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. 
("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") are intermediaries authorised to 
operate through Monte Titoli. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme: Mediocredito Centrale - Banca del Mezzogiorno S.p.A. (the "Issuer") has established a 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of €1,000,000,000 in 
aggregate principal amount of notes. Under the Programme, the Issuer may issue notes governed by 
Italian law (the "Notes"). 
(b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and each Series 
may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes. Each Tranche is the subject of final 
terms (the "Final Terms") and the terms and conditions applicable to any such Tranche are these terms 
and conditions governed by Italian law (the "Conditions"), together with the relevant Final Terms. In 
the event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final 
Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Paying Agent: The Issuer will also act as initial paying agent for the Notes (the "Paying Agent", which 
expression includes any successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to time in connection 
with the Notes). The Issuer is entitled to appoint a different Paying Agent for the Notes in accordance 
with Condition 16 (Agents). 
(d) 
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes which are the 
subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available during normal 
business hours at the Specified Office of the Paying Agent, the initial Specified Office of which is set 
out below. 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of such 
Series) as published by ISDA (copies of which may be obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org); 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA 
Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any successor Matrix thereto), as 
defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of Notes of such Series, as published by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org); 
"Accrual Yield" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Tier 1 Capital" has the meaning given to such term (or any other equivalent or successor 
term) in the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
an "Alignment Event" will be deemed to have occurred if, as a result of a change in or amendment to 
the Applicable Banking Regulations or interpretation thereof, at any time after the Issue Date, the Issuer 
would be able to issue an instrument (i) in the case of Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes,

--- Page 53 ---
10287112522-v13 
51 
47-41075186 
 
qualifying as eligible liabilities instruments or (ii) in the case of Subordinated Notes, qualifying as Tier 
II Capital, that contains one or more provisions that are, in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer, different 
in any material respect from those contained in these Conditions; 
"Applicable Banking Regulations" means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect in the Republic of Italy and applicable to the Issuer 
or the Group (as the case may be), including, without limitation the CRD V, the BRRD, the Capital 
Adequacy Regulations, the Prudential Regulations for Banks and any other regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect of the Regulatory Authority or of the 
institutions of the European Union, including the European Commission and the European Banking 
Authority (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or 
not they are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be); 
"Benchmarks Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts 
or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 
2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014; 
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 
establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as 
amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time (including by Directive (EU) 2019/879); 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, means one or more of the conventions 
set out below and specified as being applicable to that date in the relevant Final Terms and, if so specified, 
may mean different conventions in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following 
expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day Convention" 
means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day 
unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first preceding 
day that is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought forward 
to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means that 
each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date 
in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred 
provided, however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any 
such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in 
that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such 
date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the 
next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business 
Day; and 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business

--- Page 54 ---
10287112522-v13 
52 
47-41075186 
 
Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar 
month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(v) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention; 
"Calculation Agent" means the Paying Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or such other 
amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Calculation Amount" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Capital Adequacy Regulations" means the Delegated Regulation and any other rules or regulations of 
the Regulatory Authority or of the institutions of the European Union or which are otherwise applicable 
to the Issuer or the Group (as the case may be), whether introduced before or after the Issue Date, which 
prescribe (alone or in conjunction with any other rules or regulations) the requirements to be fulfilled by 
financial instruments for their inclusion in the Own Funds of the Issuer or the Group (as the case may be) 
to the extent required under the CRD V; 
"CET1 Instruments" means at any time common equity tier 1 instruments as interpreted and applied in 
accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"CMS Rate" means the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the Reference Currency with a 
maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page as at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in question, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
"CMS Reference Banks" means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the principal office of five 
major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, (ii) where the Reference Currency is Sterling, the 
principal London office of five major banks in the London inter-bank market, (iii) where the Reference 
Currency is United States dollars, the principal New York City office of five major banks in the New 
York City inter-bank market, or (iv) in the case of any other Reference Currency, the principal Relevant 
Financial Centre office of five major banks in the Relevant Financial Centre inter-bank market, in each 
case selected by the Calculation Agent; 
"Consolidated Banking Law" means the Testo Unico Bancario or Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 
September 1993, as amended or supplemented from time to time, including any successor legislation; 
"CRD V" means the CRD V Directive, the CRR and the CRD V Implementing Measures; 
"CRD V Directive" means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 
June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit 
institutions and investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC and repealing Directives 2006/48/EC 
and 2006/49/EC, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time, including any successor 
regulations (including by Directive EU/2019/878); 
"CRD V Implementing Measures" means any regulatory capital rules implementing the CRD V 
Directive or the CRR which may from time to time be introduced, including, but not limited to, delegated 
or implementing acts (regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European Commission, national 
laws and regulations, and regulations and guidelines issued by the Bank of Italy, the European Banking 
Authority or any other relevant authority, which are applicable to the Issuer (on a standalone basis) or, if 
applicable, the Issuer together with its consolidated Subsidiaries (on a consolidated basis) and which 
prescribe the requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for inclusion in the regulatory capital 
of the Issuer (on a standalone or, if applicable, consolidated basis); 
"CRR" means Regulation No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 
on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as amended and supplemented 
from time to time, including any successor regulations (including by Regulation EU/2019/876); 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the 
"Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant 
Final Terms and: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means:

--- Page 55 ---
10287112522-v13 
53 
47-41075186 
 
(A) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(1) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins, divided by the product of (a) the actual number of 
days in such Regular Period and (b) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; and 
(2) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (b) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a leap 
year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling 
in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360, 360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where:  
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30"; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−

--- Page 56 ---
10287112522-v13 
54 
47-41075186 
 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date 
or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is calculated from 
and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day of the Calculation 
Period; 
"Delegated Regulation" means Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 241/2014 of 7 January 
2014 supplementing the CRR with regard to the regulatory technical standards for Own Funds 
requirements for institutions, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time; 
"Designated Maturity" means the period or periods specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory Event)" means in respect of any Note, its principal amount 
or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Early Redemption Date" means, for the purposes of Conditions 11(b) (Redemption for tax reasons) 
or, if applicable, 11(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons), the date fixed for redemption of the Notes 
following the giving of notice to Noteholders, which date shall fall: 
(i) 
at any time if none of the interest due on such date is required to be calculated in accordance 
with the Floating Rate Note Provisions; or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date if any of the interest due on the date of redemption is required to 
be calculated in accordance with the Floating Rate Note Provisions; 
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount 
as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms; 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−

--- Page 57 ---
10287112522-v13 
55 
47-41075186 
 
"ECB" means the European Central Bank; 
"Eligible Liabilities" shall have the meaning given to such term in the CRR, as interpreted and applied 
in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Eligible Liabilities Instruments" means at any time eligible liabilities instruments as interpreted and 
applied in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"EU Banking Reform" means the amendments to the CRD V Directive, the CRR and BRRD, which 
have been published on the European Official Gazette on 7 June 2019 and entered into force on 27 June 
2019; 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Fixed Rate Interest Period(s)" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Fixed to Floating Rate Notes: 
(A) 
if the relevant Final Terms specify only one Switch Date, the period from, and 
including, the Interest Commencement Date to, but excluding, the Switch Date; or 
(B) 
if the relevant Final Terms specify more than one Switch Date: 
(1) 
the period from, and including, the Interest Commencement Date to, but 
excluding, the first Switch Date; and 
(2) 
each subsequent period (if any) from, and including, the next but one Switch 
Date to, but excluding, the next following Switch Date or (where applicable) 
the Maturity Date; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating to Fixed Rate Notes: 
(A) 
if the relevant Final Terms specify only one Switch Date, the period from, and 
including, the Switch Date to, but excluding, the Maturity Date; or 
(B) 
if the relevant Final Terms specify more than one Switch Date: 
(1) 
the period from, and including, the first Switch Date to, but excluding, the 
second Switch Date; and 
(2) 
following the second Switch Date, each subsequent period (if any) from, and 
including, the next but one Switch Date to, but excluding, the next following 
Switch Date or (where applicable) the Maturity Date; 
"Fixed Rate Note Provisions" means the provisions contained in Condition 8 (Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions); 
"Floating Rate Interest Period(s)" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating to Fixed Rate Notes: 
(A) 
if the relevant Final Terms specify only one Switch Date, the period from, and 
including, the Interest Commencement Date to, but excluding, the Switch Date; or 
(B) 
if the relevant Final Terms specify more than one Switch Date: 
(1) 
the period from, and including, the Interest Commencement Date to, but 
excluding, the first Switch Date; and 
(2) 
each subsequent period (if any) from, and including, the next but one Switch 
Date to, but excluding, the next following Switch Date or (where applicable) 
the Maturity Date; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Fixed to Floating Rate Notes:

--- Page 58 ---
10287112522-v13 
56 
47-41075186 
 
(A) 
if the relevant Final Terms specify only one Switch Date, the period from, and 
including, the Switch Date to, but excluding, the Maturity Date; or 
(B) 
if the relevant Final Terms specify more than one Switch Date: 
(1) 
the period from, and including, the first Switch Date to, but excluding, the 
second Switch Date; and 
(2) 
following the second Switch Date, each subsequent period (if any) from, and 
including, the next but one Switch Date to, but excluding, the next following 
Switch Date or (where applicable) the Maturity Date; 
"Floating Rate Note Provisions" means the provisions contained in Condition 9 (Floating Rate Note 
Provisions); 
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable in 
respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" means the date or dates specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date or dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance with 
the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the 
FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period 
of calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date or 
any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date; 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc; (or any successor); 
"ISDA Definitions" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Issue Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Loss Absorption Requirement" means the power of the Regulatory Authority to impose that Own 
Funds Instruments or other liabilities of the Issuer or entities of the Group (as the case may be) are subject 
to full or partial write-down of the principal or conversion into CET1 Instruments or other instruments 
of ownership in accordance with Article 59 of the BRRD and the related national implementing 
provisions applicable to the Issuer or entities of the Group (as the case may be); 
"Margin" means an amount expressed as a percentage, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maturity Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, provided that such date 
does not fall: 
(i) 
in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, less than twelve months after the Issue Date; and 
(ii) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, less than five years after the Issue Date; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, an amount specified as such in, or 
determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate" means, for any Reset Period, the mean of the bid and offered rates for the 
fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments 
are payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the day count basis customary

--- Page 59 ---
10287112522-v13 
57 
47-41075186 
 
for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-
for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency, which transaction (i) has a term 
equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that 
is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged 
dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Reference Rate for the 
Mid-Swap Maturity (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the 
Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent); 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation" means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for 
the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
"Mid-Swap Maturity" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mid-Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to the fallback provisions 
contained in paragraphs (iii) to (v) of Condition 8(e) (Resetting of interest), either: 
(i) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the rate for swaps in the 
Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(ii) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic mean 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per 
cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate quotations for 
swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the Principal Financial Centre on such Reset 
Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, an amount specified as such in, or 
determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Monte Titoli Account Holders" means any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to 
hold accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli and includes any depositary banks 
appointed by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; 
"MREL Disqualification Event" means that, by reason of the introduction of or a change in MREL 
Requirements, which was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer at the Issue Date of the Notes, all or 
part of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of such Series of Notes are or will be excluded fully 
or partially from Eligible Liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements. For the avoidance of 
doubt: (a) the exclusion of a Series of Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes from the MREL 
Requirements due to the remaining maturity of such Notes being less than any period prescribed 
thereunder, does not constitute a MREL Disqualification Event; (b) the exclusion of all or some of a 
Series of Senior Notes from the MREL Requirements due to there being insufficient headroom for such 
Senior Notes within a prescribed exception to the otherwise applicable general requirements for Eligible 
Liabilities does not constitute a MREL Disqualification Event; and (c) the exclusion of all or some of a 
Series of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes from the MREL Requirements as a result 
of such Notes being purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or as a result of a purchase which is funded 
directly or indirectly by the Issuer, does not constitute a MREL Disqualification Event; 
"MREL Requirements" means the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards and 
policies relating to minimum requirements for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities and/or loss-absorbing 
capacity instruments applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group, from time to time, including, without 
limitation to the generality of the foregoing, any delegated or implementing acts (such as regulatory 
technical standards) adopted by the European Commission and any regulations, requirements, guidelines,

--- Page 60 ---
10287112522-v13 
58 
47-41075186 
 
rules, standards and policies relating to minimum requirements for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities 
and/or loss absorbing capacity instruments adopted by the Republic of Italy or the Regulatory Authority 
from time to time (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies are applied generally or 
specifically to the Issuer and/or the Group), as any of the preceding laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines, rules, standards, policies or interpretations may be amended, supplemented, superseded or 
replaced from time to time; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" means the date or dates specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms, provided that such date does not fall: 
(i) 
in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, less than twelve months after the Issue Date; and 
(ii) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, less than five years after the Issue Date; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" means the date or dates specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Own Funds" shall have the meaning given to such term in the CRR, as interpreted and applied in 
accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Own Funds Instruments" means at any time own funds instruments as interpreted and applied in 
accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Participating Member State" means a Member State of the European Union which adopts the euro as 
its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on 
which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and 
in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
"Permitted Jurisdiction" means any jurisdiction which, at the relevant time, is any of the following: 
(i) 
a Member State of the European Union; or 
(ii) 
the relevant jurisdiction of incorporation of the Issuer. 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the European 
Communities or the United Kingdom as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or 
(in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in relation to New 
Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland, in each case as is selected (in the case 
of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
"Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders" means the provisions for meetings of noteholders attached 
to these Conditions as Appendix 1 (Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders); 
"Prudential Regulations for Banks" means the Bank of Italy's Disposizioni di Vigilanza per le Banche, 
as set out in Bank of Italy Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013, as amended or supplemented from 
time to time, including any successor regulations;

--- Page 61 ---
10287112522-v13 
59 
47-41075186 
 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any Noteholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance with 
the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms, including (if applicable) any Reset 
Rate of Interest; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate: 
(i) 
the Final Redemption Amount; or 
(ii) 
the Early Redemption Amount (Tax), the Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory Event), the 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the Early 
Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be 
specified in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Banks" means the financial institutions specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if 
not so specified: 
(i) 
for the purposes of Condition 8(e) (Resetting of interest), four major banks in the swap, money, 
securities or other market most closely connected with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate, as selected 
by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute; 
(ii) 
for the purposes of Condition 9(c) (Screen Rate Determination), four major banks selected by 
the Issuer in the market that is most closely connected with the Reference Rate; 
"Reference Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Price" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Regular Period" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, 
each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the first 
Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including one Interest Payment Date 
to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid 
only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in 
any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and 
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest Period, 
interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where 
"Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment 
Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period; 
"Regulatory Authority" means the Bank of Italy or other governmental authority in Italy (or other 
country in which the Issuer is then domiciled having supervisory powers over the Issuer) or any European 
Union or other supranational authority (including the European Central Bank) having primary 
responsibility for prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer from time to time; 
"Regulatory Event" is deemed to have occurred for the purposes of Condition 11(c) (Redemption for 
regulatory reasons) if: 
(i) 
there is a change in Applicable Banking Regulations or any change in their official application 
or interpretation, in each case occurring after the date of issue of the first Tranche of the relevant 
Series of Notes, as a result of which the relevant Subordinated Notes cease to qualify either in 
whole or in part as Tier II Capital of the Issuer (save where the exclusion from Tier II Capital 
of the Issuer is solely (A) a result of any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital, or 
(B) in accordance with any requirement that recognition of such Series of Subordinated Notes 
as part of the Tier II Capital of the Issuer be amortised in the five years prior to maturity of such

--- Page 62 ---
10287112522-v13 
60 
47-41075186 
 
Notes, in either (A) or (B) in accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations in force as at the 
date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of such Series of Subordinated 
Notes); and 
(ii) 
where the Early Redemption Date falls before five years from the date of issue of the Notes, 
both of the following conditions are met: 
(A) 
the Regulatory Authority considers such a change to be sufficiently certain; and 
(B) 
the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Regulatory Authority that the change 
in regulatory classification of the Notes was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue 
Date; 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which the 
payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, 
the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means the city or cities or other geographical area or areas specified as 
such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Jurisdiction" means the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision or any authority thereof 
or therein having power to tax or any other jurisdiction or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax to which the Issuer becomes subject in respect of payments made 
by it of principal and interest on the Notes; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, 
or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such other 
information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the 
information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference 
Rate; 
"Relevant Swap Rate" means: 
(i) 
where the Reference Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual swap rate determined on the basis 
of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg, calculated on a 
30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating euro interest rate swap transaction with a term 
equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest Period 
and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, 
where the floating leg, in each case calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent 
to EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to standard market practice and/or the ISDA 
Definitions; and 
(ii) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency or if the Final Terms specify otherwise, the 
mid-market swap rate as determined in accordance with the applicable Final Terms; 
"Relevant Time" means the time specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant 
market at the relevant time; 
"Reserved Matter" has the meaning given to it in the Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders and 
includes any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes, 
to reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on any date in respect of the Notes, to alter the 
method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes or the date for any such payment, 
to change the currency of any payment under the Notes or to change the quorum requirements relating 
to meetings or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
"Reset Date" means the date or dates specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reset Determination Date" means, in respect of each Reset Period, the second Business Day prior to 
the Reset Date;

--- Page 63 ---
10287112522-v13 
61 
47-41075186 
 
"Reset Period" means each period from (and including) a Reset Date to (but excluding) the next 
following Reset Date to (but excluding) or, if no such Reset Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Maturity Date; 
"Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any Reset Period, the rate of interest determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate 
and the relevant Margin; 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest including, 
without limitation, any other agreement or arrangement having the effect of conferring security; 
"Senior Non-Preferred Notes" means Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as Senior Non-
Preferred obligations and intended to qualify as strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello of 
the Issuer, as defined under, and for the purposes of, Article 12-bis and Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-
bis of the Consolidated Banking Law, as amended from time to time, and any relevant implementing 
regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by any Regulatory Authority; 
"Senior Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (and, for the avoidance of 
doubt, excludes Senior Non-Preferred Notes); 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" means an amount of the Specified Currency specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Office" means Via America 351, 39100,Rome, Italy or such other address of the relevant 
Paying Agent notified by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices); 
"Specified Period" means the period specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"SRM Regulation" means the Single Resolution Mechanism established pursuant to Regulation (EU) 
No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council, as amended, supplemented or replaced 
from time to time (including by Regulation EU/2019/877); 
"SSM Regulation" means Council Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013 of 15 October 2013 conferring 
specific tasks on the ECB concerning policies relating to the prudential supervision of credit institutions, 
as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time; 
"Subordinated Notes" means Notes specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, being Notes 
intended to qualify as Tier II Capital for regulatory capital purposes, in accordance with Part II, Chapter 
1 of the Prudential Regulations for Banks and Article 63 of the CRR; 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at any particular time, any other 
Person which is controlled by the first Person in accordance with Article 2359, first paragraph, Nos. 1), 
2) and 3) and second paragraph of the Italian Civil Code; 
"Switch Date(s)" means: 
(i) 
where the Switch Option is not applicable, the date or dates that are specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
where the Switch Option is applicable, the date or dates that are specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms and in respect of which the Issuer has given notice of exercise of the relevant Switch 
Option to Noteholders at a date on which it was entitled to do so pursuant to Condition 7(e) 
(Switching at the option of the Issuer) and in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices); 
"Switch Option" means, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the option of the Issuer, 
at its sole discretion, on one or more occasions and subject to the provisions of Condition 7(e) (Switching 
at the option of the Issuer) to change the interest provisions applicable to the Notes from the Fixed Rate 
Note Provisions to the Floating Rate Note Provisions or vice versa; 
"Switch Option Exercise Period(s)" means the period or periods specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms, which period shall in any event end not less than 15 days prior to the relevant Switch Date; 
"T2" means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor system; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments in Euro;

--- Page 64 ---
10287112522-v13 
62 
47-41075186 
 
"Tier II Capital" has the meaning given to it by (i) the Regulatory Authority from time to time or (ii) 
any regulation, directive or other binding rules, standards or decisions adopted by the institutions of the 
European Union and in force from time to time, as applicable; 
"Treaty" means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended; and 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, 
(b) 
Interpretation: 
In these Conditions: 
(i) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any additional 
amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 13 (Taxation), any 
premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature of principal payable 
pursuant to these Conditions; 
(ii) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of interest 
which may be payable under Condition 13 (Taxation) and any other amount in the nature of 
interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(iii) 
a Note shall be considered to be "outstanding" unless one or more of the following events has 
occurred: 
(A) 
Redeemed or purchased: it has been redeemed in full, or purchased under Condition 
11(k) (Purchase), and in either case has been cancelled in accordance with Condition 
11(l) (Cancellation); 
(B) 
Due date: the due date for its redemption in full has occurred and all sums due in 
respect of such Note (including all accrued interest) have been received by the Paying 
Agent and remain available for payment against presentation and surrender of such 
Note; 
(C) 
Void: all claims for principal and interest in respect of such Note have become void 
under Condition 15 (Prescription); or 
(D) 
Meetings: for the purposes of the Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders only, it is 
held by, or by any person for the benefit of, the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries; 
(iv) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to be specified or indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such indication or specification or 
specifies that such expression is "not applicable" then such expression is not applicable to the 
Notes; and 
3. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes will be in held in dematerialised form in the Specified Denomination(s) on behalf of the 
beneficial owners by Monte Titoli for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holders as of 
their respective date of issue. Monte Titoli shall act as depository for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
The Notes will at all times be evidenced by, and title to the Notes will be established or transferred by 
way of, book-entries pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Financial Services Act and in accordance 
with the CONSOB and Bank of Italy Jointed Regulation. No physical document of title will be issued in 
respect of the Notes. 
4. 
Status of Senior Notes 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 4 (Status of Senior Notes) is applicable only to Senior Notes. 
(b) 
Status of the Senior Notes: The Senior Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank pari passu, without any preference among 
themselves. The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Senior Notes shall, save for such obligations 
as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general application, at all times 
rank at least equally with its other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations other 
than obligations ranking junior to the Senior Notes from time to time (including Senior Non-Preferred

--- Page 65 ---
10287112522-v13 
63 
47-41075186 
 
Notes and any further obligations permitted by law to rank, or expressed to rank, junior to the Senior 
Notes following the Issue Date) if any. 
(c) 
Waiver: Each holder of a Senior Note is deemed unconditionally and irrevocably to have waived any 
right of set-off, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have under 
the laws of any jurisdiction in respect of such Senior Note. 
(d) 
No Negative Pledge: There is no negative pledge in respect of the Senior Notes. 
5. 
Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 5 (Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) is applicable only to Senior Non-
Preferred Notes. 
(b) 
Status of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes: The obligations of the Issuer under the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes (notes intending to qualify as strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello of the Issuer, as 
defined under, and for the purposes of, Article 12-bis and Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the 
Consolidated Banking Law, and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such 
purposes by any Regulatory Authority) in respect of principal, interest and other amounts constitute 
direct, unconditional, unsubordinated, unsecured and non-preferred obligations of the Issuer, ranking (i) 
junior to Senior Notes and any other unsecured and non-preferred obligations of the Issuer which rank, 
or are expressed to rank by their terms and/or by provision of law, senior to the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, including claims arising from the excluded liabilities within the meaning of Article 72a(2) of the 
CRR, and (ii) at least pari passu without any preferences among themselves, and with all other present 
or future unsubordinated and non-preferred obligations of the Issuer which do not rank or are not 
expressed by their terms to rank junior or senior to the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes and (iii) in 
priority to any subordinated instruments, to any present or future claims ranking junior to such Series of 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and to the claims of shareholders of the Issuer, pursuant to Article 91, section 
1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Law, as amended from time to time, and any relevant 
implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by any Regulatory Authority. 
(c) 
Waiver: Each holder of a Senior Non-Preferred Note is deemed unconditionally and irrevocably to have 
waived any right of set-off, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise 
have under the laws of any jurisdiction in respect of such Senior Non-Preferred Note. 
(d) 
No Negative Pledge: There is no negative pledge in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
6. 
Status of Subordinated Notes 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 6 (Status of Subordinated Notes) is applicable only to Subordinated Notes. 
(b) 
Status of Subordinated Notes: The Subordinated Notes constitute direct and unsecured obligations of 
the Issuer subordinated as described below. Save as provided in Condition 6(c) (Status of disqualified 
Subordinated Notes), the Subordinated Notes rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. 
In relation to each Series of Subordinated Notes, all Subordinated Notes of such Series will be treated 
equally and all amounts paid by the Issuer in respect of principal and interest thereon will be paid pro 
rata on all Subordinated Notes of such Series. 
In the event of the winding up, dissolution, liquidation or bankruptcy (including, inter alia, Liquidazione 
Coatta Amministrativa of the Issuer), for so long as the relevant Series of Subordinated Notes qualify, in 
whole or in part, as Tier II Capital, the payment obligations of the Issuer under each Series of 
Subordinated Notes will rank in right of payment (A) after unsubordinated unsecured creditors (including 
depositors and any holder of Senior Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes) of the Issuer and all other 
creditors of the Issuer holding instruments that are less subordinated than the Subordinated Notes 
(including any subordinated instruments that have ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as own fund items 
(elementi di fondi propri)) but (B) at least pari passu with all other subordinated obligations of the Issuer 
which do not rank or are not expressed by their terms to rank junior or senior to such Series of 
Subordinated Notes, including holders of present or future outstanding Tier II Capital of the Issuer and 
(C) in priority to the claims of shareholders of the Issuer and to the claims of creditors of the Issuer 
holding instruments that are more subordinated than the Subordinated Notes. 
(c) 
Status of disqualified Subordinated Notes: If the relevant Series of Subordinated Notes do not qualify 
(or cease to qualify) in their entirety as own funds items (elementi di fondi propri), such Subordinated 
Notes will rank pari passu without any preference among the Notes and: (A) at least pari passu with the

--- Page 66 ---
10287112522-v13 
64 
47-41075186 
 
Issuer's obligations in respect of any other subordinated instruments that have ceased to qualify, in their 
entirety, as own funds items (elementi di fondi propri) and with all other subordinated indebtedness of 
the Issuer that have such ranking; (B) in priority to payments to holders of present or future outstanding 
indebtedness which qualifies, in whole or in part, as own funds items (elementi di fondi propri), including 
Additional Tier 1 Capital and Tier II Capital; and (C) junior in right of payment to the payment of any 
present or future claims of depositors of the Issuer and any other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer 
(including Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
(d) 
Waiver: Each holder of a Subordinated Note is deemed unconditionally and irrevocably to have waived 
any right of set-off, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have, 
under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Subordinated Note. 
(e) 
Loss absorption: The Subordinated Notes (including, for the avoidance of doubt, payments of principal 
and/or interest) shall be subject to the Loss Absorption Requirement, if so required under the BRRD 
and/or the SRM Regulation, in accordance with the powers of the Regulatory Authority and where the 
Regulatory Authority determines that the application of the Loss Absorption Requirement to the 
Subordinated Notes is necessary pursuant to applicable law and/or regulation in force from time to time. 
(f) 
No Negative Pledge: There is no negative pledge in respect of the Subordinated Notes. 
7. 
Fixed to Floating Rate or Floating to Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7 (Fixed to Floating Rate or Floating to Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is 
applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed to Floating Rate Note Provisions or the Floating to Fixed Rate 
Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Fixed to Floating Rate Note Provisions: If the Fixed to Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, then: 
(i) 
the Fixed Rate Note Provisions shall apply to the Notes initially upon issue and in respect of the 
Fixed Rate Interest Period(s); and 
(ii) 
the Floating Rate Note Provisions shall apply in respect of the Floating Rate Interest Period(s). 
(c) 
Floating to Fixed Rate Note Provisions: If the Floating to Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, then: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Note Provisions shall apply to the Notes initially upon issue and in respect of 
the Floating Rate Interest Period(s); and 
(ii) 
the Fixed Rate Note Provisions shall apply in respect of the Fixed Rate Interest Period(s). 
(d) 
Scheduled switching: If the Final Terms do not specify that the Switch Option is applicable, then the 
switching of interest pursuant to this Condition 7 shall take effect on each Switch Date without any 
requirement to give notice or other formality (but without prejudice, if applicable, to Condition 9(h) 
(Publications)). 
(e) 
Switching at the option of the Issuer: If the Final Terms specify that the Switch Option is applicable, 
then: 
(i) 
the Issuer may, on one or more occasions, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, give notice 
to the Noteholders during the relevant Switch Option Exercise Period of the switching of interest 
applicable to the Notes from the Fixed Rate Noted Provisions to the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions or vice versa; 
(ii) 
provided that notice is given to Noteholders during the relevant Switch Option Exercise Period, 
such notice will be irrevocable and binding on both the Issuer and the Noteholders and will take 
effect: 
(A) 
where only one Switch Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms, from (and 
including) the Switch Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date; or 
(B) 
where more than one Switch Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms, from (and 
including) the relevant Switch Date to (but excluding) the next following Switch Date; 
and

--- Page 67 ---
10287112522-v13 
65 
47-41075186 
 
(iii) 
if, in relation to a date specified in the Final Terms as a Switch Date, the Switch Option is not 
exercised in accordance with this Condition 7(e), then such date will be deemed not to be a 
Switch Date for the purposes of these Conditions and the interest provisions applicable prior to 
such date shall continue to apply. 
8. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 8 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed 
Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject (if applicable) to adjustment of the Rate of 
Interest pursuant to Condition 8(e)(Resetting of interest) and subject as provided in Condition 12 
(Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless payment 
of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear 
interest in accordance with this Condition 8 (both before and after judgment) until whichever is the earlier 
of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf 
of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Paying Agent has notified the 
Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to 
the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period 
shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one Specified 
Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified 
Denomination. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any period 
for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to 
the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the 
resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) 
and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such Note 
divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency 
other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of 
such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
(e) 
Resetting of interest: If the Final Terms specify the fixed note resetting provisions are applicable, the 
following provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
the Rate of Interest shall be adjusted to the relevant Reset Rate of Interest from (and including) 
each Reset Date to (but excluding) the next following Reset Date or, if no such Reset Date is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Maturity Date; 
(ii) 
the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount payable shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined 
and, in the case of the Interest Amount, in accordance with Condition 8(d) (Calculation of 
interest amount); 
(iii) 
if on any Reset Determination Date, the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap 
Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Calculation Agent shall request each of 
the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market Swap Rate 
Quotation as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified 
Currency on the Reset Determination Date in question; 
(iv) 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-Market Swap 
Rate Quotations, the Reset Rate of Interest for the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum of the 
arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being 
rounded upwards)) of the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations and the relevant Margin, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent (and, for the avoidance of doubt, if such sum results 
in a negative amount, such amount shall be deemed to be zero); 
(v) 
if on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the Reset Rate of Interest shall be determined to be the Rate of

--- Page 68 ---
10287112522-v13 
66 
47-41075186 
 
Interest as at the last preceding Reset Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, 
as at the Interest Commencement Date; 
(vi) 
the Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined by it, 
together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be 
determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Paying Agent, 
Monte Titoli and each listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by 
which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as 
practicable after such determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount 
and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period, 
and notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders; 
(vii) 
the Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the 
foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant 
Interest Period; 
(viii) 
if the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination, the Calculation 
Agent shall not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the 
Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified 
Denomination; and 
(ix) 
all notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 8 by the Calculation Agent 
will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, Monte Titoli, the Paying Agent 
and the Noteholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the 
Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions for such purposes. 
9. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 9 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the 
Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 12 (Payments). Each 
Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless payment of the Redemption 
Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance 
with this Condition (both before and after judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which 
all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder 
and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Paying Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has 
received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is 
any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
(i) 
Floating Rate Notes other than CMS Linked Interest Notes: If, in the relevant Final Terms, 
Screen Rate Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to 
be determined and "CMS Rate" is not specified as the Reference Rate, then the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent on 
the following basis: 
(A) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, 
the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the 
Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date; 
(B) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date; and 
(C) 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate 
or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that (x) 
for the avoidance of doubt, if such sum results in a negative amount, such amount shall 
be deemed to be zero and (y) if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or

--- Page 69 ---
10287112522-v13 
67 
47-41075186 
 
(as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions in 
relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such 
Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate (or as the case may be) the 
arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding 
Interest Period. 
(ii) 
CMS Linked Interest Notes: If, in the relevant Final Terms, Screen Rate Determination is 
specified as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined and "CMS Rate" 
is specified as the Reference Rate, then the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each 
Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following 
formula: 
CMS Rate plus Margin 
provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, if such sum results in a negative amount, such amount 
shall be deemed to be zero. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Calculation Agent shall request each of the 
CMS Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its quotation for the Relevant 
Swap Rate at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
Specified Currency) on the Interest Determination Date in question. If at least three of the CMS 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such quotation, the CMS Rate for such 
Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such quotations, eliminating the highest quotation 
(or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of 
equality, one of the lowest). 
If on any Interest Determination Date less than three or none of the CMS Reference Banks 
provides the Calculation Agent with such quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, 
the CMS Rate shall be the CMS Rate in effect with respect to the immediately preceding Interest 
Period. 
(d) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each 
Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where "ISDA Rate" in relation 
to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that 
would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation 
Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions (provided that in any circumstances where under the 
ISDA Definitions the Calculation Agent would be required to exercise any discretion, including the 
selection of any reference banks and seeking quotations from reference banks, when calculating the 
relevant ISDA Rate, the relevant determination(s) which require the Calculation Agent to exercise its 
discretion shall instead be made by the Issuer or its designee) and under which: 
(i) 
if the Final Terms specify either "2006 ISDA Definitions" or "2021 ISDA Definitions" as the 
applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), unless otherwise specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, has the meaning given to it in the ISDA Definitions, 
(ii) 
references in the ISDA Definitions to: 
(A) 
"Confirmation" shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
"Calculation Period" shall be references to the relevant Interest Period; 
(C) 
"Termination Date" shall be references to the Maturity Date; 
(D) 
"Effective Date" shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date; and

--- Page 70 ---
10287112522-v13 
68 
47-41075186 
 
(iii) 
if the Final Terms specify "2021 ISDA Definitions" as being applicable: 
(A) 
"Benchmark Event" shall be disapplied; and 
(B) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified Floating Rate 
Option is specified to be "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Alternative Rate" in 
the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions the reference to "Calculation 
Agent Alternative Rate Determination" in the definition of "Temporary Non-
Publication Fallback – Alternative Rate" shall be replaced by "Temporary Non-
Publication Fallback – Previous Day's Rate", 
provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, if such sum results in a negative amount, such amount 
shall be deemed to be zero. 
(e) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the 
maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(f) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest 
Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated 
by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount during such Interest 
Period, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the 
nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such 
rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation 
Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest 
amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case 
of euro, means one cent. 
(g) 
Calculation of other amounts: If the relevant Final Terms specify that any other amount is to be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time or 
times at which any such amount is to be determined, calculate the relevant amount. The relevant amount 
will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(h) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined by 
it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be determined 
by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Paying Agent, Monte Titoli and 
each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then 
been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after such determination but (in 
the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than 
the first day of the relevant Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the 
Noteholders. The Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of 
the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest 
Period. If the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination, the Calculation 
Agent shall not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation 
Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
(i) 
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the Calculation Agent 
will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, Monte Titoli, the Paying Agent, the 
Noteholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent 
in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such 
purposes. 
(j) 
Benchmark replacement: Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 9, if a Benchmark 
Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate at any time when these Conditions provide for 
any remaining Rate of Interest (or any component part(s) thereof) to be determined by reference to such 
Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply.  
The Issuer shall determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with 
Condition 9(j)(i)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 9(j)(ii)) 
and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 9(j)(iii)). If the Issuer cannot determine

--- Page 71 ---
10287112522-v13 
69 
47-41075186 
 
a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate or an Adjustment Spread if any, then the Issuer shall appoint an 
Independent Adviser to determine a Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread (if any). 
The Issuer and the Independent Adviser (as applicable) shall act in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner. 
(i) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate: If the Issuer or the Independent Adviser (as applicable) 
determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 9(j)(ii)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) 
thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further 
operation of this Condition 9(j)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 9(j)(ii)) subsequently be 
used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of 
Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of 
interest on the Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 9(j)). 
(ii) 
Adjustment Spread: If the Issuer or the Independent Adviser (as applicable) determines (i) that 
an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of 
Interest or a relevant component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate (as applicable). 
(iii) 
Benchmark Amendments: If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with this Condition 9(j) and the Issuer or the Independent Adviser (as 
applicable) determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions (including without limitation, 
amendments to the definitions of Day Count Fraction, Business Day, Relevant Screen Page, 
Interest Determination Date, Relevant Time, Relevant Financial Centre, Reference Banks, 
Principal Financial Centre, Business Day Convention or Additional Business Centre) are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) the terms of 
the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, and subject to the Issuer giving notice 
thereof in accordance with Condition 9(j)(iv), without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments 
with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 9(j)(iii), the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes are 
for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading. 
(iv) 
Notices, etc.: The Issuer shall notify the Paying Agent, Monte Titoli and the Calculation Agent 
or any other party specified in the relevant Final Terms as being responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and, in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), the Noteholders promptly of 
any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 9(j). Such notice shall be 
irrevocable (save in the event of manifest error in the determination of the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any)) 
and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period shall be 
substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) specified in such notice will (unless revoked) be binding on the Issuer,

--- Page 72 ---
10287112522-v13 
70 
47-41075186 
 
Monte Titoli, the Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, any other party specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest, the Noteholders. 
(v) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate: Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under 
the provisions of this Condition 9(j), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions 
provided for in Condition 9(j) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has 
occurred and only then once the Paying Agent, Monte Titoli and Calculation Agent or such 
other party specified in the relevant Final Terms, as applicable, have been notified of the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and any Adjustment Spread (if 
applicable) and Benchmark Amendments (if applicable) in accordance with Condition 9(j)(iv). 
(vi) 
Fallbacks: If, (a) following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the 
determination of the Rate of Interest on the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Issuer or 
the Independent Adviser (as applicable) is unable or fails to determine a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable) pursuant to this Condition 9(j) by such Interest Determination 
Date, or, (b) in the case of Subordinated Notes, if the provisions relating to the occurrence of a 
Regulatory Event in case of a Benchmark Event is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms or, in the case of Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes the provisions relating to 
the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event in case of a Benchmark Event is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms (as applicable), the provisions under paragraphs from 0 
to (iii) above would cause the occurrence of a Regulatory Event or a MREL Disqualification 
Event (as applicable), then the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period 
shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the 
immediately preceding Interest Period (though substituting, where a different Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate 
of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period). For the avoidance of 
doubt, this Condition 9(j) shall apply to the determination of the Rate of Interest on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date only, and the Rate of Interest applicable to any subsequent Interest 
Period(s) is subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 9(j). 
(vii) 
Definitions: In this Condition 9(j): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Issuer or the 
Independent Adviser (as applicable) determines is required to be applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the case may be) and is the 
spread, formula or methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an 
option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Reference Rate with 
the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(B) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Benchmark 
Rate), the Issuer or the Independent Adviser (as applicable) determines is customarily 
applied to the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the case may 
be) in international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted 
replacement rate for the Reference Rate; or 
(C) 
(if no such recommendation has been made) the Issuer or the Independent Adviser (as 
applicable) determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard 
for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where 
such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate 
(as the case may be); or 
(D) 
(if the Issuer or the Independent Adviser (as applicable) determines that no such 
industry standard is recognised or acknowledged) the Issuer or the Independent 
Adviser (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) to be appropriate to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may

--- Page 73 ---
10287112522-v13 
71 
47-41075186 
 
be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the case may be); 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative to the Reference Rate which the Issuer or the 
Independent Adviser (as applicable) determines in accordance with Condition 9(j)(i) has 
replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt capital 
markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
or if no such rate exists, the rate which is most comparable in terms of nature, structure and 
market uptake to the Original Reference Rate, for a comparable interest period and in the same 
Specified Currency as the Notes; 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(j)(iii); 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business 
Days or ceasing to be calculated, administered or published; 
(B) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred 
to in (B)(i) above; 
(C) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; 
(D) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before a 
specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date falling six 
months prior to the specified date referred to in (D)(i) above; 
(E) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be 
prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, in each case on or before a specified date and (ii) the date falling six 
months prior to the specified date referred to in (E)(i) above; or 
(F) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or such other 
party as specified in the relevant Final Terms to calculate any payments due to be made 
to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate including, without limitation, 
under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable; 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under 
Condition 9(j) at its own expense; 
"Original Reference Rate" means the originally-specified Reference Rate used to determine 
the relevant Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of the Original Reference Rate: 
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, or any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate; or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (a) the central bank to which the Original Reference Rate relates, (b) 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising 
the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities, or (d) the Financial Stability Board or 
any part thereof; and

--- Page 74 ---
10287112522-v13 
72 
47-41075186 
 
"Successor Rate" means an interest rate that is formally recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body to be the successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which 
is determined by the Issuer in accordance with this Condition 9. 
10. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 10 (Zero Coupon Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon 
Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to 
the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue Date to (but 
excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note 
up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is 
seven days after the Paying Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due 
in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent 
default in payment). 
11. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be 
redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, as provided in Condition 12 
(Payments), and, in the case of Subordinated Notes, subject to Condition 11(g) (Regulatory conditions 
for call, redemption, repayment or, repurchase or modification of Subordinated Notes). 
Pursuant to Article 12-bis, paragraph 1, letter a), of the Consolidated Banking Law, the Maturity Date of 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall not fall earlier than twelve months after their Issue Date. 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer (subject, in the 
case of Subordinated Notes, to Condition 11(g) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment 
or, repurchase or modification of Subordinated Notes) and, in the case of Senior Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, to Condition 11(m) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase 
or modification of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes)) in whole, but not in part, on the Early 
Redemption Date on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Paying Agent, Monte 
Titoli and, in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notices shall be 
irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued (if any) to the Early 
Redemption Date, if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in 
Condition 13 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations 
of the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having 
power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or 
regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the 
first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes and only if the Early Redemption Date falls before five years 
from the Issue Date, the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Regulatory Authority 
that such change is material and was not reasonably foreseeable at the Issue Date, 
(any such event, a "Tax Event") provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be 
given earlier than: 
(A) 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days prior to the earliest date on 
which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in 
respect of the Notes were then due; or 
(B) 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days prior to 
the Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date on which the

--- Page 75 ---
10287112522-v13 
73 
47-41075186 
 
Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the 
Notes were then due. 
Upon publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall make available, 
upon request, to the relevant Noteholder (1) a certificate signed by a duly authorised legal representative 
of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of 
facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (2) 
an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will 
become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. Upon the 
expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 11(b), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem 
the Notes in accordance with this Condition 11(b) (subject to Condition 11(g) (Regulatory conditions for 
call, redemption, repayment or, repurchase or modification of Subordinated Notes) and to Condition 
11(m) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of Senior 
Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes)). 
(c) 
Redemption for regulatory reasons: 
(i) 
Application: This Condition 11(c) is applicable only to Subordinated Notes and only if this 
Condition 11(c) is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Redemption: Upon occurrence of a Regulatory Event, subject to Condition 11(g) (Regulatory 
conditions for call, redemption, repayment or, repurchase or modification of Subordinated 
Notes), the Notes may be redeemed on the Early Redemption Date at the option of the Issuer in 
whole, but not in part, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice (which notice 
shall be irrevocable) to the Paying Agent, Monte Titoli and, in accordance with Condition 19 
(Notices), the Noteholders. 
Upon publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 11(c), the Issuer shall 
make available, upon request, to the relevant Noteholder a certificate signed by a duly 
authorised legal representative of the Issuer stating that a Regulatory Event has occurred and 
describing the facts giving rise to such circumstances, and such certificate shall be conclusive 
and binding on the Noteholders. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 11(c), the Issuer shall be 
bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 11(c), at the Early Redemption 
Amount (Regulatory Event) specified in the relevant Final Terms, together (if applicable) with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the Early Redemption Date. 
Any redemption pursuant to this Condition 11(c) shall be subject to Condition 11(g) (Regulatory 
conditions for call, redemption, repayment or, repurchase or modification of Subordinated 
Notes). 
(d) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer (subject, in the case of 
Subordinated Notes, to Condition 11(g) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or, 
repurchase or modification of Subordinated Notes) and, in the case of Senior Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, to Condition 11(m) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase 
or modification of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes)) in whole or, if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer's giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the 
Paying Agent, Monte Titoli and, in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), the Noteholders (which 
notices shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the 
Notes specified in such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) to such date). 
In the case of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the call option pursuant to this Condition 
11(d) shall be subject to Condition 11(m) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, 
repurchase or modification of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, no call option in accordance with this Condition 11(d) may be 
exercised by the Issuer to redeem, in whole or in part, such Notes prior to the fifth anniversary of their 
Issue Date. Starting from the fifth anniversary of their Issue Date, the redemption pursuant to this

--- Page 76 ---
10287112522-v13 
74 
47-41075186 
 
Condition 11(d) shall be subject to Condition 11(g) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, 
repayment or, repurchase or modification of Subordinated Notes). 
(e) 
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with Condition 
11(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected in accordance 
with the rules of Monte Titoli (to be reflected in the records of Monte Titoli as a pro rata reduction in 
principal amount), subject to compliance with applicable laws and the rules of each competent authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation. If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be 
greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
In the case of Senior Notes, the partial redemption pursuant to this Condition 11(e) shall be subject to 
Condition 11(m) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of 
Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, no partial redemption in accordance with this Condition 11(e) may be 
exercised by the Issuer to redeem, in part, such Notes prior to the fifth anniversary of their Issue Date. 
Starting from the fifth anniversary of their Issue Date, the partial redemption pursuant to this Condition 
11(e) shall be subject to Condition 11(g) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or, 
repurchase or modification of Subordinated Notes). 
(f) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: 
(i) 
Application: This Condition 11(f) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders) is applicable only 
if the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable but, in any event, 
does not apply to Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes. 
(ii) 
Put Options: The Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any Note redeem such Note on the 
Optional Redemption Date (Put) at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together 
with interest (if any) accrued to such date. In order to exercise the option contained in this 
Condition 11(f), the holder of a Note must, not less than 30 nor more than 60 days before the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), deliver to any Paying Agent a duly completed Put 
Option Notice in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent. Upon delivery of a Put Option 
Notice and up to and including the Optional Redemption Date (Put), no transfer of title to the 
Note(s) for which the Put Option Notice has been delivered will be allowed. At least 5 Business 
Days prior to the Optional Redemption Date (Put), the Issuer and the Paying Agent shall notify 
Monte Titoli of the amount of Notes to be redeemed on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) 
and the aggregate Optional Redemption Amount (Put). 
(g) 
Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or, repurchase or modification of Subordinated 
Notes: In the case of Subordinated Notes, any call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of such Notes 
in accordance with Condition 9(h) (Publications), Condition 11(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), 
Condition 11(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons), Condition 11(d) (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer), Condition 11(n) (Clean-up Redemption at the option of the Issuer), or Condition 11(k) 
(Purchase) or Condition 17 (Meetings of Noteholders; Modification) (including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, any modification in accordance with Condition 17 (Meetings of Noteholders; Modification)) is 
subject to conditions compliance with the then applicable Banking Regulations, including: 
(a) 
the Issuer having obtained the prior permission of the Regulatory Authority in accordance with 
Articles 77 and 78 of the CRR, as amended or replaced from time to time, where either: 
i. 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer 
replaces the Subordinated Notes with Own Funds Instruments of equal or higher 
quality at terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; or 
ii. 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Regulatory Authority that its Own 
Funds would, following such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, exceed the 
capital requirements laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations by a margin that 
the Regulatory Authority considers necessary; and

--- Page 77 ---
10287112522-v13 
75 
47-41075186 
 
(b) 
in respect of a call, redemption repayment or repurchase prior to the fifth anniversary of the 
Issue Date of the relevant Subordinated Notes, if and to the extent required under Article 78(4) 
of the CRR or the Capital Instruments Regulation: 
i. 
in the case of redemption pursuant to Condition 11(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), 
the Issuer having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Regulatory Authority that the 
change in the applicable tax treatment of the Notes is material and was not reasonably 
foreseeable as at the Issue Date; or 
ii. 
in case of redemption pursuant to Condition 11(g) (Regulatory conditions for call, 
redemption, repayment or, repurchase or modification of Subordinated Notes), a 
Regulatory Event has occurred; or 
iii. 
on or before the relevant call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, the Issuer replaces 
the Notes with Own Funds Instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are 
sustainable for income capacity of the Issuer and the Regulatory Authority has 
permitted that action on the basis of the determination that it would be beneficial from 
a prudential point of view and justified by exceptional circumstances; or 
iv. 
the Subordinated Notes are repurchased for market making purposes, 
subject in any event to any alternative or additional conditions or requirements as may be 
applicable from time to time under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
The Regulatory Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which shall not 
exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) the Subordinated Notes, 
in the limit of a predetermined amount, which shall not exceed the lower of (i) 10 per cent. (or any other 
threshold as may be requested or required by the Regulatory Authority from time to time) of the aggregate 
principal amount of the relevant Subordinated Notes and (ii) 3 per cent. (or any other threshold as may 
be requested or required by the Regulatory Authority from time to time) of the outstanding aggregate 
principal amount of the Tier II Capital of the Issuer at the relevant time, subject to criteria that ensure 
that any such redemption or purchase will be in accordance with the conditions set out at romans i and ii 
of sub-paragraph (a) of the preceding paragraph. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Regulatory Authority to grant its permission in accordance 
with Article 78 of the CRR shall not constitute a default of the Issuer for any purposes. 
(h) 
Issuer Call Due to a MREL Disqualification Event 
(i) 
Application: this Condition 11(h) applies only to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
(ii) 
If Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification Event is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, then any Series of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Notes may (subject 
to the provisions of Condition 11(m) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, 
repurchase or modification of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes)) on or after the 
date specified in a notice published on the Issuer's website be redeemed at the option of the 
Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if the Note is neither a Floating Rate Note or a CMS 
Linked Interest Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if the Note is either a Floating Rate Note 
or a CMS Linked Interest Note) on giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the 
maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Paying Agent, Monte 
Titoli and, in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notices shall be 
irrevocable), if the Issuer determines that an MREL Disqualification Event has occurred and is 
continuing. 
(iii) 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition, the Issuer shall be bound 
to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition. Notes redeemed pursuant to this 
Condition will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount described in the applicable Final 
Terms, together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
(i) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity Date 
shall be an amount equal to the sum of:

--- Page 78 ---
10287112522-v13 
76 
47-41075186 
 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the 
case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the calculation 
in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as 
may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 11(h) or, if none is so specified, a 
Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
In the case of Senior Notes, the call option pursuant to this Condition 11(h) shall be subject to Condition 
11(m) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of Senior 
Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, no call option in accordance with this Condition 11(i) may be 
exercised by the Issuer to redeem, in whole or in part, such Notes prior to the fifth anniversary of their 
Issue Date. Starting from the fifth anniversary of their Issue Date, the redemption pursuant to this 
Condition 11(i) shall be subject to Condition 11(g) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, 
repayment or, repurchase or modification of Subordinated Notes). 
(j) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as provided in 
Conditions 11(a) (Scheduled redemption) to 11(i) (Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes) above. 
(k) 
Purchase: The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may (but, in the case of Subordinated Notes, subject to 
Condition 11(g) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or, repurchase or modification 
of Subordinated Notes) and, in the case of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, to Condition 
11(m) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of Senior 
Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes)) at any time purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise and 
at any price. 
(l) 
Cancellation: All Notes so redeemed or purchased shall be cancelled and may not be reissued or resold. 
(m) 
Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of Senior Notes and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes: Any call, redemption, repayment or repurchase in accordance with 
Condition 9(h) (Publications), Condition 11(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 11(d) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 11(h) (Issuer Call Due to a MREL Disqualification 
Event), Condition 11(n) (Clean-up Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 11(k) (Purchase) 
or Condition 17 (Meetings of Noteholders; Modification) (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
modification in accordance with Condition 17 (Meetings of Noteholders; Modification)) of Senior Notes 
or Senior Non-Preferred Notes is subject, to the extent such Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
qualify at such time as liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements (Eligible Liabilities 
Instruments) or, in case of a redemption pursuant to Condition 11(h) (Issuer Call Due to a MREL 
Disqualification Event), qualified as liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements before 
the occurrence of the MREL Disqualification Event, to compliance with the then applicable Banking 
Regulations, including the condition that the Issuer has obtained the prior permission of the Regulatory 
Authority in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR, where one of the following conditions is met: 
(a) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer replaces 
the Relevant Notes with Own Funds Instruments or Eligible Liabilities Instruments of equal or 
higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; or 
(b) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Regulatory Authority that its Own Funds 
and Eligible Liabilities would, following such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, 
exceed the requirements for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities laid down in the Applicable 
Banking Regulations by a margin that the Regulatory Authority considers necessary; or 
(c) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Regulatory Authority that the partial or 
full replacement of the relevant notes with Own Funds Instruments is necessary to ensure 
compliance with the Own Funds requirements laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations 
for continuing authorisation, 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be applicable from time to time 
under the Applicable Banking Regulations.

--- Page 79 ---
10287112522-v13 
77 
47-41075186 
 
The Regulatory Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which shall not 
exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) Senior Preferred Notes 
or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, in the limit of a predetermined amount, instruments, subject to criteria 
that ensure that any such redemption or purchase will be in accordance with the conditions set out in sub-
paragraphs (a) and (b) of the preceding paragraph. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Regulatory Authority to grant its permission in accordance 
with Article 78a of the CRR shall not constitute a default of the Issuer for any purposes. 
(n) 
Clean-up Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If a clean-up redemption option (the "Clean-Up 
Redemption Option") is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, and if 75% or any higher percentage 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Clean-Up Percentage") of the initial aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes of the same Series (which for the avoidance of doubt includes, any additional Notes 
issued subsequently and forming a single series with the first Tranche of a particular Series of Notes) 
have been redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf of, the Issuer and cancelled, the Issuer may at any 
time, at its option, and having given to the Paying Agent, Monte Titoli and, in accordance with Condition 
19 (Notices), the Noteholders not less than 5 nor more than 30 calendar days' notice (the "Clean-Up 
Redemption Notice") (which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption), redeem such outstanding Notes, in whole but not in part, at their clean-up redemption 
amount ("Clean-Up Redemption Amount") together, if appropriate, with accrued interest to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption, on the date fixed for redemption identified in the Clean-Up 
Redemption Notice. 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, the redemption referred to in this Condition 11(n) shall be subject to 
Condition 11(g) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or, repurchase or modification 
of Subordinated Notes). 
In the case of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the redemption referred to in this Condition 
11(n) shall be subject to Condition 11(g) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, 
repurchase or modification of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
12. 
Payments 
(a) 
Principal: Payment of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be credited, according to the 
instructions of Monte Titoli, by the Paying Agent to the accounts of the Monte Titoli Account Holders 
whose accounts with Monte Titoli are credited with those Notes and thereafter credited by such Monte 
Titoli Account Holders to the accounts of the beneficial owners of those Notes or through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg to the accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg of the beneficial 
owners of those Notes, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Monte Titoli, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
(b) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to: (i) any 
applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 13 (Taxation); and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to sections 1471 to 1474 of that Code, any regulations or arrangements thereunder, official 
interpretation thereof or any law implementing an inter-governmental approach thereto. No commissions 
or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders for any payments in respect of the Notes. 
(c) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note is not a 
Payment Business Day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment of the amount due until the next 
succeeding Payment Business Day and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in 
respect of any such delay. 
13. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer 
shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present 
or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed or on behalf of the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision therein 
or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such 
additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Noteholders after such withholding or deduction of the

--- Page 80 ---
10287112522-v13 
78 
47-41075186 
 
amounts of principal, and interest in the case of any Notes, as would have been received by them had no 
such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in 
respect of any Note: 
(i) 
in the Republic of Italy; or 
(ii) 
by or on behalf of a holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges in respect of such Note by reason of its having some connection with the Republic of 
Italy other than the mere holding of such Note; or 
(iii) 
by a non-Italian resident entity or individual which is resident for tax purposes in a country 
which does not allow for a satisfactory exchange of information with the Italian tax authorities; 
or 
(iv) 
in relation to any payment or deduction on any interest, principal or other proceeds on account 
of Italian substitute tax (imposta sostitutiva) (at the then applicable rate of tax) pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 and related regulations of implementation, as 
amended, supplemented and/or re-enacted from time to time ("Decree No. 239"), including 
Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997 and related regulations of implementation, 
as amended, supplemented and/or re-enacted from time to time ("Legislative Decree No. 461"); 
or 
(v) 
by or on behalf of a holder who would have been able to avoid such withholding or deduction 
by presenting the relevant Note to another Paying Agent in a Member State of the European 
Union; or 
(vi) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the 
relevant holder would have been entitled to such additional amounts if it had presented such 
Note on the last day of such period of 30 days; or 
(vii) 
by or on behalf of a Noteholder who is entitled to avoid such deduction or withholding by 
making a declaration of residence or non-residence or other substantially similar claim but fails 
to do so; or 
(viii) 
in respect of Notes that are classified as atypical securities where such withholding or deduction 
is required pursuant to Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, as amended, supplemented 
and/or re-enacted from time to time. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the 
Republic of Italy, references in these Conditions to the Republic of Italy shall be construed as references 
to the Republic of Italy and/or such other jurisdiction. 
(c) 
FATCA: For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer will have no obligation to pay any additional amounts in 
respect of the Notes for any amounts required to be withheld or deducted pursuant to sections 1471 to 
1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 if withholding or deduction is imposed under those 
rules. 
14. 
Events of Default 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 14 (Events of Default) is applicable to Senior Notes, Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and Subordinated Notes. 
(b) 
Enforcement: Without prejudice to Condition 14(c) (Events of Default), any holder of Notes may institute 
proceedings to enforce any obligation, condition or provision binding on the Issuer under such Notes 
provided that the Issuer shall not by virtue of any such proceedings, other than proceedings for the 
dissolution, liquidation or winding-up of the Issuer or any proceedings which under the laws of Italy 
have an analogous effect to any of the foregoing, be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the 
same would otherwise have been payable by it. 
(c) 
Events of Default: If any of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Winding-up etc: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up, 
liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer (otherwise than for the purposes of or pursuant to an 
amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent); or

--- Page 81 ---
10287112522-v13 
79 
47-41075186 
 
(ii) 
Analogous event: any event occurs which under the laws of Italy has an analogous effect to any 
of the events referred to in paragraph (i) (Winding-up etc.) above, 
then any Note may, by written notice addressed by the holder thereof to the Issuer and delivered to the 
Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Paying Agent, be declared immediately due and payable, 
whereupon it shall become immediately due and payable at its Early Termination Amount together with 
accrued interest (if any) without further action or formality. 
(d) 
No other remedy: Subject to applicable laws, no remedy against the Issuer (including the exercise of any 
right of set-off or any analogous event) other than as specifically provided under this Condition 14 
(Events of Default) shall be available to holders of any of the Notes whether for the recovery of amounts 
owing in respect of the Notes or in respect of any breach by the Issuer of any of its obligations in relation 
to the Notes or otherwise. 
15. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal and interest shall become void unless made within ten years (in the case of principal) 
and five years (in the case of interest) of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
16. 
Agents 
The Issuer will act as initial paying agent for the Notes and the name of the Issuer will be included in the 
applicable Final Terms as Paying Agent for the Notes. 
The Issuer is entitled to terminate its role as Paying Agent for the Notes and appoint an additional or 
other Paying Agent, which shall be a reputable financial institution of good standing, in each case under 
the terms of an agency agreement in a form customary in the international capital markets, provided that 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent. The termination of its appointment as Paying Agent shall only 
take effect upon the appointment by the Issuer of a successor Paying Agent. 
The initial Calculation Agent (if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves the 
right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Calculation Agent and to appoint a successor 
Calculation Agent; provided, however, that: if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Calculation Agent. 
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given 
to the Noteholders. 
17. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders contains provisions for convening 
meetings of Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the modification of any 
provision of these Conditions. Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary 
Resolution. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by it upon the request 
in writing of Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Notes. The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be 
two or more Persons holding or representing one more than half of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, two or more Persons being or representing Noteholders 
whatever the principal amount of the Notes held or represented; provided, however, that Reserved 
Matters may only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at 
which two or more Persons holding or representing not less than three-quarters or, at any adjourned 
meeting, one quarter of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes form a quorum. Any 
Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders, 
whether present or not. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the time being are 
entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as if it were an Extraordinary 
Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the 
same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modification: The Notes and these Conditions may be amended without the consent of the Noteholders 
to correct a manifest error. In addition, the Issuer may not effect, without the consent of the Noteholders, 
any such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, it is made to correct a manifest 
error or it is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders.

--- Page 82 ---
10287112522-v13 
80 
47-41075186 
 
In addition, (i) In the case of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, if at any time a MREL 
Disqualification Event or, if Variation for an Alignment Event is indicated as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, an Alignment Event occurs or (ii) in the case of all Notes, in order to ensure the effectiveness 
and enforceability of Condition 23 (Contractual Recognition of Bail-in Powers), then the Issuer may, 
subject to giving any notice required to be given to, and receiving any consent required from, the 
Regulatory Authority (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the relevant 
Notes of that Series) and having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Paying Agent, 
Monte Titoli and the holders of the Notes of that Series, at any time vary the terms of such Notes so that 
they remain or, as appropriate, become Qualifying Senior Notes, Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
or Qualifying Subordinated Notes, as applicable, provided that such variation does not itself give rise to 
any right of the Issuer to redeem the varied securities. 
For the purposes of this Condition 17(b), "Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes" means securities 
issued by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23 (Contractual 
Recognition of Bail-in Powers), have terms not materially less favourable to a holder of the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the terms of the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and they shall also (A) contain terms which at such time result in 
such securities being eligible to count towards fulfilment of the Issuer's and/or the Group's (as 
applicable) minimum requirements for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities under the then 
applicable MREL Requirements; (B) include a ranking at least equal to that of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes; (C) have at least the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as 
those from time to time applying to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; (D) have the same 
redemption rights as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; and (E) are assigned (or maintain) the 
same or higher solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
immediately prior to such variation; (F) continue to constitute legal, valid, binding and 
enforceable obligations of the Issuer as confirmed by a legal opinion addressed to the Issuer 
from a lawyer or firm of lawyers of recognized standing in the jurisdiction where the Issuer is 
incorporated, delivered to the Paying Agent which shall make it available to the Noteholders at 
its Specified Office; and 
(ii) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Senior Non-Preferred Notes were listed 
immediately prior to such variation. 
For the purposes of this Condition 17(b), "Qualifying Senior Notes" means securities issued by the 
Issuer that: 
(i) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23 (Contractual 
Recognition of Bail-in Powers), have terms not materially less favourable to a holder of the 
Senior Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the terms of the Senior Notes, and 
they shall also (A) contain terms which at such time result in such securities being eligible to 
count towards fulfilment of the Issuer's and/or the Group's (as applicable) minimum 
requirements for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities under the then applicable MREL 
Requirements; (B) include a ranking at least equal to that of the Senior Notes; (C) have at least 
the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying 
to the Senior Notes; (D) have the same redemption rights as the Senior Notes; and (E) are 
assigned (or maintain) the same or higher solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the Senior 
Notes immediately prior to such variation; (F) continue to constitute legal, valid, binding and 
enforceable obligations of the Issuer as confirmed by a legal opinion addressed to the Issuer 
from a lawyer or firm of lawyers of recognized standing in the jurisdiction where the Issuer is 
incorporated, delivered to the Paying Agent which shall make it available to the Noteholders at 
its Specified Office; and 
(ii) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Senior Notes were listed immediately prior to 
such variation. 
For the purposes of this Condition 17(b), "Qualifying Subordinated Notes" means securities issued by 
the Issuer that: 
(i) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23 (Contractual 
Recognition of Bail-in Powers), have terms not materially less favourable to a holder of the

--- Page 83 ---
10287112522-v13 
81 
47-41075186 
 
Subordinated Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the terms of the Subordinated 
Notes, and they shall also (A) comply with the then current requirements of the Applicable 
Banking Regulations in relation to Tier II Capital; (B) include a ranking at least equal to that of 
the Subordinated Notes; (C) have at least the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment 
Dates as those from time to time applying to the Subordinated Notes; (D) have the same 
redemption rights as the Subordinated Notes; and (E) are assigned (or maintain) the same or 
higher solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the Subordinated Notes immediately prior to 
such variation; (F) continue to constitute legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligations of the 
Issuer as confirmed by a legal opinion addressed to the Issuer from a lawyer or firm of lawyers 
of recognized standing in the jurisdiction where the Issuer is incorporated, delivered to the 
Paying Agent which shall make it available to the Noteholders at its Specified Office; and 
(ii) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Subordinated Notes were listed immediately 
prior to such variation. 
Any variation of the Conditions to give effect to the Benchmark Amendments in accordance with 
Condition 9(j) shall not require the consent or approval of Noteholders. 
18. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders, create and issue further notes 
having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the Issue 
Price, the Issue Date, the Interest Commencement Date and/or the first payment of interest) so as to form 
a single series with the Notes. 
19. 
Notices 
For so long as the Notes are held through Monte Titoli, all notices regarding the Notes will be deemed 
to be validly given if published through the systems of Monte Titoli, and (if and for so long as the Notes 
are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and listed on the Official 
List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and for so long as the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
so require) either on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) or in a daily 
newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg. It is expected that any such publication in a newspaper 
will be made in the Luxemburger Wort or the Tageblatt. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly 
published in a manner which complies with the rules of any other stock exchange or other relevant 
authority on which the Issuer has made application for the Notes to be listed or admitted to trading 
including publication on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority if required by 
those rules. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication or, 
where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all 
required newspapers. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same with the Paying 
Agent. 
20. 
Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or any order or judgment given or made in relation 
thereto has to be converted from the currency (the "first currency") in which the same is payable under 
these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency (the "second currency") for the 
purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, (b) obtaining an order or judgment in 
any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment given or made in relation to the Notes, 
the Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder, on the written demand of such Noteholder addressed to the 
Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Paying Agent, against any loss suffered 
as a result of any discrepancy between (i) the rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum 
in question from the first currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which 
such Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business purchase the first currency with the second 
currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any such order, judgment, 
claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise to a 
separate and independent cause of action.

--- Page 84 ---
10287112522-v13 
82 
47-41075186 
 
21. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per 
cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting 
from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all 
Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the next 
lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in or 
resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 
0.005 being rounded upwards. 
22. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes, are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with Italian law. 
(b) 
Italian courts: The courts of Rome have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a "Dispute") arising 
out of or in connection with the Notes (including a dispute relating to the existence, validity or 
termination of the Notes or any non-contractual obligation arising out of or in connection with the Notes) 
or the consequences of their nullity. 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: The Issuer agrees that the courts of Rome are the most appropriate and convenient 
courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary. 
(d) 
Rights of the Noteholders to take proceedings outside Italy: Condition 22(b) (Italian courts) is for the 
benefit of the Noteholders only. To the extent allowed by law, any Noteholder may take (i) proceedings 
relating to a Dispute ("Proceedings") in any other courts in any Permitted Jurisdiction and (ii) concurrent 
Proceedings in any number of Permitted Jurisdictions. 
23. 
Contractual Recognition of Bail-In Powers 
(a) 
By the acquisition of the Notes, each Noteholder acknowledges and agrees to be bound by the exercise 
of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority that may result in the write-down or 
cancellation of all or a portion of the principal amount of, or distributions on, the Notes and/or the 
conversion of all or a portion of the principal amount of, or distributions on, the Notes into ordinary 
shares or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, including by means of a variation to the terms 
of the Notes to give effect to the exercise by the Relevant Resolution Authority of such Bail-in Power. 
Each Noteholder further agrees that the rights of the Noteholders are subject to, and will be varied if 
necessary so as to give effect to, the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
(b) 
Upon the Issuer being informed or notified by the Relevant Resolution Authority of the actual exercise 
of the date from which the Bail-in Power is effective with respect to the Notes, the Issuer shall notify the 
Noteholders without delay. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to give notice shall not affect the validity 
and enforceability of the Bail-in Power nor the effects on the Notes described in this clause. 
(c) 
The exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes shall 
not constitute an Event of Default and the terms and conditions of the Notes shall continue to apply in 
relation to the residual principal amount of, or outstanding amount payable with respect to, the Notes 
subject to any modification of the amount of distributions payable to reflect the reduction of the principal 
amount, and any further modification of the terms that the Relevant Resolution Authority may decide in 
accordance with applicable laws and regulations relating to the resolution of credit institutions, 
investment firms and/or Group Entities incorporated in the relevant Member State. 
(d) 
Each Noteholder also acknowledges and agrees that this provision is exhaustive on the matters described 
herein to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings relating to the 
application of any Bail-in Power to the Notes. 
(e) 
As used in this Condition: 
"Bail-in Power" means any statutory write-down and/or conversion power existing from time to time 
under any laws, regulations, rules or requirements relating to the resolution of credit institutions, 
investment firms and/or Group Entities incorporated in the relevant Member State in effect and 
applicable in the relevant Member State to the Issuer or other Group Entities, including (but not limited

--- Page 85 ---
10287112522-v13 
83 
47-41075186 
 
to) any such laws, regulations, rules or requirements that are implemented, adopted or enacted within the 
context of any European Union directive or regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council 
establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms 
and/or within the context of a relevant Member State resolution regime or otherwise, pursuant to which 
liabilities of a credit institution, investment firm and/or any Group Entities can be reduced, cancelled 
and/or converted into shares or obligations of the obligor or any other person. 
"Group Entity" means the Issuer or any legal person that is part of the Group. 
"Relevant Resolution Authority" means the Italian resolution authority, the Single Resolution Board 
(SRB) established pursuant to the SRM Regulation and/or any other authority entitled to exercise or 
participate in the exercise of any Resolution Power or Bail-in Power from time to time. 
"Resolution Power" means any statutory write-down, transfer and/or conversion power existing from 
time to time under any laws regulations, rules or requirements relating to the resolution of the Issuer or 
any other entities of the Group, including but not limited to any laws, regulations, rules or requirements 
implementing the BRRD and/or the SRM Regulation.

--- Page 86 ---
10287112522-v13 
84 
47-41075186 
 
APPENDIX 1 TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
PROVISIONS FOR MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS 
1 
GENERAL 
Each Meeting of Noteholders of a specific Series of Notes under the Programme is governed by these 
Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders (the "Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders"). 
These Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders shall remain in force and effect until full repayment or 
cancellation of all the Notes issued under the Programme. 
The contents of these Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders are deemed to be an integral part of each 
Note issued by the Issuer from time to time under the Programme. 
The contents of these Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders are subject to any mandatory provisions of 
Italian law (including, without limitation, those set out in the Financial Services Act) and the Issuer's By-
Laws in force from time to time. 
2 
DEFINITIONS 
Unless otherwise provided in these Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders, any capitalised term shall 
have the meaning attributed to it in the Conditions. 
Any reference herein to an "Article" shall be a reference to an article of these Provisions for Meetings 
of Noteholders. Any reference herein to a "Series" of Notes shall be a reference, in the case of a Meeting 
of the Noteholders, to the Notes of the same Series issued under the Programme in relation to which the 
Meeting is convened. 
In these Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders, the terms below shall have the following meaning: 
"Block Voting Instruction" means, in relation to any Meeting, a document requested by any Noteholder 
and issued by the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holder, delivered to the Paying Agent: 
(a) 
certifying that certain specified Notes (the "Blocked Notes") are blocked in an account with the 
relevant Monte Titoli Account Holder and will not be released until the earlier of: 
(i) 
the conclusion of the Meeting; and 
(ii) 
the surrender to the Paying Agent, not less than 48 hours before the time fixed for the 
Meeting (or, if the Meeting has been adjourned, the time fixed for its resumption), of 
the receipt for the blocked Notes and notification thereof by the Paying Agent to the 
Issuer; 
(b) 
certifying that the holder of each Blocked Note or a duly authorised person on its behalf has 
instructed that the votes attributable to such Blocked Note are to be cast in a particular way on 
each resolution to be put to the Meeting and that, during the period of 48 hours before the time 
fixed for the Meeting, such instructions may not be amended or revoked; 
(c) 
listing the total number of the Blocked Notes, distinguishing for each resolution between those 
in respect of which instructions have been given to vote for, or against, the resolution; and 
(d) 
authorising a named individual or individuals to vote in respect of the Blocked Notes in 
accordance with such instructions; 
"Chairman" means, in relation to any Meeting, the individual who takes the chair in accordance with 
paragraph 8 (Chairman); 
"Extraordinary Resolution" means a resolution passed at a Meeting duly convened and held in 
accordance with this Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders by a majority of not less that three quarters 
of the votes cast; 
"Meeting" means a meeting of Noteholders (whether originally convened or resumed following an 
adjournment); 
"Proxy" means, in relation to any Meeting, a person appointed to vote under a Block Voting Instruction 
other than:

--- Page 87 ---
10287112522-v13 
85 
47-41075186 
 
(a) 
any such person whose appointment has been revoked and in relation to whom the Paying Agent 
has been notified in writing of such revocation by the time which is 48 hours before the time 
fixed for such Meeting; and 
(b) 
any such person appointed to vote at a Meeting which has been adjourned for want of a quorum 
and who has not been re-appointed to vote at the Meeting when it is resumed; 
"Relevant Fraction" means: 
(a) 
for all business other than voting on an Extraordinary Resolution, one tenth; 
(b) 
for voting on any Extraordinary Resolution other than one relating to a Reserved Matter, one 
more than half; and 
(c) 
for voting on any Extraordinary Resolution relating to a Reserved Matter, three quarters; 
provided, however, that, in the case of a Meeting which has resumed after adjournment for want of a 
quorum it means: 
(i) 
for all business other than voting on an Extraordinary Resolution relating to a Reserved 
Matter, the fraction of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes 
represented or held by the Voters actually present at the Meeting; and 
(ii) 
for voting on any Extraordinary Resolution relating to a Reserved Matter, one quarter; 
"Reserved Matter" means any proposal: 
(a) 
to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes, to reduce 
or cancel the amount of principal or interest payable on any date in respect of the Notes or to 
alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes on redemption 
or maturity or the date for any such payment; 
(b) 
to effect the exchange or substitution of the Notes for, or the conversion of the Notes into, 
shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other person or body 
corporate formed or to be formed; 
(c) 
to change the currency in which amounts due in respect of the Notes are payable; 
(d) 
to change the quorum required at any Meeting or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary 
Resolution; or 
(e) 
to amend this definition; 
"Voter" means, in relation to any Meeting, the bearer of a Voting Certificate or a Proxy; 
"Voting Certificate" means, in relation to any Meeting, a certificate issued by the relevant Monte Titoli 
Account Holder in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, in which it is stated: 
(a) 
that certain specified Notes (the "Blocked Notes") have been blocked in an account with the 
relevant Monte Titoli Account Holder and will not be released until the earlier of: 
(i) 
the conclusion of the Meeting; and 
(ii) 
the surrender of such certificate to the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holder and the 
notification of release thereof to the Issuer; and 
(b) 
that the bearer of such certificate is entitled to attend and vote at the Meeting in respect of the 
Blocked Notes; 
"Written Resolution" means a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all holders of Notes who 
for the time being are entitled to receive notice of a Meeting in accordance with the provisions of this 
Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders, whether contained in one document or several documents in the 
same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more such holders of the Notes; 
"24 hours" means a period of 24 hours including all or part of a day upon which banks are open for 
business in both the places where the relevant Meeting is to be held and in each of the places where the 
Paying Agent have its Specified Offices (disregarding for this purpose the day upon which such Meeting 
is to be held) and such period shall be extended by one period or, to the extent necessary, more periods

--- Page 88 ---
10287112522-v13 
86 
47-41075186 
 
of 24 hours until there is included as aforesaid all or part of a day upon which banks are open for business 
as aforesaid; and 
"48 hours" means 2 consecutive periods of 24 hours. 
3 
ISSUE OF VOTING CERTIFICATES AND BLOCK VOTING INSTRUCTIONS 
The holder of a Note may obtain a Voting Certificate from the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holder or 
require the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holder to issue a Block Voting Instruction in respect of such 
Note, in each case not later than 48 hours before the time fixed for the relevant Meeting. A Voting 
Certificate or Block Voting Instruction shall be valid until the release of the Blocked Notes to which it 
relates. So long as a Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction is valid, the bearer thereof (in the 
case of a Voting Certificate) or any Proxy named therein (in the case of a Block Voting Instruction) shall 
be deemed to be the holder of the Notes to which it relates for all purposes in connection with the 
Meeting. A Voting Certificate and a Block Voting Instruction cannot be outstanding simultaneously in 
respect of the same Note. 
4 
REFERENCES TO DEPOSIT/RELEASE OF NOTES 
References to the blocking or release, of Notes shall be construed in accordance with the usual practices 
(including blocking the relevant account) of the relevant clearing system. 
5 
VALIDITY OF BLOCK VOTING INSTRUCTIONS 
A Block Voting Instruction shall be valid only if it is deposited at the Specified Office of the Paying 
Agent, or at some other place approved by the Paying Agent, at least 24 hours before the time fixed for 
the relevant Meeting or the Chairman decides otherwise before the Meeting proceeds to business. If the 
Paying Agent requires, a notarised copy of each Block Voting Instruction and satisfactory proof of the 
identity of each Proxy named therein shall be produced at the Meeting, but the Paying Agent shall not 
be obliged to investigate the validity of any Block Voting Instruction or the authority of any Proxy. 
6 
CONVENING OF MEETING 
The Issuer may convene a Meeting at any time, and shall be obliged to do so upon the request in writing 
of Noteholders holding not less than one tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 
Notes. 
7 
NOTICE 
At least 21 days' notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is given and of the day on which the 
relevant Meeting is to be held) specifying the date, time and place of the Meeting shall be given to the 
Noteholders and the Paying Agents (with a copy to the Issuer). The notice shall set out the full text of 
any resolutions to be proposed and shall state that the Notes may be blocked in an account with the 
relevant Monte Titoli Account Holder for the purpose of obtaining Voting Certificates or appointing 
Proxies not later than 48 hours before the time fixed for the Meeting. 
8 
CHAIRMAN 
An individual (who may, but need not, be a Noteholder) nominated in writing by the Issuer may take the 
chair at any Meeting but, if no such nomination is made or if the individual nominated is not present 
within 15 minutes after the time fixed for the Meeting, those present shall elect one of themselves to take 
the chair failing which, the Issuer may appoint a Chairman. The Chairman of an adjourned Meeting need 
not be the same person as was the Chairman of the original Meeting. 
9 
QUORUM 
The quorum at any Meeting shall be at least one Voter representing or holding not less than the Relevant 
Fraction of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes. 
10 
ADJOURNMENT FOR WANT OF QUORUM 
If within 15 minutes after the time fixed for any Meeting a quorum is not present, then: 
(a) 
in the case of a Meeting requested by Noteholders, it shall be dissolved; and

--- Page 89 ---
10287112522-v13 
87 
47-41075186 
 
(b) 
in the case of any other Meeting, it shall be adjourned for such period (which shall be not less 
than 14 days and not more than 42 days) and to such place as the Chairman determines; 
provided, however, that: 
(i) 
the Meeting shall be dissolved if the Issuer so decides; and 
(ii) 
no Meeting may be adjourned more than once for want of a quorum. 
11 
ADJOURNED MEETING 
The Chairman may, with the consent of (and shall if directed by) any Meeting, adjourn such Meeting 
from time to time and from place to place, but no business shall be transacted at any adjourned Meeting 
except business which might lawfully have been transacted at the Meeting from which the adjournment 
took place. 
12 
NOTICE FOLLOWING ADJOURNMENT 
Paragraph 7 (Notice) shall apply to any Meeting which is to be resumed after adjournment for want of a 
quorum save that: 
(a) 
10 days' notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is given and of the day on which the 
Meeting is to be resumed) shall be sufficient; and 
(b) 
the notice shall specifically set out the quorum requirements which will apply when the Meeting 
resumes. 
It shall not be necessary to give notice of the resumption of a Meeting which has been adjourned for any 
other reason. 
13 
PARTICIPATION 
The following may attend and speak at a Meeting: 
(a) 
Voters; 
(b) 
representatives of the Issuer and the Paying Agent; 
(c) 
the financial advisers of the Issuer; 
(d) 
the legal counsel to the Issuer and the Paying Agent; and 
(e) 
any other person approved by the Meeting. 
14 
SHOW OF HANDS 
Every question submitted to a Meeting shall be decided in the first instance by a show of hands. Unless 
a poll is validly demanded before or at the time that the result is declared, the Chairman's declaration that 
on a show of hands a resolution has been passed, passed by a particular majority, rejected or rejected by 
a particular majority shall be conclusive, without proof of the number of votes cast for, or against, the 
resolution. Where there is only one Voter, this paragraph shall not apply and the resolution will 
immediately be decided by means of a poll. 
15 
POLL 
A demand for a poll shall be valid if it is made by the Chairman, the Issuer or one or more Voters 
representing or holding not less than one fiftieth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 
Notes. The poll may be taken immediately or after such adjournment as the Chairman directs, but any 
poll demanded on the election of the Chairman or on any question of adjournment shall be taken at the 
Meeting without adjournment. A valid demand for a poll shall not prevent the continuation of the relevant 
Meeting for any other business as the Chairman directs. 
16 
VOTES 
Every Voter shall have: 
(a) 
on a show of hands, one vote; and

--- Page 90 ---
10287112522-v13 
88 
47-41075186 
 
(b) 
on a poll, the number of votes obtained by dividing that fraction of the aggregate principal 
amount of the outstanding Note(s) represented or held by him by the unit of currency in which 
the Notes are denominated. 
In the case of a voting tie the Chairman shall have a casting vote. 
Unless the terms of any Block Voting Instruction state otherwise, a Voter shall not be obliged to exercise 
all the votes to which he is entitled or to cast all the votes which he exercises in the same way. 
17 
VALIDITY OF VOTES BY PROXIES 
Any vote by a Proxy in accordance with the relevant Block Voting Instruction shall be valid even if such 
Block Voting Instruction or any instruction pursuant to which it was given has been amended or revoked, 
provided that the Paying Agent has not been notified in writing of such amendment or revocation by the 
time which is 48 hours before the time fixed for the relevant Meeting. Unless revoked, any appointment 
of a Proxy under a Block Voting Instruction in relation to a Meeting shall remain in force in relation to 
any resumption of such Meeting following an adjournment; provided, however, that, unless the Block 
Voting Instructions specify otherwise, no such appointment of a Proxy in relation to a Meeting originally 
convened which has been adjourned for want of a quorum shall remain in force in relation to such 
Meeting when it is resumed and any person appointed to vote at such a Meeting must be re-appointed 
under a further Block Voting Instruction to vote at the Meeting when it is resumed. 
18 
POWERS 
A Meeting shall have power (exercisable by Extraordinary Resolution), without prejudice to any other 
powers conferred on it or any other person: 
(a) 
to approve any Reserved Matter; 
(b) 
to approve any proposal by the Issuer for any modification, abrogation, variation or compromise 
of any of the Conditions or any arrangement in respect of the obligations of the Issuer under or 
in respect of the Notes; 
(c) 
to approve the substitution of any person for the Issuer (or any previous substitute) as principal 
obligor under the Notes; 
(d) 
to waive any breach or authorise any proposed breach by the Issuer of its obligations under or 
in respect of the Notes or any act or omission which might otherwise constitute an event of 
default under the Notes; 
(e) 
to authorise the Paying Agent or any other person to execute all documents and do all things 
necessary to give effect to any Extraordinary Resolution; 
(f) 
to give any other authorisation or approval which is required to be given by Extraordinary 
Resolution; and 
(g) 
to appoint any persons as a committee to represent the interests of the Noteholders and to confer 
upon such committee any powers which the Noteholders could themselves exercise by 
Extraordinary Resolution. 
19 
EXTRAORDINARY RESOLUTION BINDS ALL HOLDERS 
An Extraordinary Resolution shall be binding upon all Noteholders whether or not present at such 
Meeting and each of the Noteholders shall be bound to give effect to it accordingly. Notice of the result 
of every vote on an Extraordinary Resolution shall be given to the Noteholders and the Paying Agents 
(with a copy to the Issuer) within 14 days of the conclusion of the Meeting. 
20 
MINUTES 
Minutes shall be made of all resolutions and proceedings at each Meeting. The Chairman shall sign the 
minutes, which shall be prima facie evidence of the proceedings recorded therein. Unless and until the 
contrary is proved, every such Meeting in respect of the proceedings of which minutes have been 
summarised and signed shall be deemed to have been duly convened and held and all resolutions passed 
or proceedings transacted at it to have been duly passed and transacted.

--- Page 91 ---
10287112522-v13 
89 
47-41075186 
 
21 
WRITTEN RESOLUTION 
A Written Resolution shall take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution.

--- Page 92 ---
10287112522-v13 
90 
47-41075186 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Notes will be substantially in the following form, duly completed 
to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. Unless otherwise specified, the term "Terms 
and Conditions" or "Conditions" shall refer to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and any reference to a 
"Condition" shall be to a Condition under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU 
MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the "EU Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565, as amended, as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") to implement the 
EU Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014, as amended, as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by the EU PRIIPs Regulation as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
[EU MiFID II product governance / target market – solely for the purposes of each manufacturer's product 
approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) 
all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]  
[UK MiFIR product governance / target market - solely for the purposes of each manufacturer's product 
approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any distributor (as 
defined above) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the COBS is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]

--- Page 93 ---
10287112522-v13 
91 
47-41075186 
 
Final Terms dated [●] 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) 81560064085A02B2B297 
MEDIOCREDITO CENTRALE - BANCA DEL MEZZOGIORNO S.p.A. 
Issue of [Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €1,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A– CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions set forth 
in the Base Prospectus dated 2 August 2024 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [●]][, which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 
8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented].] 
Full information on the Issuers and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these 
Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [and the supplement dated [●]]. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement] 
[is/are] available for viewing at the registered office[s] of the Issuers at [●]. The Base Prospectus [and the 
supplement] and, in the case of Notes admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, the 
applicable Final Terms will also be published on the website of website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com).] 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the 
sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for 
completing the Final Terms.) 
1. 
a) 
Series Number: 
 
[●] 
 
b) 
Tranche Number: 
 
[●] 
2. 
If the Notes are fungible with an existing 
Series: 
 
 
 
a) 
Details of existing Series: 
 
[The Notes are to be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] issued by the 
Issuer on [issue dates of earlier Tranches] (the 
"Existing Notes") / Not Applicable] 
 
b) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
 
[Issue Date / Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
 
[●] 
4. 
Aggregate Principal Amount: 
 
 
 
a) 
Series: 
 
[●] 
 
b) 
Tranche: 
 
[●] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
 
a) 
Specified Denominations: 
(as referred to in Condition 3 (Form, 
Denomination and Title)) 
 
[●] [and integral multiples of [●] in excess thereof]. 
(The minimum denomination of Notes is €100,000 (or, 
if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than 
euro, the equivalent amount of such currency as at the 
Issue Date). In the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
Notes must have a minimum denomination of €150,000 
(or equivalent); in the case of Subordinated Notes,

--- Page 94 ---
10287112522-v13 
92 
47-41075186 
 
Notes must have a minimum denomination of €200,000 
(or equivalent), or such other minimum denomination 
provided by applicable law from time to time) 
 
b) 
Calculation Amount: 
(as referred to in Conditions 8(d) 
(Calculation of Interest Amount) and 
9(f) 
(Calculation 
of 
Interest 
Amount)) 
 
[●] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor. There 
must be a common factor in the case of two or more 
Specified Denominations.) 
 
a) 
Issue Date: 
 
[●] 
 
b) 
Interest Commencement Date (if 
different from the Issue Date): 
 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
6. 
Maturity Date: 
 
[The Interest Payment Date] [●] (For Floating Rate 
Notes, specify the relevant month and year. Otherwise, 
specify a date.) 
 
 
 
(Subordinated Notes must have a minimum maturity of 
five years.) 
 
 
 
(If the Maturity Date is less than one year from the Issue 
Date and either (a) the issue proceeds are received by 
the Issuer in the United Kingdom or (b) the activity of 
issuing the Notes is carried on from an establishment 
maintained by the Issuer in the United Kingdom, (i) the 
Notes must have a minimum redemption value of 
£100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and be 
sold only to "professional investors" or (ii) another 
applicable exemption from section 19 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 must be available.) 
7. 
Interest Basis: 
(as referred to in Conditions 8 (Fixed Rate 
Note Provisions), 9 (Floating Rate Note 
Provisions) and 10 (Zero Coupon Note 
Provisions)) 
 
[[●] per cent Fixed Rate [subject to resetting on [the / 
each] Reset Date]] / 
[[Specify Reference Rate] +/- [●] per cent Floating 
Rate] / 
[Fixed to Floating Rate Note Provisions] / 
[Floating to Fixed Rate Note Provisions] / 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further 
particulars 
specified 
in 
paragraph 
[12/13/14/15/16] below) 
8. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
 
[Applicable (see paragraph [12 (Fixed to Floating Rate 
Note Provisions) / 13 (Floating to Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions)] / Not Applicable)] 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis 
 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [[●]/[100]] per cent. of their principal amount. 
10. 
Put/Call Options: 
(as 
referred 
to 
in 
Conditions 
11(c) 
(Redemption for regulatory reasons) to (h) 
(Issuer Call Due to a MREL Disqualification 
Event)) and Condition 11(n) (Clean-up 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer) 
 
[Investor Put 
(further particulars specified in paragraph 19 below)] / 
[Issuer Call 
(further particulars specified in paragraph 17 below)] / 
[Redemption for regulatory reasons 
(further particulars specified in paragraph 18 below)] 
[Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification Event 
(further particulars specified in paragraph 20 below)]

--- Page 95 ---
10287112522-v13 
93 
47-41075186 
 
[Clean-up Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(further particulars specified in paragraph 21 below)] 
[Not Applicable] 
11. 
Status of the Notes: 
 
[Senior/Senior Non-Preferred/Subordinated] Notes 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
12. 
Fixed to Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(as referred to in Condition 7(b) 
(Fixed to Floating Rate Note Provisions)) 
 
[Applicable. See also paragraphs 14 (Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions) 
and 
15 
(Floating 
Rate 
Note 
Provisions) / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
a) 
Switch Option: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
b) 
Switch Option Exercise Period: 
 
[(Insert start and end dates or specify maximum and 
minimum number of days prior to Switch Date. The end 
date must be at least 15 days prior to the Switch Date) / 
Not Applicable] 
 
c) 
Switch Date(s): 
 
[Subject to exercise of the Switch Option] [●] 
(Delete the reference to the Switch Option if sub-
paragraph a) above is not applicable) 
13. 
Floating to Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(as referred to in Condition 7(c) 
(Floating to Fixed Rate Note Provisions)) 
 
[Applicable. See also paragraphs 14 (Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions) and 15 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) 
/ Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
a) 
Switch Option: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
b) 
Switch Option Exercise Period: 
 
[(Insert start and end dates or specify maximum and 
minimum number of days prior to Switch Date. The end 
date must be at least 15 days prior to the Switch Date) / 
Not Applicable] 
 
c) 
Switch Date(s): 
 
[Subject to exercise of the Switch Option] / [●] 
(Delete the reference to the Switch Option if sub-
paragraph a) above is not applicable) 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(as referred to in Condition 8 
(Fixed Rate Note Provisions)) 
 
[Applicable / [Applicable in respect of the Fixed Rate 
Interest Period[s] (Only use this wording if the Fixed to 
Floating or Floating to Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
apply)] / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear, subject to 
resetting on [the / each] Reset Date] 
 
b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
 
[●] in each year [adjusted in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention] (N.B. This will need to be 
amended in the case of any long or short coupons.) 
 
c) 
Business Day Convention: 
 
[Floating Rate Convention/FRN Convention/ 
Eurodollar Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/ 
Modified Following Business Day Convention/

--- Page 96 ---
10287112522-v13 
94 
47-41075186 
 
Preceding Business Day Convention/ 
No adjustment] 
 
d) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
 
[Not 
Applicable / Applicable 
(indicate 
relevant 
city/cities)] 
 
e) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
f) 
Broken Amount(s): 
 
[[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on [the Interest 
Payment 
Date 
falling 
in] 
[●] /  
Not Applicable] 
 
g) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]/ 
[Actual/365]/[Actual/Actual (ISDA)]/ 
[Actual/365(Fixed)]/ 
[Actual/360]/ 
[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis]/ 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis]/ 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
h) 
Fixed note resetting provisions: 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining text of this sub-
paragraph g)) 
 
– Reset Date(s): 
 
[●] 
 
– Mid-Swap Rate: 
 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate / Mean Mid-Swap Rate] 
 
– Mid-Swap Maturity: 
 
[●] 
 
– Relevant Screen Page: 
 
[●] 
 
– Margin(s): 
 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
– Reference Rate: 
 
[Specify reference rate. For example, EURIBOR] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(as referred to in Condition 9 (Floating Rate 
Note Provisions)) 
 
[Applicable / [Applicable in respect of the Floating Rate 
Interest Period[s] (Only use this wording if the Fixed to 
Floating or Floating to Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
apply)] / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph.) 
 
a) 
Specified Period(s): 
 
[Not Applicable / (Specify period)] 
("Specified Period" and "Interest Payment Dates" are 
alternatives. A Specified Period, rather than Interest 
Payment Dates, will only be relevant if the Business Day 
Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention. Otherwise, 
insert "Not Applicable") 
 
b) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
 
[Not Applicable / (Specify dates)] 
("Specified Period" and "Interest Payment Dates" are 
alternatives. If the Business Day Convention is the FRN 
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention, insert "Not Applicable". Otherwise, specify 
the dates.) 
 
c) 
Business Day Convention: 
 
[Floating Rate Convention/FRN Convention/ 
Eurodollar Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/ 
Modified Following Business Day Convention/

--- Page 97 ---
10287112522-v13 
95 
47-41075186 
 
Preceding Business Day Convention/ 
No adjustment] 
 
d) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
 
[Not 
Applicable / Applicable 
(indicate 
relevant 
city/cities)] 
 
e) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
f) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Paying Agent): 
 
[[Name] shall be the Calculation Agent / Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify "Not Applicable" if the Paying Agent is to 
perform this function) 
 
g) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
[Applicable 
/ 
Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining text of this sub-
paragraph g).) 
 
– Reference Rate: 
 
[Specify reference rate. For example, EURIBOR or 
CMS Rate] 
 
– Relevant Screen Page: 
 
[Specify screen page. For example, Reuters page 
EURIBOR01] 
(Where the CMS Rate is the Reference Rate, specify 
relevant screen page and any applicable headings and 
captions) 
 
– Interest Determination Date(s):  
[●] 
(Where the CMS Rate is the Reference Rate and the 
Reference Currency is euro): [Second day on which the 
T2 System is open prior to the start of each Interest 
Period] 
(Where the CMS Rate is the Reference Rate and the 
Reference Currency is other than euro): [Second 
[specify type of day] prior to the start of each Interest 
Period] 
 
– Relevant Time: 
 
[For example, 11.00 a.m. London time/Brussels time] 
 
– Relevant Financial Centre: 
 
[For example, London/Euro-zone (where Euro-zone 
means the region comprised of the countries whose 
lawful currency is the euro)] 
 
– [Reference Currency:] 
(only relevant where the CMS 
Rate is the Reference Rate) 
 
[●] 
 
– [Designated Maturity:] 
(only relevant where the CMS 
Rate is the Reference Rate) 
 
[●] 
 
– [Provisions 
relating 
to 
the 
occurrence of a Regulatory Event 
in case of a Benchmark Event:] 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
h) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining text of this sub-
paragraph h).) 
 
– ISDA Definitions: 
 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
– Floating Rate Option: 
 
[●] (The Floating Rate Option should be selected from 
one of EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (if 2006 ISDA

--- Page 98 ---
10287112522-v13 
96 
47-41075186 
 
Definitions apply) and EUR-EURIBOR (if 2021 ISDA 
Definitions apply) (each as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions). These are the options envisaged by the 
terms and conditions.) 
 
– Designated Maturity: 
 
[●] 
 
– Reset Date: 
 
[●]/[as specified in the ISDA Definitions]/[the first day 
of the relevant Interest Period, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention set out in 
(ii) above and as specified in the ISDA Definitions] 
 
– ISDA Benchmarks Supplement:  
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
i) 
Margin(s): 
 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
 
[Not Applicable]/[●] per cent. per annum 
 
k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
 
[Not Applicable]/[●] per cent. per annum 
 
l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis]/ 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]/ 
[Actual/365]/[Actual/Actual (ISDA)]/ 
[Actual/365(Fixed)]/ 
[Actual/360]/ 
[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis]/ 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
(as referred to in Condition 10 (Zero Coupon 
Note Provisions)) 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
a) 
[Amortisation/Accrual] Yield: 
 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
b) 
Reference Price: 
 
[●] 
 
c) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]/ 
[Actual/365]/[Actual/Actual (ISDA)]/ 
[Actual/365(Fixed)]/ 
[Actual/360]/ 
[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis]/ 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis]/ 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
Call Option 
(as 
referred 
to 
in 
Condition 
11(d) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer)) 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) (Call):  
[●] 
(If the Notes are Subordinated Notes, the Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) must not be earlier than five 
years after the Issue Date.) 
 
b) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
(Call) and method, if any, of 
calculation of such amount(s): 
 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[●] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 99 ---
10287112522-v13 
97 
47-41075186 
 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
18. 
Regulatory Call 
(as 
referred 
to 
in 
Condition 
11(c) 
(Redemption for regulatory reasons)) 
 
[Condition 11(c) is applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes are not Subordinated Notes, insert "Not 
Applicable".) 
19. 
Put Option 
(as referred to in Condition 11(f) (Redemption 
at the option of Noteholders)) 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes are Subordinated Notes, insert "Not 
Applicable". If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) (Put):  
[●] 
 
b) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
(Put) and method, if any, of 
calculation of such amount(s): 
 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
20. 
Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification 
Event: 
 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant in the case of Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes) 
 
(a) 
Notice period for Condition 11(h) 
(Issuer Call Due to a MREL 
Disqualification Event): 
 
[Minimum period: [●] days 
Maximum period: [●] days] 
(Please consider that not less than the minimum period 
nor more than maximum period of notice has to be sent 
to the Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 
19 (Notices), the Noteholders) 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent) 
 
(b) 
Early Redemption Amount payable 
on redemption upon the occurrence 
of a MREL Disqualification Event 
as contemplated by Condition 11(h) 
(Issuer Call Due to a MREL 
Disqualification Event): 
 
[●] per Calculation Amount/[●] 
21. 
Clean-up Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Clean-Up Percentage 
 
[75 per cent. / [●] per cent.] 
 
(b) 
Clean-Up Redemption Amount and 
method, if any, of calculation of 
such amount(s): 
 
[●] per Calculation Amount / [●] 
22. 
Early Redemption Amount / Early Termination Amount 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each Note 
payable on redemption for taxation or 
regulatory reasons or Early Termination 
Amount on event of default and/or the method 
 
[Not Applicable / [●] per Calculation Amount] 
(Select "Not Applicable" if the Early Redemption 
Amount 
(Tax), 
the 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Regulatory Event) and the Early Termination Amount 
are the principal amount of the Notes. Otherwise,

--- Page 100 ---
10287112522-v13 
98 
47-41075186 
 
of calculating the same (if required or if 
different from that set out in the Conditions): 
(as 
referred 
to 
in 
Conditions 
11(b) 
(Redemption for tax reasons) and (c) 
(Redemption for regulatory reasons) and 14 
(Events of Default)) 
specify the Early Redemption Amount (Tax) and/or 
Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory Event) and/or 
the Early Termination Amount if different from the 
principal amount of the Notes) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
23. 
Form of Notes: 
(as referred to in ["Forms of the Notes" on 
pages [●] to [●] of the Base Prospectus]) 
 
Dematerialised Notes held by Monte Titoli on behalf of 
the beneficial owners, until redemption or cancellation 
thereof, for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli 
Account Holders 
24 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to Payment Dates: 
(as referred to in the definition of "Payment 
Business Day" in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) 
and described in Condition 12(c) (Payments 
on business days)) 
 
[Not Applicable/indicate relevant city/cities] 
(Note that this item relates to the date and place of 
payment, and not interest period end dates, to which 
items 16(iv) and 17(iv) relate.) 
25. 
Variation for an Alignment Event 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 101 ---
10287112522-v13 
99 
47-41075186 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
 
By: 
………………………………………………... 
Duly authorised

--- Page 102 ---
10287112522-v13 
100 
47-41075186 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
a) 
Listing: 
 
[Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange /  
[●] (specify other place of listing) /  
Not Applicable] 
 
b) 
Admission to trading: 
 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on the [regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange / [●] (specify other securities market)] with effect 
from [●]] / [Not Applicable.] 
[The Existing Notes are already admitted to trading on the 
[regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange / [●]] 
(specify other securities market).] (Insert wording in this 
second sub-paragraph only if the Notes are fungible with an 
existing Series and are admitted to trading on a securities 
market.) 
 
c) 
Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
 
[Specify 
amount] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify 
"Not 
Applicable" only if the Notes are not being admitted to 
trading on any EEA regulated market.) 
 
d) 
Trade Date: 
 
[●] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
 
The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected]/[are not 
expected]] to be rated: 
[Standard and Poor's: [●]] 
[Other: [●]] 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider.) 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that 
rating.) 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA and registered under 
the EU CRA Regulation and details of whether rating is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established and 
registered in the UK or certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU 
CRA Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] appears on the latest 
update of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of 
[insert date of most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert legal name 
of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit 
rating agency], which is established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").] /[[ Insert legal name of particular credit

--- Page 103 ---
10287112522-v13 
101 
47-41075186 
 
rating agency entity providing rating] has been certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has not been certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Notes is not 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA, not registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation but has applied for 
registration and details of whether rating is endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established and registered in the UK or 
certified under the CRA Regulation (UK) 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA and has applied 
for registration under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"), although notification 
of the corresponding registration decision has not yet been 
provided by the [relevant competent authority] /[European 
Securities and Markets Authority]. [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of registered credit 
rating agencies (as of [insert date of most recent list]) on the 
ESMA website http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed by 
[insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").] /[[ Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has not been certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Notes is not 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA, not registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation and not applied for 
registration and details of whether rating is endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established and registered in the UK or 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA and is neither 
registered nor has it applied for registration under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of particular credit rating

--- Page 104 ---
10287112522-v13 
102 
47-41075186 
 
agency entity providing rating] appears on the latest update 
of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert 
date of most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert legal name 
of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit 
rating agency], which is established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation (UK)").] /[[ Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has been certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has not been certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Notes is not 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
Option 4 - CRA established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation and details of whether rating is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established and 
registered in the EEA or certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] appears on the latest update 
of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert 
date of most recent list]) on the FCA website: 
https://data.fca.org.uk/#/cra/cradetails. [The rating [Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has given to the Notes to be issued under the 
Programme is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation").] [[ Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] has been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation").] [[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] has not been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Notes is not 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation.] 
Option 5 - CRA not established in the EEA or the UK but 
relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA which is established 
and registered under the CRA Regulation (EU) AND/OR 
under the CRA Regulation (UK)

--- Page 105 ---
10287112522-v13 
103 
47-41075186 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA or the UK but 
the rating it has given to the Notes to be issued under the 
Programme is endorsed by [[insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation")][and][[insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic 
law of the United Kingdom virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation")]. 
Option 6 - CRA not established in the EEA or the UK and 
relevant rating is not endorsed under the EU CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation but is certified under 
the EU CRA Regulation AND/OR under the UK CRA 
Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA or the UK but 
is certified under [Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation")][and][ Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation")]. 
Option 7 - CRA neither established in the EEA or the UK 
nor certified under the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA 
Regulation and relevant rating is not endorsed under the 
EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA or the UK and 
is not certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") or Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given 
to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in either the EEA and registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation or in the UK and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation 
3. 
AUTHORISATIONS 
 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
 
[●] [and [●], respectively] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorisation 
is required for the particular tranche of Notes)] 
4. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
[Not Applicable / (give details)] 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the 
following statement: 
"Save for any fees payable to the Dealers and save as discussed in the section of the Base Prospectus entitled 
"Potential Conflict of Interests" under the "General Information" section, so far as the Issuer is aware, no 
person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The Dealers and their affiliates

--- Page 106 ---
10287112522-v13 
104 
47-41075186 
 
have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions 
with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.") 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
5. 
YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
 
[Not Applicable / (Insert percentage)] 
(State "Not Applicable" if the Notes are not Fixed Rate 
Notes.) 
6. 
PERFORMANCE OF RATES (Floating Rate Notes) 
[Details of performance of [EURIBOR/ /CMS Rate/] rates can be obtained, [but not] free of charge, from 
[Reuters/Bloomberg/give details of electronic means of obtaining the details of performance].] [Not 
Applicable] 
7. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
a) 
Reasons for the offer 
 
[●]  
[Hyperlinks to the second party opinion and the Social Bond 
Framework to be included if the Bond is issued as a Social 
Bond] 
 
 
 
[See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base Prospectus. If 
reasons for offer different from making profit general 
corporate purposes (for example for an issuance of a Social 
Bond) will need to include those reasons here.] 
 
b) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
 
[●] 
 
 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to 
split out and present in order of priority. If proceeds 
insufficient to fund all proposed uses state amount and 
sources of other funding.) 
8. 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
 
[Not Applicable / [●] has been extracted from [●]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by 
[●], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
9. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
a) 
Method of distribution: 
 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
b) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers: 
 
[Not applicable/give names] 
 
c) 
Name 
of 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (if any): 
 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
d) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer: 
 
[Not applicable/give name] 
 
e) 
U.S. selling restrictions: 
 
Reg. S compliance category [1/2/3] 
 
f) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
g) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 107 ---
10287112522-v13 
105 
47-41075186 
 
10. 
BENCHMARKS 
 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by 
reference to [EURIBOR/CMS Rate] which is provided by 
[ICE Benchmark Administration. European Money Markets 
Institute/specify other]. As at [insert date] [ICE Benchmark 
Administration. European Money Markets Institute/specify 
other], [appears/does not appear] on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant 
to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
No. 2016/1011) (the "BMR"). 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [●] [does/do] not fall within 
the scope of the BMR by virtue of article 2 of that regulation] 
/ [the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmark 
Regulation apply], such that [●] is not currently required to 
obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the 
European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).] 
11. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(Select one of the two options below if the Notes are fungible with an existing Series.) 
 
ISIN: 
 
[●] 
 
[Common Code:] 
 
[●] 
 
Delivery 
 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than Monte 
Titoli, Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking, société anonyme 
and the relevant identification number(s): 
 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and number(s)] 
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and address(es)] 
 
Objects: 
 
[As set out in Article 3 of its by-laws, the activities of 
Mediocredito Centrale - Banca del Mezzogiorno – S.p.A. are 
mainly aimed at: 
[●] / [●]] 
 
Registered Office 
 
[Viale America 351, 00144 Rome, Italy. / [●]] 
 
Company Registration 
 
[Registered at the Companies' Registry in Rome under 
registration number 00594040586 / [●]] 
 
Amount of paid-up share capital: 
 
Euro [●], consisting of [●] ordinary shares [with a nominal 
value of Euro [●] each]. 
 
Amount of reserves: 
 
Euro [●] 
 
Details of resolution authorising issue: 
 
Resolution dated [●].

--- Page 108 ---
10287112522-v13 
106 
47-41075186 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
An amount corresponding to the net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be used, as indicated in 
the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, relating to the relevant Tranche of Notes, either: 
(i) 
for general funding purposes of the Issuer, or 
(ii) 
to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Social Assets, as defined below. 
In accordance with the ICMA Social Bond Principles (the "ICMA Principles"), only Notes financing or 
refinancing Eligible Social Assets, and complying with the relevant eligibility criteria and any other criteria set 
out in the Social Bond Framework (as defined below) available on the Issuer's website at 
https://www.mcc.it/emissioni/social-framework/ (the "Social Bond Framework") (including as amended, 
restated or otherwise updated on such website from time to time) will be classified as Social Bonds. 
A second party consultant appointed by the Issuer has reviewed the Social Bond Framework and has issued a 
second party opinion assessing the alignment of the Social Bond Framework with the ICMA Principles available 
on the Issuer's website at https://www.mcc.it/emissioni/social-framework/ (the "Second Party Opinion"). 
For the purposes of this section: 
"Eligible Social Assets" means new and/or existing loans/assets identified as such in the Social Bond Framework. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Social Bond Framework and the Second Party Opinion are not, nor shall be 
deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 109 ---
10287112522-v13 
107 
47-41075186 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
OVERVIEW  
The full legal name of the Issuer is Mediocredito Centrale – Banca del Mezzogiorno S.p.A..  
The Issuer is incorporated under Italian law as a joint stock company (società per azioni) with its registered office 
at Viale America no. 351, 00144 - Rome, Italy. Its telephone number is +39 06 47911 and its website is 
www.mcc.it. The information on the website of the Issuer does not form part of this Base Prospectus, unless such 
information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer is a bank enrolled in the companies’ register of Rome with no. 00594040586, Fiscal code no. 
00594040586 and Group VAT no. 16868201001, and enrolled in the register of banks (Albo delle Banche) kept 
by the Bank of Italy with no. 74762.60. It is the parent company (capogruppo) of the banking group Gruppo 
Bancario Mediocredito Centrale, enrolled in the register of banking groups (Albo dei Gruppi Bancari) kept by 
the Bank of Italy with ABI (Associazione Bancaria Italiana) code no. 10680 ("MCC Group" or "Mediocredito 
Centrale Group", comprising: the Issuer, BdM Banca S.p.A. and Cassa di Risparmio di Orvieto S.p.A.).  
The LEI (Legal Entity Identifier) code of MCC is 81560064085A02B2B297. 
MCC was incorporated as a public entity in 1952 pursuant to Law No. 949 of 25 July 1952 (Measures for 
Economic Growth and Increased Employment).  
Under article 2 of its by-laws (statuto), it is authorised to conduct its business until 31 December 2100, with the 
possibility of such term being extended. The corporate purpose of the Issuer, as provided in its by-laws (statuto), 
is to carry out banking activity, as well as any other financial activity within the limits permitted by applicable 
laws and regulations, for the primary purpose of pursuing the objectives set forth under article 2, paragraph 162 
of Italian Law No. 191 of 23 December 2009 and, namely, (i) to increase the offer capacity of the banking and 
financial system in Southern Italy; (ii) to support the most creditworthy business initiatives, affecting the cost of 
procuring the financial resources needed for investments; (iii) to channel savings towards economic initiatives 
that create employment in Southern Italy. In particular, the Issuer (a) carries out the activities defined in article 2, 
paragraph 169 of Law No. 191 of 23 December 2009; (b) promotes, according to market logic, criteria and 
conditions, the development of financial and investment activities, also in support of the companies and the 
employment of Southern Italy, in the manner and with the financial means provided for under article 1, paragraph 
1, of Law Decree No. 142 of 16 December 2019, converted into Law No. 5 of 7 February 2020, as amended; (c) 
operates as a guarantee bank in Southern Italy, also in favour of collective credit guarantee consortia (consorzi di 
garanzia collettiva dei fidi) and in support of the latter’s activities; and (d) carries out management and 
disbursement of public subsidies, including advance payments of contributions. The Issuer, in compliance with 
applicable laws and regulations, may acquire equity interests in Italy and abroad, as well as perform all banking 
services, strumental activities and, in general, any operation connected to its corporate purpose or useful for 
achieving it. 
The Issuer has its head office in Rome and local administrative offices (uffici di rappresentanza e uffici 
amministrativi) in the Italian cities of Milan, Pescara, Naples, Bari and Catania. As an Italian credit institution, 
the Issuer is subject to the supervision of the Bank of Italy and operates pursuant to Italian law. 
The Issuer is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Agenzia nazionale per l’attrazione degli investimenti e lo sviluppo 
d’impresa S.p.A. - Invitalia S.p.A. ("Invitalia"), the Italian agency for inward investment and economic 
development, a publicly owned joint stock company, with the Ministry of Economy and Finance (Ministero 
dell’Economia e delle Finanze – "MEF") as its sole shareholder. With effect from 15 October 2020, MCC 
assumed the status of parent company (capogruppo) of a new banking group, Gruppo Bancario Mediocredito 
Centrale, which was enrolled in the register of banking groups (Albo dei Gruppi Bancari) kept by the Bank of 
Italy on March 2021.  
MCC, in its capacity as parent company (capogruppo) of the Gruppo Bancario Mediocredito Centrale pursuant 
to Article 61, paragraph 4 of Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, issues, in the exercise of its 
management and coordination activities, instructions to the members of the banking group for the execution of 
the instructions issued by the Bank of Italy in the interest of the stability of the MCC Group itself. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the fully paid and subscribed share capital of the Issuer is equal to 
€204,508,690, divided into 40,901,738 ordinary shares with a par value of €5 each. The shares of the Issuer are 
not listed on any stock exchange. Below is a chart showing the shareholding structure of the Issuer as of the date 
hereof:

--- Page 110 ---
10287112522-v13 
108 
47-41075186 
 
 
The MCC Group aims to make a positive contribution to the economic development of Southern Italy according 
to, inter alia, Italian Law no. 191 of 23 December 2009 ("Law 191/2009") and Italian Law Decree no. 142 of 16 
December 2019 providing for “Urgent measures to support the credit system in Southern Italy and the creation 
of an investment bank” (Misure urgenti per il sostegno al sistema creditizio del Mezzogiorno e per la realizzazione 
di una banca di investimento) as converted with amendments by Law no. 5 of 7 February 2020 ("Law 142/2019").  
Pursuant to article 2, paragraph 162 et seq. of Law 191/2009, as well as its by-laws, which reflects the above-
mentioned provision of law in relation to the company's mission, MCC carries out its activity for the primary 
purpose of pursuing the objectives set forth under article 2, paragraph 162 of Law 191/2009 and namely: (i) to 
increase the offer capacity of the banking and financial system in Southern Italy; (ii) to support the most 
creditworthy business initiatives, affecting the cost of procuring the financial resources needed for investments; 
(iii) to channel savings towards economic initiatives that create employment in Southern Italy.  
MCC, therefore, pursues, predominantly, the support of the economy in Southern Italy (the so-called “principle 
of prevalence” (principio di prevalenza)). This principle of prevalence is a constraint for its strategic guidelines. 
With the creation of the Mediocredito Centrale Group, the principle of prevalence was applied on a consolidated 
basis at group level.   
Financing and subsidies are the two main trajectories through which the MCC Group supports small and medium-
sized industrial and commercial companies ("SMEs").  
As at the date of the Base Prospectus, MCC’s long-term rating is “BBB” (Stable trend) by DBRS, and “BBB-” 
(Stable outlook) by S&P. 
HISTORY AND DEVELOPMENT  
Origins (1952 – 1999) 
The Issuer was originally incorporated as a public entity pursuant to Italian Law No. 949 of 25 July 1952 
(Measures for Economic Growth and Increased Employment) and was initially known as the Istituto Centrale per 
il Credito a Medio Termine. Its mission was to assist in the granting of public subsidies and to develop support 
services for companies to help them to expand overseas. With such aim, the Issuer has provided financing at low 
interest rates to regional public entities and other credit institutions designated by the then Ministry of Treasury 
100% 
100%

--- Page 111 ---
10287112522-v13 
109 
47-41075186 
 
(Ministero del Tesoro) (today, the MEF), specialising in medium-and long-term loans to SMEs. Thereafter, the 
Issuer’s corporate purpose was expanded and other functions were assigned to the Issuer by specific pieces of 
Italian legislation. Such new functions included the medium-term financing of export credit with respect to certain 
supply contracts, loans to medium-and long-term credit institutions for trade and financial transactions to support 
businesses and private individuals affected by natural catastrophes. 
In 1994, the Issuer became a joint stock company (società per azioni) and further expanded its lending activity 
into the areas of project finance, export finance and corporate finance, thereby establishing itself as an investment 
and development bank. 
Pursuant to Legislative Decree no. 143 of 31 March 1998 (Provisions on Foreign Trade), as of 1 January 1999 
the international development finance business activity previously carried out by the Issuer was transferred to 
Simest – Società Italiana per le Imprese all’Estero S.p.A. 
Banca di Roma and the UniCredit Group (1999 – 2010) 
In December 1999, 100% of the shares of MCC were sold to Banca di Roma S.p.A.. Within the Banca di Roma 
banking group, the activities of MCC were focused on corporate banking, mainly in the form of structured loans, 
investment banking, industrial credit, the management of incentives and structures for businesses, private equity 
and, following the incorporation of Capitalia Leasing e Factoring S.p.A. into MCC in December 2005, leasing 
and factoring. 
In October 2007, following the merger of the Capitalia and UniCredit groups, the Issuer became part of the 
UniCredit banking group (the “UniCredit Banking Group”), under the name “UniCredit MCC”, specialising in 
medium-long term lending and project finance. 
Within the UniCredit Banking Group, the Issuer focused increasingly on the offer of highly specialised financial 
services to businesses (project finance, export finance) and the management of public sector services (with 
particular reference to the subsidised credit and management of public incentives for businesses). 
In 2010 and 2011, as part of a corporate reorganisation, certain lending activities that had been previously carried 
out by the Issuer were transferred to other companies within the UniCredit Banking Group, so as to focus the 
Issuer’s business on the management of public subsidies and the granting of loans mainly aimed at developing the 
economy of Southern Italy. 
Purchase of Banca del Mezzogiorno by Poste Italiane (2010 – 2017) 
In December 2010, Poste Italiane S.p.A. (“Poste Italiane”) agreed to purchase the entire share capital of the 
Issuer, as part of a project of the MEF for the creation of Banca del Mezzogiorno. 
Banca del Mezzogiorno was created under article 1 of Italian Law No. 133 of 6 August 2008 as an entity whose 
purpose was “to ensure the presence in the southern regions of Italy of a credit institution able to foster economic 
growth and development”. Sections 162-177 of article 2 of Law No. 191 of 23 December 2009 (the “2010 Finance 
Act”) has set out a number of additional provisions on the incorporation, share structure and activities of Banca 
del Mezzogiorno, it being the “second-tier” financial institute set up by the MEF with a view to contributing to 
the development of private enterprises in Southern Italy. 
The purchase by Poste Italiane of the Issuer became effective on 1 August 2011, following satisfaction of certain 
conditions precedent, including the approval by the Bank of Italy and the Italian Antitrust Authority (Autorità 
Garante della Concorrenza e del Mercato). 
Following the transfer of the Issuer to Poste Italiane, a process was started for the integration into the Issuer of the 
activities attributed to Banca del Mezzogiorno. 
Purchase of Banca del Mezzogiorno by Invitalia (2017) 
In February 2017, Invitalia agreed to purchase the entire share capital of MCC from Poste Italiane. The purchase 
became effective on 7 August 2017, following the authorisation by the then Ministero dello Sviluppo Economico 
or the Ministry of Economic Development (currently, the Ministry of Enterprises and Made in Italy (“MIMIT”)), 
the European Central Bank (“ECB”) and the Bank of Italy. 
MCC Group (Gruppo Bancario Mediocredito Centrale) (2020 – present day) 
In 2020 – according to the Italian Law Decree no. 142/2019 providing for “Urgent measures to support the credit 
system in Southern Italy and the creation of an investment bank” (Misure urgenti per il sostegno al sistema 
creditizio del Mezzogiorno e per la realizzazione di una banca di investimento) as converted with amendments by 
Law no. 5/2020 – MCC was involved, jointly with the Fondo Interbancario di Tutela dei Depositi (“FITD”), in

--- Page 112 ---
10287112522-v13 
110 
47-41075186 
 
the process of recapitalisation of Banca Popolare di Bari S.C.p.A. (“BPB”, whose current company name is BdM 
Banca S.p.A.; in this respect see sub-section “Identities harmonization” below), that, due to financial difficulties 
and significant capital losses suffered by it, on 13 December 2019 was placed by the Bank of Italy under 
extraordinary administration (amministrazione straordinaria) pursuant to articles 70 and 98 of Italian Banking 
Act. On 31 December 2019, MCC and FITD entered into a framework agreement, primarily aimed at setting out 
mutual commitments for the purpose of implementing the recapitalisation of BPB. 
In connection with such recapitalisation, following the transformation of BPB into a joint stock company (società 
per azioni), FITD and MCC subscribed a share capital increase in BPB and, subsequently, FITD sold its 
shareholding in BPB to MCC, so that MCC, within the context of the recapitalisation transaction, came into 
possession of a total shareholding representing 96.84% of the share capital of BPB (the “Acquisition of BPB”).  
The Acquisition of BPB has led, inter alia, to: 
− 
the acquisition by MCC of the indirect control of Cassa di Risparmio di Orvieto S.p.A. (“CRO”), a 
subsidiary of BPB, with a controlling shareholding of 73.57%; and 
− 
the qualification of MCC as parent company (capogruppo) of a new banking group named “Gruppo 
Bancario Mediocredito Centrale” which was enrolled in the register of banking groups (Albo dei Gruppi 
Bancari) kept by the Bank of Italy on March 2021, with effect from 15 October 2020.  
In June 2022, MCC and BPB set out the terms pursuant to which BPB would sell its entire controlling shareholding 
in CRO, equal to 73.57%, to MCC.  
The extraordinary shareholders’ meeting of CRO, held on 8 November 2022, resolved upon a share capital 
increase for a total amount of a maximum €26,999,038.27, with the issuance of 18,246,292 new shares offered 
for subscription to shareholders pursuant to Article 2441, paragraph 1 of the Italian Civil Code (the “CRO Share 
Capital Increase”). BPB (i) has subscribed its quota of the CRO Share Capital Increase and (ii) has exercised its 
pre-emption rights (diritto di prelazione) on the quota of the CRO Share Capital Increase pertaining to Fondazione 
Cassa di Risparmio di Orvieto that could remain not subscribed by Fondazione itself.  
Following the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in the share purchase agreement, on 21 December 
2022 all of the CRO’s shares held by BPB (including, without limitation, the new shares of CRO subscribed by 
BPB in the context of the above capital increase – inclusive of all the relevant rights pertaining to the shares) were 
transferred to MCC.  
Furthermore, upon expiry of the relevant option period, MCC, in execution of its pre-emption right, has subscribed 
the portion of shares not subscribed by Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Orvieto. Accordingly, as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, the Issuer holds No. 35,026,062 ordinary shares of CRO, representing 85.32% of its share 
capital whilst the remaining 14.68% of the share capital of CRO is held by Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di 
Orvieto. 
With effect from 2 August 2023 “Banca Popolare di Bari S.p.A.” (formerly, “Banca Popolare di Bari S.c.p.A.” - 
BPB) has officially become “BdM Banca S.p.A.” (“BdM” or “BdM Banca”) (in this respect, see sub-section 
“Identities harmonization” below). 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the remaining 3.16% of the share capital of BdM Banca S.p.A. is distributed 
among a wide number of small shareholders.

--- Page 113 ---
10287112522-v13 
111 
47-41075186 
 
The below chart shows the shareholdings of the Mediocredito Centrale Group as at the date hereof:  
 
MCC, as parent company (capogruppo) of the Mediocredito Centrale Group, exercises management and co-
ordination activity (attività di direzione e coordinamento) over BdM Banca S.p.A. and CRO, pursuant to article 
61 of the Italian Banking Act and article 2497 and subsequent provisions of the Italian Civil Code, without 
prejudice to the independence of the management of BdM Banca S.p.A. and CRO in their respective business’ 
areas. 
The scope of consolidation includes the financial statements of MCC and of the following subsidiaries: 
A) Part of the Mediocredito Centrale Group: BdM Banca S.p.A. and CRO;  
B) Not part of the Mediocredito Centrale Group: 2017 Popolare Bari RMBS S.r.l., 2017 Popolare Bari SME S.r.l., 
2018 Popolare Bari RMBS S.r.l., 2019 Popolare Bari RMBS S.r.l., Adriatico Finance SME S.r.l. and MCC 
GROUP SME S.r.l. 
The Issuer does not have any equity interests in the share capital of such special purpose vehicles, but it owns 
significant portions of junior securities issued by these companies as part of securitisations or the entirety of the 
securities issued in the case of self-securitisations. 
Identities’ harmonization  
In 2023, the harmonization of the identities of the banks belonging to the MCC Group was also started for the 
purpose of strengthening its strategic positioning at local, regional and national level. In this regard, with effect 
from 2 August 2023 “Banca Popolare di Bari S.p.A.” (formerly, “Banca Popolare di Bari S.c.p.A.”) has officially 
become “BdM Banca S.p.A.” (“BdM” or “BdM Banca”). The new visual identity of the Mediocredito Centrale 
Group has been operational since 15 January 2024 for an important challenge, made up of people, families, 
businesses and territories.  
 
OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS ACTIVITIES  
Mission 
MCC institutional role consists in increasing the competitiveness of Italy, in particular of Southern Italy, through 
the: 
• 
financing of SMEs in the national territory and mainly of SMEs operating in Southern of Italy; 
• 
promotion and support of structural interventions;  
• 
complementary finance to public incentives for businesses. 
MCC fosters new business opportunities for the development of SMEs starting from those in the South of Italy, 
through strategic partnerships primarily with the main Italian credit institutions. 
96.84% 
85.32%

--- Page 114 ---
10287112522-v13 
112 
47-41075186 
 
MCC promotes the integration of public subsidised tools (strumenti agevolativi pubblici) for businesses and access 
to credit for SMEs. 
The Group’s vision 
Our vision 
 
Core business of each company of the MCC Group 
• 
MCC is the parent company and a specialty finance bank for the development of Southern Italy. MCC’s 
activity is focused on (a) medium to long term financing on distinctive sectors and factoring and supply 
chain finance, (b) the exercise of a leading role in the subsidised credit sector taking advantage of the 
Italian recovery and resilience plan (PNRR) opportunities and strengthening synergies with Invitalia under 
a “service approach”, and (c) the management of the MCC Group’s synergies, through: the enhancement 
of group’s instruments to improve monitoring capabilities; capital strengthening; the ongoing management 
of the Guarantee Fund for SMEs established by Law No. 662/96 (as further detailed below); the 
partnerships’ revamping aimed at develop direct lending; and, lastly, the separation and direct management 
of the BdM Banca legacy, as defined below, that is essential for the completion of the restructuring of the 
BdM Banca itself. 
The profit of MCC as at 31 December 2023 is equal to Euro 20.2 million, +3.3% compared to the figure 
as at 31 December 2022. 
• 
BdM Banca is the retail commercial bank for Southern Italy, focused on (a) lending activities to families, 
small businesses and mid-corporates; (b) daily banking for the mass market through a revision of processes, 
products and renewal of partnerships; (c) separation of the assets and liabilities “legacy” deriving from the 
BdM Banca’s management before its acquisition by MCC (i.e., non-core equity investments, non 
performing exposures, litigations with former BdM Banca shareholders) from the core bank and BdM 
BANCA is one of the leading banks in Southern Italy with a strong regional presence through 217 branches; 
details of the branches by region are given below:  
REGION 
BRANCHES 
 
 
ABRUZZO 
                      65  
BASILICATA 
                      26  
CALABRIA 
                         6  
CAMPANIA 
                      39  
LAZIO 
                         4 
LOMBARDY 
                         1  
MARCHE 
                         8  
MOLISE 
                         3  
PUGLIA 
                      65  
 TOTAL 
                  217 
…MOVING TOWARDS SUSTAINABLE GROWTH WITH A MARKET LOGIC 
…to create sustainable value over time, working in competition with other operators under market conditions, 
developing the Southern Italy Financial District, in accordance with ESG principles 
FOCUS ON SUPPORTING THE ECONOMIC AND SOCIAL ENVIRONMENT 
OF SOUTHERN ITALY... 
On the front line to support families, companies and the public administrations in the South... 
…STRENGTHENED BY OUR PUBLIC DNA... 
…leveraging the public ownership…

--- Page 115 ---
10287112522-v13 
113 
47-41075186 
 
The year 2023 closed with net profit of €9.9 million, against a net loss of €45.3 million in the previous year. 
• 
CRO is the retail commercial bank for Central Italy, a point of reference for local communities based in 
Central Italy, which has as its objective the development of such geographical area. Founded in 1852 by 
forty citizens of Orvieto, the Cassa di Risparmio di Orvieto operates a network of 41 branches, broken 
down by region below:  
REGION 
BRANCHES 
 
 
LAZIO 
16 
TUSCANY 
3 
UMBRIA 
22 
TOTAL 
41 
The year 2023 closed with net profit of €7.81 million, against a net profit of €2.61 million in the previous year. 
The MCC Group has a total of 258 branches, of which 217 are of BdM Banca and 41 of CRO, with 79.1% located 
in Southern Italy (specifically in the Campania, Puglia, Basilicata, Calabria, Molise and Abruzzo regions) and 
20.5% in Central Italy (in particular, the Umbria and Lazio regions). The remaining 0.4% of branches are located 
in Lombardy.  
Business and funding plan 2024 – 2027 
On 19 March 2024, MCC’s Board of Directors approved, in line with the MCC Group’s strategic and operational 
planning policy, the MCC Group’s business and funding plan for the period 2024 – 2027 (the “Business Plan”).  
The Business Plan has the following strategic targets:  
− 
increase in loans to customers envisaged over the course of the Business Plan, with a stock at full capacity 
of about €12 billion of loans by 2027; 
− 
increase in direct funding, with a stock at full capacity higher than €12 billion by the end of the Business 
Plan; 
− 
acceleration in the derisking process, with gross NPE ratio below 5% in 2027, even in a forecast scenario of 
an increase in non-performing loans; 
− 
adequate control of liquidity risk, through actions aimed at replacing TLTROs at maturity with retail funding 
through the activation of an online channel, senior unsecured issuances under an EMTN programme and 
securitisation transactions; and 
− 
confirmation of the development of a capital plan to develop a level of MCC Group capitalization with a 
TCR of over 15% in 2027. 
The Business Plan confirms the mission of the MCC Group to support enterprises, with particular attention to 
those in Southern Italy, its focus on lending, together with additional services and products, the continuation of a 
path of alignment to objectives and operating models in the ESG sector, the economic and asset sustainability, 
support for investments for the twin transition and the acceleration of the growth path of commercial banks, 
alongside families and businesses in their reference territories. 
In particular, the Business Plan provides for four growth programmes: (i) development of the financial district in 
the South of Italy, with promotion investments and support for the double transition; (ii) creation of product 
factories, with a further push to of factoring, the launch of a consumer credit offer line, the evolution of the 
structured finance offer and the strengthening of the specialised services offering; enhancement of supply channels 
with the development of the digital division, focused on smart lending and direct funding; (iii) growth of 
positioning in the context of subsidised and (iv) public finance, with the expansion of synergies with the public 
administration and the development of credit solutions complementary to subsidised measures. 
The Business Plan is also based on ESG principles and includes the implementation and refinement of tools for 
measuring, monitoring and reporting risks related to ESG factors, internal training courses, the strengthening of

--- Page 116 ---
10287112522-v13 
114 
47-41075186 
 
the commercial offer by expanding the range of green and social products, issuance of social bonds and support 
for customers in the energy transition process. 
The programme rests on five enabling factors: (1) strengthening the MCC Group’s commercial identity and 
enhancing rebranding; (2) de-risking and proactive legacy management; (3) consolidating the MCC Group by 
integrating processes, seeking synergies and specialisation between the banks belonging to the MCC Group; (4) 
making the operational machine more efficient; and (5) enhancing human capital. 
In support of the Business Plan the Issuer prepared also the MCC Group funding plan, by means of which – to 
face the utilisations and maturities of the existing funding – forms of coverage for incremental funding were 
outlined, including new unsecured bond issues, securitisation transactions and interbank funding. Such actions 
are aimed at ensuring compliance with regulatory requirements in terms of operational and structural liquidity, 
while meeting the needs of cost-effectiveness and diversification of sources. 
In particular, as to MCC, the Business Plan provides for: 
(i) 
the consolidation of its role of promoter and pillar of the financial district of Southern Italy through the 
promotion of investments in the area, the involvement of other banking and financial players and the 
cooperation with other market operators in the area; 
(ii) 
the specialisation of its offer with a further push to accelerate the growth of the factoring business and 
develop synergies in pool factoring and the introduction of loan facilities in favour of families in Southern 
Italy; 
(iii) 
the development of the structured finance and advisory offering and the strengthening of the specialised 
service offering, structured lending through pool financing and project financing; 
(iv) 
the structuring of an advisory service offer for SMEs in Southern Italy to facilitate the access to the 
financial markets also with innovative finance products; 
(v) 
the enhancement of digital supply channels to provide credit to SMEs in order to support their growth 
programmes and to offer liquidity provision services to retail customers; 
(vi) 
the expansion of its positioning in the subsidies sector, enhancing the expertise gained with the Guarantee 
Fund and the development of public finance for growth, also in synergy with the realities of Southern Italy 
(regional holding companies, confidi, etc.) 
(vii) 
the strengthening of the structures in charge of managing problematic receivables, with centralisation of 
non-performing loans management. 
BdM Banca and CRO are expected to be positioned as the reference retail banks respectively for Southern Italy 
and Central Italy, relevant to the related local communities and oriented to the recovery of the bank’s market share 
in deposits and loans to households, micro and SMEs. In particular, the Business Plan provides both for BdM 
Banca and CRO: 
(i) 
a greater focus on territorial coverage and stakeholder relations, made possible by exploiting economies of 
scale, skills and scope within the MCC Group with respect to administrative and operational activities; 
(ii) 
the strengthening of local and regional positioning thanks to the MCC Group rebranding and institutional 
communication activities; 
(iii) 
the optimisation of territorial coverage to provide a more effective and closer service to the customers of 
businesses and households in Southern Italy or Central Italy, as the case may be, including through the 
consolidation of corporate centres in the main squares served; 
(iv) 
the expansion of products and services offered through the distribution of products and services made 
available by MCC and the strengthening the offering of specialised services, in particular to cover financial 
and insurance risks and to support internationalisation; 
(v) 
the strengthening of credit-subsidy synergies by considering co-financing and other complementary 
services; 
(vi) 
the enhancement of retail funding also thanks to the evolution of the services offered; 
(vii) 
de-risking and proactive credit management to contain deterioration levels, zeroing of doubtful receivables 
attributable to legacy.

--- Page 117 ---
10287112522-v13 
115 
47-41075186 
 
Lending activity of the MCC Group 
At 31 December 2023 there were €219.5 million in loans to banks and €9,707.8 million in loans to customers, out 
of a total of €9,927.2 million.  
The following chart shows the evolution in loans to customers and loans to banks:  
 
 
Lending activity grew from €9,444.3 million as at 31 December 2022 to €9,707.7 million as at 31 December 2023 
The chart below shows the details of loans to customers by type.  
Amounts in Eur mln  
 
243
219
9,444
9,708
9,687
9,927
2022
2023
Loans to banks
Loans to customers
61.3% 
59.9% 
80.3% 
79.8% 
% Loans to customers in the South 
% Customers in the South 
189
303
817
756
4,950
4,967
3,487
3,682
9,444
9,708
2022
2023
Public Administration
Other financial institutions
Non financial companies
Families
37% 
52% 
9% 
2% 
38% 
51% 
8% 
3%

--- Page 118 ---
10287112522-v13 
116 
47-41075186 
 
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023, 3.1% of loans were granted to public administrations, 7.8% to 
financial institutions, 51.2% to non-financial companies and the remaining 37.9% to families. 
Support to Southern Italy 
In accordance with article 2, paragraph 162 and following of Law 191/2009 and with MCC’s by-laws (in 
particular, article 3 incorporates the goals set out under article 2, paragraph 162 of this law with regard to MCC’s 
corporate purpose), MCC aims to support Southern Italy’s economy.   
In light of the above, supporting Southern Italy’s economy constitutes a constraint for the strategic guidelines of 
the Issuer itself and MCC Group as a whole. For more details in this respect please see sub-section “Overview” 
above. 
See also “Sustainability Approach” below.  
Asset quality of the MCC Group: NPE analysis and coverage 
As of 31 December 2023, of the total of €9,707.8 million net loans to customers, €9,268.4 million are performing 
loans, while €439.4 million are non-performing, of which €64.1 million are bad loans (sofferenze).  
The chart above summarises the asset quality of the MCC Group and the relative coverage.  
 
Subsidised credit 
MCC plays an important role in subsidised credit.  
115.8
195.0
494.4
484.2
9.7
23.6
2022
2023
Bad Loans
Unlikely to Pay
Past Due
6.4% 
7.0% 
56.2
130.9
106.5
128.4
2.7
4.1
2022
2023
26.7% 
37.5% 
59.6
64.1
387.9
355.8
7.0
19.5
2022
2023
4.8% 
4.5% 
Gross NPEs 
% on loan to 
customers 
Coverage On 
NPEs  
% 
Net NPEs, 
 % on loan 
customers

--- Page 119 ---
10287112522-v13 
117 
47-41075186 
 
The main instrument of subsidised credit is the Guarantee Fund for SMEs (Fondo di Garanzia per le PMI), 
established by Law No. 662/96 with the aim of facilitating SMEs’ access to credit through the granting of a public 
guarantee. Its purpose is to facilitate access to financing for SMEs through the granting of a public guarantee (the 
“GF Guarantee”) as an alternative collateral arrangement for the borrower (as opposed to having to provide 
security over the borrower’s assets, or other forms of personal guarantees such as performance bonds or 
fidejussioni). The Guarantee Fund does not make cash contributions.  
The Guarantee Fund has been active since 2000 and is managed by MCC as sole manager on behalf of the MIMIT. 
In September 2010, the MIMIT announced a call for tender for the management of the Guarantee Fund which, in 
March 2011, was won by a group of companies (raggruppamento temporaneo d’imprese or “RTI”) including the 
Issuer, Artigiancassa S.p.A., MPS Capital Services Banca per le Imprese S.p.A., Mediocredito Italiano S.p.A. and 
DEPObank – Banca Depositaria Italiana S.p.A. 
On 28 March 2012, the MIMIT and the Issuer signed an agreement pursuant to which the RTI with the Issuer as 
agent (mandatario) was assigned the role of sole manager of the Guarantee Fund for a term of nine years, expiring 
on 28 March 2021. 
In January 2021, in light of the expiration of the 2012 agreement, the MIMIT called for an open tender for the 
assignment of the technical, administrative and accounting management service of the Guarantee Fund for SMEs.  
Following the outcome of the public tender, a new agreement for the management of the Guarantee Fund was 
signed on 6 August 2021 between the MIMIT and MCC, as agent (mandataria) of the Temporary Grouping of 
Companies (Raggruppamento Temporaneo di Imprese –RTI), comprising the Issuer, Artigiancassa S.p.A., MPS 
Capital Services Banca per le Imprese S.p.A., Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., Depobank - Banca Depositaria Italiana 
S.p.A. and Unicredit S.p.A. (the “New GF Agreement”). The contract term is nine years. 
The following chart shows the evolution in number of accepted dossiers2 for the public guarantee of the Guarantee 
Fund from 2017 to 31 December 2023:  
Evolution of the number of accepted dossiers (#) 
 
In 2023, the Guaranteed Fund slowed compared to 2022, which in the first half of the year was still influenced by 
the application of emergency regulations under the Covid Temporary Framework. A comparison with 2019, the 
last year before the emergency, shows an increase in terms of both operations admitted and volumes. In 2023, 
requests received totalled 238,411 (-15.6% with respect to the 2022; +89.3% compared to 2019, with 125,920 
operations presented), while operations admitted to guarantee came to 235,893 (-16.7% compared to 2022; 
+88.8% compared to 2019, with 124,954 operations admitted), for a volume of loans of €46.2 billion (-13.9% 
 
2 2020 figures refer to n. 1,585,444 ordinary requests and n. 9,136 requests for which the Fund Guarantee is automatically 
granted in accordance with Liquidity Decree. 
119,935 
129,380 
124,950 
1,594,480 
999,064 
283,058 
235,893 
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023

--- Page 120 ---
10287112522-v13 
118 
47-41075186 
 
compared to 2022; +138.1% compared to 2019) and an amount guaranteed of €34.8 billion (-16.9% compared to 
2022; +161.7% compared to 2019). 
In 2023, new resources totalling €6.8 billion were deposited. 
The following chart shows the evolution of the amount of loans granted with the public guarantee of the Guarantee 
Fund from 2017 to 31 December 2023:  
Financing Evolution (Eur bn) 
Another significant subsidy instrument is the Sustainable Growth Fund (SGF – “Fondo Crescita Sostenibile”), 
managed, based on the Agreement signed on 30 December 2021, on behalf of the MIMIT, by MCC, as the head 
of a temporary joint venture consisting of another 6 banks and the National Research Council.  
The Fund supports investments in R&D, operating with national resources, supplemented where necessary by EU, 
regional and local resources. 
During 2023 concession decrees were issued for 325 projects, for investments totalling €3.0 billion, and subsidies 
granted totalling €1.3 billion. 
Disbursement activities were fully operational for the tenders called by the Administration since 2015; 
disbursements carried out during 2023 involved 853 projects for a total of €318.9 million. 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
Consolidated Income statement – summary (amounts in € thousand)  
  
31 December 2023 
31 December 2022 
Net interest income 
284,833 
242,883 
 
 
 
Net fees and commissions 
169,424 
167,451 
Net banking and insurance income 
456,801 
439,733 
Net value adjustments for credit risk 
-55,322 
-39,971 
Net gains/(losses) on financial operations 
401,638 
399,632 
Operating costs 
-345,254 
-327,743 
Profit (Loss) from continuing operations before tax 
56,3 
71,915 
Income taxes for the period on continuing operations 
-9,456 
-34,112 
Profit (Loss) for the year 
46,844 
37,803 
Non-controlling interests 
2,134 
1,626 
Profit (Loss) for the year attributable to the parent 
company 
44,71 
36,177 
 
17.4
19.2
19.3
124.4
93.6
53.9
46.2
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023

--- Page 121 ---
10287112522-v13 
119 
47-41075186 
 
Consolidated Balance sheet – summary (Amounts in € thousand)  
Assets 
31 December 2023 
31 December 2022 
Cash and cash equivalents 
766,628 
1,208,347 
Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
3,013,528 
3,226,739 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost 
9,927,237 
9,687,236 
c) Due from banks 
219,478 
242,93 
d) Due from customers 
9,707,759 
9,444,306 
Tax assets 
300,105 
331,376 
Total assets 
14,770,877 
15,050,447 
 
 
 
Liabilities 
31 December 2023 
31 December 2022 
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost 
13,061,528 
13,520,398 
a) Due to banks 
2,176,565 
3,924,390 
b) Due to customers 
9,922,455 
8,857,989 
c) Securities issued 
962,508 
738,019 
Provisions for risks and charges 
244,334 
308,193 
Equity 
938,418 
820,582 
Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity 
14,770,877 
15,050,447 
Alternative Performance Measures  
The table below sets out certain key profitability, regulatory and risk indicators for the indicated periods. 
  
31 December 2023 
31 December 2022 
Profitability indicators 
  
 
Cost/income 
74.1% 
69.3% 
Net interest income/Net banking and insurance income 
(%) 
62.4% 
55.2% 
Net fees and commissions/Net banking and insurance 
income (%) 
37.1% 
38.1% 
Capital ratios 
 
CET1/Risk weighted assets (%) 
13.03% 
12.59% 
Tier 1/Risk weighted assets (%) 
13.03% 
12.59% 
Total Capital/Risk weighted assets (%) 
14.23% 
13.90% 
Risk indicators 
 
 
Net Bad loans/Net Loans to customers 
0.70% 
0.60% 
Net Impaired loans/Net Loans to customers 
4.50% 
4.80% 
SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH  
Overview 
During the year 2023, MCC Group, in compliance with the supervisory expectations of the Bank of Italy on 
climate and environmental risks, issued in April 2022, has started the implementation of a three-year initiative 
plan within which has defined its sustainability governance model. 
The MCC Group has adopted a "centralized" ESG Governance Model. This choice aims to ensure proper guidance 
and coordination given the importance of the issue and in alignment with a broader programme to centralize staff 
and control functions at the parent company level for the entire group. 
Coordination at the MCC Group level is ensured through the appointment of an ESG Representative within each 
subsidiary bank. This representative, in coordination with the ESG compliance structure of the parent company, 
supports the organizational structures of the bank in fulfilling the tasks defined by the parent company's Board of 
Directors and adopted by the corresponding bodies of the subsidiary companies. 
For the implementation of the ESG Governance Model, MCC has established a specific Board Sustainability 
Committee, in line with the practices highlighted by the Bank of Italy. This committee is tasked with supporting

--- Page 122 ---
10287112522-v13 
120 
47-41075186 
 
the MCC's Board of Directors in defining and monitoring the strategic guidelines on sustainability set for the 
MCC Group. 
In November 2023, the Sustainability Committee presented the Chief Executive Officer and the Strategic Projects 
Manager with a preliminary analysis of the Sustainability Policy, which was then approved by the Board of 
Directors at its meeting on 28 November 2023. The Sustainability Policy applies across all operational areas of 
the MCC Group and to all MCC Group entities, whose internal regulations must always be interpreted from an 
ESG perspective. In this regard, the document summarizes the organizational model adopted by the MCC Group 
for managing ESG governance, aimed at pursuing sustainability strategies; it has expanded the role of the Group's 
Management and Coordination Committee – which includes the top management of MCC Group's banks – to 
facilitate MCC Group coordination on ESG issues.  
In accordance with the approaches permitted by the supervisory authority MCC has integrated sustainability in 
the MCC Group’s business model adopting a group-centric hybrid model described below. 
The Board of Directors: 
The Board of Directors defines the sustainability guidelines and strategies of MCC Group, regarding sustainable 
finance objectives and the integration of ESG factors in business strategies, governance, operational processes, 
and policies. 
The Sustainability Committee: 
The Sustainability Committee supports the Board of Directors in defining and monitoring the strategic guidelines 
in sustainability Issues of the MCC Group. 
The Controls and Risk Committee: 
The Controls and Risk Committee supports the Board of Directors in the identification, measurement, and 
management of corporate risks, including ESG risks, also for the purpose of a correct and effective determination 
of RAF (Risk Framework Appetite) and risk governance policies inclusive of environmental, social and 
governance factors. 
The Group Management and Coordination Committee: 
The Group Management and Coordination Committee monitors the implementation of the guidelines for 
achieving the MCC Group's strategic and sustainability objectives, identifying potential issues and proposing 
possible mitigation actions. 
The sustainability structure: 
The sustainability structure oversees ESG project initiatives, with specific reference to the integration of 
sustainability factors into business processes, coordinating the organizational units in the implementation of 
sustainability guidelines. 
In March 2024, the MCC Group's Industrial Plan was approved, and ESG issues were addressed with attention 
and ambition, associating challenging objectives with each area.

--- Page 123 ---
10287112522-v13 
121 
47-41075186 
 
The 2024-2027 Business Plan marks a new stage in the progressive integration of ESG issues into the business.  
ESG STRATEGY AMBITION 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Source: Consolidated Non-Financial Statement of the Mediocredito Centrale Group 2023 
As part of the "E" Environmental Pillar, the MCC Group aims to reduce its negative impact on the environment 
through digital transformation, improving paperless and sustainable mobility, and progressively using renewable 
energies. 
Furthermore, to integrate the management of climate and environmental risks into the business model, MCC 
intends to develop green financing products and support corporate clients in their transition path. 
As part of the "S" Social Pillar, MCC Group aims to promote financial and sustainability education, improve 
generational turnover and gender equality, supporting the Third Sector, women's entrepreneurship, and start-ups. 
As part of the "G" Governance Pillar, MCC Group aims to strengthen sustainability risks governance, also through 
the dissemination of ESG culture at all levels. 
Indicators 
The MCC Group aims to make a positive contribution to the economic development of Southern Italy by activating 
the Southern Italy Financial District. Pursuant to Art. 2, section 162, et seq. of Italian Law no. 191 of 23 December 
2009, as well as MCC’s by-laws, which reflect this law in relation to the company's mission, MCC mainly pursues 
targets aimed at supporting the economy of Southern Italy. This “principle of prevalence” is a constraint in-built 
into the Bank's strategic guidelines. 
MCC has thus developed a panel of group indicators, to be monitored and reported on a semi-annual basis to the 
Board of Directors and the Board of Statutory Auditors, who monitor the Issuer’s compliance with its corporate 
objectives. 
On 29 March 2022, the Board of Directors approved the new panel of indicators deemed suitable to monitor the 
key objectives at MCC Group level. This panel of quantitative and qualitative MCC Group indicators is monitored 
and reported every six months to the Board of Directors and the Board of Statutory Auditors, and consider the 
following metrics: 
– Strengthen the commercial offerings by expanding the range of 
“green” products 
– Integrate C&A factors in the Group's lending strategy and Risk 
Management framework 
– Continue to reduce environmental impacts 
– Expand the offer of credit products with social aims 
– Begin financial education and sustainability courses in schools and 
universities through external partnerships 
– Improve performance in terms of generational turnover and female 
empowerment 
– Emission of social bonds to strengthen the pursuit of social objectives 
in banking business 
– Development of third sector loans 
E 
S 
– Implement and refine measurement, monitoring and reporting tools 
for risks associated with ESG factors 
– Continue the development of variable remuneration policies for 
managers and employees, aligning them with ESG goals 
– Continue with training courses intended to raise the level of ESG 
awareness and sensitivity 
G

--- Page 124 ---
10287112522-v13 
122 
47-41075186 
 
79.8%
20.2%
2023
59.8%
40.2%
2023
• 
assessment of the ability to penetrate into the social and economic fabric of Southern Italy, measured by the 
number of customers residing/operating in the South out of total customers; 
• 
assessment of the overall commercial product range offered by the MCC Group to support families and 
businesses, with credit, savings and investment products; 
• 
changing the approach according to which regional premises are measured, which, while once appropriate 
for MCC as a second-level bank, is now superseded by the mission to consolidate development in Southern 
Italy (Italian Legislative Decree 142/2019); 
• 
rationalizing the indicators related to subsidies managed by MCC on behalf of the Public Administration, 
with a view to improving information about the substantial contribution to the development of Southern Italy 
delivered through the main subsidies managed by MCC (Guarantee Fund for SMEs and Sustainable Growth 
Fund). 
As in previous years, the indicators can be divided as follows: 
- 
quantitative indicators related to lending, which measure the ability to penetrate into the social and 
economic fabric of the South and enhance the overall product range offered by the MCC Group to support families 
and businesses, with credit, savings and investment products; 
- 
informative indicators aimed at measuring the contribution to the development of Southern Italy achieved 
through the main subsidies managed by MCC. 
Customers in Southern Italy out of total customers 
 
Measures the 
number of 
customers 
(understood as 
those with at least 
one active 
contract) in 
Southern Italy3 
(businesses, 
households) out of 
the total number 
of MCC Group 
customers 
Source: Consolidated Non-Financial Statement of the Mediocredito Centrale Group 2023 
Loans to Southern Italy out of total loans 
The percentage of 
current loans (short 
and 
medium/long-
term) classified as 
“loans to Southern 
Italy” out of total 
loans 
to 
MCC 
Group 
customers 
(businesses, 
households) 
 
 
 
3 The following regions belong to the Southern Italy category: Abruzzo, Basilicata, Calabria, Campania, Molise, Puglia, 
Sardinia, and Sicily.

--- Page 125 ---
10287112522-v13 
123 
47-41075186 
 
74.9%
25.1%
2023
 
Savings and investment services to Southern Italy out of total savings and investment services 
Measures 
the 
percentage 
of 
direct/indirect 
deposits 
from 
customers 
in 
Southern 
Italy 
(businesses, 
households) out of 
total direct/indirect 
deposits at MCC 
Group level 
 
 
Source: Consolidated Non-Financial Statement of the Mediocredito Centrale Group 2023 
Social Financing Framework 
The establishment of a Social Financing Framework is fully complementary with MCC Group’s commitment and 
ESG strategy, aimed at providing a positive social impact and promoting the transition towards a more sustainable 
and socially inclusive environment.  
MCC aims at attracting dedicated funding for loans and investments that embed social benefits and providing 
fixed-income investors and depositors with an opportunity to support the Issuer's sustainability goals while aiding 
them in achieving their own responsible investment objectives. 
Pursuant to the Social Financing Framework MCC can use social debt instruments in various formats, tenors and 
currencies, including senior preferred, senior non-preferred, subordinated bonds as well as secured bonds (such 
as covered bonds), other securities (such as ABS) and loans through public or private placements. 
The Social Financing Framework is aligned with the ICMA Social Bond Principles 20234 (“SBP”), as well as the 
APLMA, LMA, and LSTA Social Loan Principles 20235 (“SLL”). 
EMPLOYEES AND OTHER ADMINISTRATIVE COSTS  
As at 31 December 2023, the Issuer had 2,830 employees (compared with 2,898 as at 31 December 2022), of 
which 25 are executives, 1,043 are middle managers and 1,762 are office workers belonging to various 
professional categories.  
As at 31 December 2023, the Issuer’s total personnel costs were €206.7 million. 
As at 31 December 2023, the “Other Administrative Expenses” line item, which reflects expenses incurred for the 
BdM Banca turnaround and to establish and implement the MCC Group, amounted to €125.6 million.  
CENTRALISATION AT THE PARENT COMPANY LEVEL 
Between December 2023 and July 2024, MCC centralised the operations of BdM Banca and CRO connected to 
the following areas: 
• 
internal audit; 
• 
compliance, anti-money laundering and data protection control; 
• 
risk management; 
 
4
https://www.icmagroup.org/assets/documents/Sustainable-finance/2023-updates/Social-Bond-Principles-SBP-June-2023-
220623.pdf   
5 https://www.lsta.org/content/social-loan-principles-slp/#

--- Page 126 ---
10287112522-v13 
124 
47-41075186 
 
• 
administration and financial statements, finance, planning and control, corporate affairs; 
• 
procurement, business continuity, organisation, PMO, facility management and industrial relations; 
• 
Legal and litigation (except for litigations related to NPL); 
• 
communication, media and external relations; 
• 
Investor relations; 
• 
Marketing; 
• 
Back Office. 
Such decision is functional to several areas of improvement. Firstly, the strengthening of the policy of supervision, 
management and control of the aforementioned activities, as well as the governance of models, processes, people, 
systems and data at the MCC Group level. Secondly, the consolidation of synergies between the organisational 
structures of MCC and the Subsidiaries. Further aspects are connected to aligning the organisational structure with 
the leading practices of the Italian banking world and optimising the preparation/management of information 
flows to corporate bodies and the supervisory Authorities. Finally, the pursuit of improved effectiveness and 
efficiency of activities at the MCC Group level optimises the use of economies of scale and expertise. 
In order to implement the above centralisation: 
• 
the organisational structure of MCC was updated, redefining in a group perspective the mission and 
organisation of the organisational units involved in the performance of centralised functions; 
• 
the main internal policies governing centralised functions were revised or are actually under review in the 
light of the new organisational context; 
• 
specific outsourcing agreements were signed between MCC and the Subsidiaries. 
LEGAL AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS  
MCC as well as the members of the MCC Group are currently party to a number of civil, criminal and tax claims 
and legal actions that have arisen in the ordinary course of its business.  
The 2023 Consolidated Annual Financial Statements include €233,131 million set aside for the Other Provisions 
for Liabilities and Charges (Fondi per Rischi e Oneri – Altri fondi per rischi ed oneri), including €127,637 million 
for legal and tax disputes. The Issuer 2022 Consolidated Annual Financial Statements included €296,309 million 
set aside for the Other Provisions for Liabilities and Charges, including €180,204 million for legal and tax 
disputes.  
The accounting provisions (accantonamenti) are determined according to the estimated risk of a negative outcome 
to the relevant proceedings, based on the assessment in accordance with applicable law and regulatory provisions, 
and in accordance with the MCC Group’s applicable policies and procedures; the amount of any such accounting 
provision, if any, is then determined pursuant to (i) the amount which is the subject matter of the relevant 
proceeding (petitum), and (ii) according to different thresholds depending on the level of likelihood of the above 
mentioned negative outcome. The accounting provisions (accantonamenti) are periodically reviewed on the basis 
of the progress of the relevant proceedings. 
For further information on legal proceedings involving MCC, BdM Banca and CRO, see the notes to the 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 December 2023 and, in particular, 
"Part B – Information on consolidated balance sheet". 
In addition to what is stated in the notes to the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year 
ended 31 December 2023, in June 2024 BdM Banca was notified of the conclusion of the preliminary investigation 
(avviso di conclusione delle indagini preliminari) pursuant to article 415 bis of the Italian Code of Criminal 
Procedure, in relation to a new proceeding (RGNR no. 12799/2023, as discontinuance (stralcio) of the proceedings 
RGNR no. 10280/2016, which BdM Banca joined as civil party (costituzione di parte civile) involving BdM 
Banca for liability under Italian Legislative Decree no. 231/2001 (Decree 231); therefore at the date hereof BdM 
Banca is formally investigated (indagata) for liability under Decree 231. 
In May 2024, Soiget S.r.l. initiated a proceeding against BdM Banca to declare null and void a mortgage loan of 
€5.3 million (and the related guarantees) and the previous loan of €4 million granted by BdM Banca. BdM Banca 
will appear and contest plaintiff's claims as unfounded before the Court.

--- Page 127 ---
10287112522-v13 
125 
47-41075186 
 
SHAREHOLDERS  
Overview  
The share capital of the Issuer is wholly owned by Invitalia, which controls the Issuer in accordance with article 
2359 of the Italian Civil Code. The Issuer is also subject to the management and co-ordination (attività di direzione 
e coordinamento) of Invitalia pursuant to article 2497 and subsequent provisions of the Italian Civil Code. Invitalia 
exercises its shareholder powers and rights in accordance with applicable Italian laws and regulations. No 
dividends of MCC have been distributed to Invitalia in the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 
December 2023. 
Invitalia is a publicly owned joint stock company, with the MEF as its sole shareholder. 
Invitalia was established through Italian Legislative Decree No. 1 of 9 January 1999 as subsequently amended for 
the purpose of: (i) promoting enterprise, attracting investments, promoting employment initiatives and start-
ups/new businesses, developing demand for innovation and the development of local business systems; (ii) 
supporting national and local governments and public entities in managing national and EU incentives, with 
particular reference to Southern Italy and other economically disadvantaged areas; and (iii) consolidating and 
reorganising the businesses of certain publicly owned companies. 
Invitalia operates as an “instrumental entity of the national government” under directive 27 March 2007 of the 
MIMIT and, particularly, constitutes an in-house entity within the MIMIT. Its priorities and objectives are defined 
through specific directives issued by the MIMIT, which sets out the industrial guidelines, Invitalia’s acts subject 
to prior approval by an internal department within the MIMIT and any updates thereto and, in concert with the 
MEF, to its by-laws. 
In particular, Invitalia’s corporate purpose is to carry out mainly financial activities with the objective of 
promoting Italy’s development and competitiveness, and, especially, fostering Southern Italy’s alignment with 
more advanced regions by acting in accordance with applicable law. To achieve such objectives, Invitalia operates 
consistently within a framework of institutional cooperation among local, regional and national administrative 
entities, taking into account the industrial policy strategies oriented towards innovation and new technological 
paradigms. 
Invitalia’s activities focus on the achievement of the following priorities, especially with respect to Southern Italy: 
(i) fostering high-quality foreign investment, able to contribute to the development of the national economic and 
productive system; (ii) developing innovation and industrial and business competitiveness in production sectors 
and territorial systems; and (iii) promoting competitiveness and the territories’ attraction potentials. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is not aware of any plans that could result in a change of control 
of the Issuer. 
Measures in place to ensure major shareholder control is not abused 
The Issuer monitors transactions with related parties in accordance with articles 53 and 136 of the Italian Banking 
Act and article 2391 of the Italian Civil Code. 
The Issuer has also adopted a group policy (the “MCC Group Policy”) for the approval, execution and monitoring 
of transactions with its related parties (including directors, and statutory auditors of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries) 
and with, inter alia, its parent company Invitalia, the MIMIT, the MEF and their subsidiaries and its Subsidiaries. 
The MCC Group Policy codifies and governs the operating procedure for the approval and execution of 
transactions with such related parties to ensure transparency and procedural correctness, by distinguishing 
between transactions of greater and lesser significance and sets limits to the maximum exposure towards related 
parties and monitoring and reporting procedures. 
The MCC Group Policy requires the independent directors of the Issuer (within the Related Parties Committee - 
Comitato Parti Correlate – set up by the Board of Directors in July 2023), to express an opinion on transactions 
with related parties; if the opinion of the independent directors is negative or if any doubts are raised in the case 
of particularly significant transactions, the opinion of the Board of Statutory Auditors is also sought. In the case 
of transactions with Directors as provided for under article 136 of the Italian Banking Act, the full Board of 
Directors, with the exception of the interested director, have (once authorised by the vote of the Board of Statutory 
Auditors) powers of resolution in respect of such transactions. 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE  
Overview

--- Page 128 ---
10287112522-v13 
126 
47-41075186 
 
The Issuer has adopted a traditional system of corporate governance (sistema tradizionale di amministrazione e 
controllo). Therefore, the corporate governance structure of MCC includes the following governing bodies 
offices: 
− 
the Shareholders’ meeting; 
− 
the Board of Directors; and 
− 
the Board of Statutory Auditors.  
Shareholders’ meetings 
The Shareholders’ meetings are convened at regular intervals to resolve on all matters reserved to Shareholders 
by law and under the Issuer’s by-laws. 
During ordinary meetings, shareholders resolve on, inter alia, the following matters: (i) the approval of the Issuer’s 
financial statements, (ii) the allocation of profits, (iii) the appointment of directors and auditors, and their removal 
from office, (iv) the remuneration and incentives policies (politiche di remunerazione ed incentivazione) of 
directors, auditors, the Chief Executive Officer, the General Manager, if appointed and of the employees and 
collaborators not linked to MCC via employment relationships, (v) plans based on financial instruments, where 
applicable, (vi) the criteria for determining the amounts to be granted (if any) in the event of early termination of 
employment relationships and early termination of office, including the limits set to these amounts in terms of 
annualities of fixed remuneration and the maximum amount resulting from their application, (vii) the 
responsibility for actions (azioni di responsabilità) against directors and auditors, and (viii) all other matters 
attributed to its competence by law or by the Issuer’s by-laws. 
Upon a motivated proposal of the Board of Statutory Auditors of the Issuer, the shareholders’ meeting confers the 
mandate upon the external independent auditors. 
During extraordinary meetings, shareholders resolve on, inter alia, amendments to the Issuer’s by- laws (with the 
exception of such amendments that the Issuer’s by-laws expressly reserves to the Board of Directors), the 
appointment, replacement and powers of liquidators and all other matters attributed to its competence by law or 
by the Issuer’s by-laws.  
Board of Directors, internal committees and independent directors 
The Board of Directors and its members 
According to its by-laws, the Issuer is managed by a Board of Directors composed of a minimum number of five 
members up to a maximum number of seven members, which number may change during the appointment as 
resolved upon by the shareholders’ meeting in accordance with applicable laws and the Issuer’s by-laws.  
It has all the powers for the ordinary and extraordinary management of the Issuer, with the exception of those 
reserved to the shareholders’ meeting by law. In addition to the matters that cannot be delegated pursuant to 
applicable law, there are certain matters expressly reserved to the Board of Directors, as set out under article 17 
of the Issuer’s by-laws. 
The chairman of the board is elected by the Board of Directors from among its members, unless appointed at a 
shareholders’ meeting (the “Chairman”). The Chairman is the legal representative of the Issuer, severally with 
the chief executive officer; the Chairman convenes and chairs the Board of Directors, in respect of which he 
manages, coordinates and moderates the discussion.  
The Board of Directors appoints from among its members a chief executive officer (the “Chief Executive 
Officer”) and may appoint a general manager. The Chief Executive Officer may also carry out the duties of the 
general manager. 
The Board of Directors may delegate powers to the Chief Executive Officer that (as it is the case for the current 
Chief Executive Officer) can be entrusted also with the role of general manager, specifying the delegation limits, 
the powers and the matters that it deems appropriate, subject to any limits laid down by the law or the Issuer’s by-
laws. In any case it is up to the Chief Executive Officer the proposals for lending transactions that must be resolved 
upon by the Board of Directors.  
The Chief Executive Officer is responsible for the Issuer’s staff,and is the legal representative of the company 
severally with the Chairman. 
The Board of Directors may delegate special powers on the granting of loans and day-to-day management matters 
to managers, officials and other employees, setting limits and guidelines for the exercise of such powers. The

--- Page 129 ---
10287112522-v13 
127 
47-41075186 
 
decisions taken by such appointees must be communicated to the Board of Directors, at least on a quarterly basis, 
in accordance with the procedures determined by the same. 
The Issuer’s current Board of Directors, which consists of seven members, was appointed on 28 April 2023 and 
will remain in office until the approval of the financial statements for the financial year ending on 31 December 
2025.  
The following table sets out the current members of the Board of Directors of MCC. 
Name 
Position 
Ferruccio Ferranti 
Chairman 
Francesco Minotti 
Chief Executive Officer (and General Manager) 
Stefano Bertollini 
Director 
Alessandra Bianchi 
Director 
Carmela D’Amato 
Director 
Andrea Messuti 
Director 
Leonarda Sansone 
Director 
All members of the Board of Directors are domiciled at the registered office of the Issuer.  
Other offices held by the members of the Board of Directors 
The table below shows the details of the positions held and any principal activities carried out by the members of 
the Board of Directors in other companies: 
Name 
Position 
Positions Held in Other Companies 
Ferruccio 
Ferranti(1) 
Chairman  
Director of Istituto della Enciclopedia Italiana 
fondata da Giovanni Treccani S.p.A. 
Francesco Minotti 
Chief Executive Officer 
 
Stefano 
Bertollini(2)(3) 
Director  
Extraordinary Commissioner in the extraordinary 
administration procedure of the Alitalia SAI 
group companies 
Alessandra 
Bianchi(2)(3) 
Director  
 
Carmela 
D’Amato(1) 
Director 
Director of Agenzia nazionale per l’attrazione 
degli investimenti e lo sviluppo d'impresa S.p.A.  
Andrea Messuti(1) 
(2) 
Director 
Director of Lega Calcio Professionisti Serie B; 
Director of Fondazione H for Human; 
Director of B for People impresa sociale S.r.l.; 
Director of I.M.D. International Medical Devices 
S.p.A. 
Leonarda 
Sansone(3) 
Director  
Director of Infratel S.p.A. 
___________ 
(1) Member of the Control and Risk Committee 
(2) Member of the Related Parties Committee 
(3) Member of the Sustainability Committee

--- Page 130 ---
10287112522-v13 
128 
47-41075186 
 
Internal Committees (Comitati Endo-Consiliari) 
Under the authority conferred on it by the by-laws of the Issuer, the Board of Directors has established specific 
committees consisting of some of its members in order to increase the efficiency and the effectiveness of its 
activities. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Board of Directors has set up the following committees: 
• 
the Control and Risk Committee (Comitato Controllo e Rischi), which is established pursuant to the Bank 
of Italy circular No. 285/2013 and, with investigative, advisory and propositional functions, supports the 
Board of Directors in defining and monitoring activities related to the system of internal controls and risk 
management, in particular for all those activities that are instrumental and necessary for the Board of 
Directors to assess correctly and effectively the “Risk Appetite Framework” and risk governance policies; 
• 
the Related Parties Committee (Comitato Parti Correlate), which is established in implementation of the 
regulatory provisions set forth in the Bank of Italy circular No. 285/2013 on risk activities and conflicts of 
interest with related parties, as well as in the internal regulations in force, with particular reference to the 
“Group Policy for the management of transactions with related parties”. The committee supports, with 
advisory functions, the Board of Directors in carrying out and monitoring transactions with related parties. 
In particular, the committee is responsible, inter alia, for (i) the issue of analytical, reasoned and binding 
opinions on the overall appropriateness of organisational policies and procedures applicable to transactions 
with related parties; (ii) the examination in the pre-deliberation phase of transactions with related parties 
qualified as of greater or lesser significance; (iii) the assessment of information relating to transactions with 
related parties to be included in the financial statements for the purposes of IAS 24, in order to verify whether 
the financial position and financial results’ may be affected by the presence of relations between “reporting 
entities” and other parties identifiable as “related parties”; and 
• 
the Sustainability Committee (Comitato Sostenibilità), which supports the significant path undertaken by 
the Issuer in integrating ESG criteria into the mission, governance and business model of the Issuer and the 
MCC Group. With investigative, advisory and propositional functions, the committee supports the Board of 
Directors in its strategic policy-making activities, with the aim of achieving the MCC Group strategic 
sustainability targets. To achieve its mission, the committee, inter alia, (i) takes care of sustainability issues, 
in light of national guidelines, principles and initiatives on the subject; (ii) proposes and promotes 
sustainability initiatives to the Board of Directors, including the translation of identified guidelines into 
concrete actions; (iii) expresses assessments and formulates opinions to the Board of Directors on ESG 
strategies and sustainability policies; (iv) collaborates in initiatives aimed at enhancing innovation paths in 
the field of environmental and social economy and sustainable development; (v) assists the Board of 
Directors in examining, evaluating and approving the “Materiality Analysis”; and (vi) coordinates the MCC 
Group ESG activities by convening the ESG representatives of the subsidiaries, periodically or at single 
events, upon invitation of the chairman of the committee.   
Independent Directors 
The current Board of Directors includes 5 Directors who meet the requirements of independence and qualify as 
independent Directors in accordance with applicable law. As at the Date of this Base Prospectus, the independent 
Directors are Ferruccio Ferranti, Andrea Messuti, Stefano Bertollini, Alessandra Bianchi e Carmela D’Amato.  
Board of Statutory Auditors 
The Board of Statutory Auditors and its members 
The Issuer’s Board of Statutory Auditors is appointed by the shareholders’ meeting and is composed of three 
acting auditors (sindaci effettivi), one of whom is appointed to act as chairman, and two substitute auditors (sindaci 
supplenti).  
The Board of Statutory Auditors monitors the compliance of the Issuer with legislative and regulatory provisions 
applicable to it and its by-laws, the correct management of the Issuer, the adequacy of its organisational and 
accounting structures and of the risk management and control system, as well as of the functionality of the whole 
internal control system and the adequacy of the instructions given by the Issuer to the companies belonging to the 
MCC Group in order to implement the instructions given by the Bank of Italy in the interest of the stability of the 
MCC Group, promoting corrective actions for deficiencies and irregularities detected and operating in close 
collaboration with the corresponding bodies of the companies belonging to the MCC Group.  
The Board of Statutory Auditors coordinates its activities with those of the external independent auditors 
appointed in order to audit the financial statements of the Issuer. Notwithstanding the mandate given to the

--- Page 131 ---
10287112522-v13 
129 
47-41075186 
 
external independent auditors, the Board of Statutory Auditors remains responsible for the assessment of the 
adequacy and correct operation of the Issuer’s accounting system. 
The current Board of Statutory Auditors was appointed on 30 May 2024 and will remain in office until the 
approval of the financial statements for the financial year ending on 31 December 2026.  
The following table sets out the current members of the Board of Statutory Auditors of MCC.  
Name 
Position 
Ignazio Parrinello 
Chairman 
Marcella Galvani 
Acting Auditor (Sindaco Effettivo) 
Paolo Palombelli 
Acting Auditor (Sindaco Effettivo) 
Francesco Amicucci 
Substitute Auditor (Sindaco Supplente) 
Sofia Paternostro 
Substitute Auditor (Sindaco Supplente) 
All the members of the Board of Statutory Auditors are domiciled at the registered office of the Issuer. 
Other offices held by the members of the Board of Statutory Auditors  
The table below shows the details of the positions held and any principal activities carried out in other companies 
by the members of the Board of Statutory Auditors:  
Name 
Position 
Positions Held in Other Companies 
Ignazio Parrinello 
Chairman  
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of BdM 
Banca S.p.A. 
Marcella Galvani 
Acting Auditor 
(Sindaco Effettivo) 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Cassa di 
Risparmio di Orvieto S.p.A.; 
Substitute Auditor of BdM Banca S.p.A.; 
Acting Auditor of Colabeton S.p.A.; 
Acting Auditor of Go Internet S.p.A.; 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Gest 
S.r.l.; 
Acting Auditor of Torre SGR S.p.A.; 
Acting Auditor of Busitalia S.r.l.; 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of S.I.C.I. 
SGR S.p.A.; 
Single Auditor of Consorzio Stabile Aedars S.C.a.R.L. in 
liquidazione; 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Sviluppumbria Agenzia regionale per lo sviluppo 
economico; 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Terme di 
Chianciano S.p.A; Substitute Auditor of Ragusa Cementi 
S.p.A. 
Judicial Commissioner of Chimar S.r.l. 
Paolo Palombelli 
Acting Auditor 
(Sindaco Effettivo) 
Substitute Auditor of Cassa di Risparmio di Orvieto 
S.p.A.; 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Italia 
Turismo S.p.A.; 
Acting Auditor of Invitalia Partecipazioni S.p.A.;

--- Page 132 ---
10287112522-v13 
130 
47-41075186 
 
Chairman of the Board of Auditors (Collegio dei 
Revisori) of Fondazione Scuola dei beni e delle attività 
culturali e del turismo; 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Terrae 
S.p.A.; 
Chairman of the Board of Auditors (Collegio dei 
Revisori) of Fondazione Symbola nonprofit; 
Acting Auditor of Vivenda S.p.A.; 
Acting Auditor of Pratolungo Immobiliare S.r.l.; 
Chairman of the Board of Auditors (Collegio dei 
Revisori) of Fondazione MAXXI; 
Auditor 
(Organo 
di 
controllo 
monocratico) 
of 
Fondazione Global Compact Network Italia – non-profit; 
Chairman of the Board of Auditors of Bellotti S.p.A.; 
Director of Seriola Società Agricola S.S.; 
Chairman of the Board of Auditors (Collegio dei 
Revisori) of Anima per il sociale nei valori d’impresa 
Sofia Paternostro 
Substitute Auditor  
(Sindaco Supplente) 
Acting Auditor of Azienda Ospedaliera Università 
Policlinico Paolo Giaccone; 
Acting Auditor of Codemotion S.p.A; 
Acting Auditor of 5 Erre S.p.A.; 
Acting Auditor of Nasta e C. Carta e Imballaggi S.p.A.;  
Acting Auditor of Italia Turismo S.p.A.; 
Acting Auditor of Invitalia Partecipazioni S.p.A.; 
Acting Auditor and Member of the Supervisory Board 
(Organismo di Vigilanza) of Simone Gatto S.p.A.; 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board (Organismo di 
Vigilanza) of Industria Italiana Autobus S.p.A.; 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Sicamb 
S.p.A.; 
Director of Terme di Chianciano S.p.A.; 
Acting Auditor of CTC Conceria del Chienti Società 
Benefit S.p.A.; 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Fare Spot 
S.p.A.; 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Contrader S.r.l.; 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Contrader Engineering S.r.l.; 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Sistemi 
S.r.l.; 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Data 
Engine S.r.l.; 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Contrader Basilicata S.r.l.;

--- Page 133 ---
10287112522-v13 
131 
47-41075186 
 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Rawit 
Studio S.r.l.; 
Member of the Supervisory Board (Organismo di 
Vigilanza) of Corneliani S.p.A. 
Francesco Amicucci 
Substitute Auditor 
(Sindaco Supplente) 
Director of Fondazione Gran Sasso Tech;  
Auditor (revisore) and Data Protection Officer of 
CORISTA S.c.p.A.; 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Georgieff Capital 
GmbH; 
Director of Xenia H.S. Società Benefit. 
Management Committees of the Issuer (Comitati gestionali) 
The management committees listed below act as coordination bodies at MCC Group level, with the purpose of 
defining commercial, financial, lending and organizational guidelines.  
Group Management and Coordination Committee (Comitato di direzione e coordinamento di Gruppo)  
This committee aims at monitoring the implementation of guidelines relating to the pursuit of strategic and ESG 
related objectives (in compliance with Sustainability Committee decisions) and the implementation of the 
Strategic business plan. 
The committee coordinates the Group's contribution to initiatives aimed at enhancing innovation paths in the 
sector of environmental, social economics and sustainable development. 
Credit Committee (Comitato crediti) 
This committee oversees the granting of loans and the related loan management process. On the basis of powers 
delegated by the Board of Directors, it can deliberate whether to grant loans, non-performing loans, unlikely-to-
pay loans and defaulted loans. It examines the results of credit analysis and monitoring reports provided by 
Issuer’s departments in order to report to the Chief Executive Officer and to the Board of Directors. 
Products Committee (Comitato nuovi prodotti) 
The committee: 
− 
ensures preventive assessments concerning feasibility, expected results, any accounting/reporting 
impacts, risk management impacts and compliance of new products and services offered by the MCC 
Group, also considering external regulation on sustainability, focusing on the prevention of 
"greenwashing" practices; 
− 
ensures necessary assessments for participation in public tenders regarding the management of public 
funds; 
− 
monitors the performance of products and services offered by the MCC Group; 
− 
formulates the pricing structures applicable to the products and services offered by the MCC Group; 
− 
ensures for the entire MCC Group preventive assessments regarding commercial agreements for 
distribution of products and services; 
− 
approves commercial agreements and partnerships both at MCC Group and single Legal entity level. 
Finance Committee (Comitato finanza) 
This committee monitors management of liquidity and the related risk. In particular, it: 
− 
evaluates and proposes to the Board of Directors the liquidity risk management guidelines for the whole 
MCC Group, defining strategic guidelines for liquidity risk-taking in terms of risk target and tolerance 
thresholds, in line with the Risk Appetite Statement; 
− 
evaluates and proposes to the Board of Directors the MCC Group funding plan and the impacts on 
liquidity risk, monitoring its progress and approving corrective actions;

--- Page 134 ---
10287112522-v13 
132 
47-41075186 
 
− 
monitors the MCC Group’s liquidity position, upon monitoring carried out by the competent 
Organizational Unit, defining interventions to adopt unplanned forms of funding, where needed, in order 
to balance the overall financial structure; 
− 
evaluates for the subsequent approval of the Board of Directors, the Group's Capital Plan and the risk 
impacts, monitoring their progress and approving any corrective actions; 
− 
ensures the ESG factors to be taken into proper account in the management liquidity process. 
Furthermore, this committee: 
− 
is involved in the activation and management of the Contingency Funding and Recovery Plan;  
− 
 periodically analyzes the interest rate and market risk position of the MCC Group, upon monitoring 
carried out by the competent Organizational Unit.  
IT Governance Committee (Comitato di IT Governance)  
This committee: 
− 
manages and approves the IT resource allocation plan and its evolution strategy; 
− 
monitors the alignment between what is planned and what is achieved; 
− 
in the context of IT project management: 
• 
approves the Masterplan of project initiatives, which includes the IT Masterplan and its changes; 
• 
is involved in managing conflicts related to the Masterplan; 
• 
monitors the regular performance of the management and control processes of IT services 
through the information received, with respect to the IT Masterplan; 
• 
is informed about the overall progress of the projects. 
Real estate Committee (Comitato immobili) 
The committee selects, among the real estate assets identified by the owner bank's Board of Directors, the 
properties to be sold and decides on their disposal in compliance with the criteria indicated by the Board of 
Directors itself; the committee also proposes to the Board of Directors initiatives aimed at MCC Group real estate 
assets valorisation. 
Control functions coordination Committee (Comitato di coordinamento delle Funzioni Aziendali di Controllo) 
The committee: 
 
ensures the coordination of control functions, to identify synergies and to encourage the exchange of 
information between functions, with the aim of promoting an integrated risk management approach; 
• 
defines a common language in the management of risks and controls between the control functions, 
promoting a holistic vision of risk management risks, including sustainability issues; 
• 
defines phases and timing to govern the overall planning and corporate bodies reporting activities, 
sharing operational and methodological aspects to identify possible synergies and avoid potential 
overlaps or duplications of control activities; 
• 
shares the "areas for improvement" coming from all the control functions and from Supervisory 
Authority with the aim of assessing the relevance and impacts of the related mitigation, and of defining 
the 
overall 
remediation 
strategies 
with 
an 
integrated 
gap 
management 
perspective, 
avoiding duplication, in compliance with the autonomy and independence requirements of the 
participating functions; 
• 
ensures the adoption of coherent and integrated reporting that allows for greater incisiveness by the 
control functions towards top management, allowing Corporate bodies for full knowledge and 
governance of risk factors. 
Recovery Committee (Comitato di recovery) 
This committee supports the Board of Directors in crisis management. It: 
− 
assesses the recovery indicators overrun, verifying the conditions to activate the Recovery Plan;

--- Page 135 ---
10287112522-v13 
133 
47-41075186 
 
− 
proposes to the Board of Directors the start of a crisis state, the potential Recovery Options to be activated 
and the communication strategy; 
− 
coordinates and monitors the implementation of the Recovery Plan; 
− 
analyses and validates, in advance, all communication strategies associated with the crisis; 
− 
monitors the implementation of the communication strategies, and eventual negative reactions by the 
markets; 
− 
validates, in advance, the corrective and / or mitigation actions in case of negative reactions by the 
markets; 
− 
monitors the overall effectiveness of the Recovery Options activated; 
− 
proposes to the Board of Directors the end of the crisis state.  
Subsidies Committees (Comitati agevolazioni) 
In order to ensure the separation regime between public funds management and other banking activities, in 
compliance with relevant external legislation and with the agreements signed by the Bank with Public 
Administration, specific Subsidies Committees are established for subsidies and public funds management.These 
committees’ functions are set out in the relevant legislation or applicable agreements. It resolves on the proposals 
for the acceptance or rejection of single transactions, revocations, waivers, settlements and in general deals with 
the Issuer’s involvement in subsidy schemes and on the commencement of legal action concerning such subsidy 
schemes. Where required, the Subsidies Committees approve the Issuer’s financial statements in respect of the 
subsidy funds made available for lending, commitments, ongoing insolvencies and subsidy schemes related 
disputes, and the amounts of fees and repayments due to the Issuer as manager of the subsidy funds. The 
committees determine the operating methods for subsidy related operations, including the relations between the 
Issuer (as manager), the intermediaries and the beneficiary companies. 
Furthermore, the Subsidies Committees manage operations and public funds to ensure that such activities are kept 
separate from the Issuer’s lending business, on the basis of the terms of the individual subsidy management 
agreements executed by the Issuer. The members of the Subsidies Committees (who may not be employees of the 
Issuer) are selected on the basis of the specifications contained in the relevant agreements and, if not otherwise 
specified therein or in the applicable regulations, are appointed by the Chief Executive Officer upon the proposal 
of the relevant public entities in charge of the management of each respective public fund. 
Internal control system of the Issuer  
The term “Internal Control System” indicates the series of rules, functions, structures, resources and procedures 
aimed at achieving the following objectives in line with prudent management:  
− 
verifying implementation of the company’s strategies and policies; 
− 
containment of risk within the limits acceptable to the Issuer and as indicated in the relevant framework; 
− 
safeguarding the value of the assets and achieving protection against losses; 
− 
ensuring the effectiveness and efficiency of the company processes; 
− 
maintaining the reliability and security of company data and IT procedures; 
− 
ensuring prevention of the risk that the company might be involved in unlawful activities; and 
− 
guaranteeing compliance of the transactions with the legal, regulatory and supervisory framework, as 
well as with the internal policies, regulations and procedures. 
The Internal Control System aims to: 
− 
ensure the completeness, adequacy, functionality (in terms of efficiency and effectiveness) and reliability 
of the risk management process and its consistency with the Risk Appetite Framework drawn up by the 
Issuer; 
− 
involve control activities which extend to each operating segment and hierarchical level; and 
− 
ensure that any anomalies are promptly brought to the attention of the appropriate organisational levels 
of the Issuer (to the corporate officers, if they are of a significant nature), so that appropriate corrective 
action may be taken as quickly as possible.

--- Page 136 ---
10287112522-v13 
134 
47-41075186 
 
The Internal Control System reflects the model defined by Bank of Italy, which involves three levels of control: 
− 
line controls (level one): these ensure that the transactions are carried out in a correct manner and are 
performed by the business and operating functions involved; 
− 
risk management controls (level two): these are carried out by the function responsible for risk control 
(which is responsible for risk control and validation), compliance and anti-money laundering, ICT and 
security risk. The heads of these departments have suitable levels of professional skills and are appointed 
and removed from office by the Board of Directors, after consultations with the Board of Statutory 
Auditors; the heads of these departments report to the Chief Executive Officer and have direct access to 
the Board of Directors and Board of Statutory Auditors; and 
− 
internal auditing (level three): this activity is carried out by an internal auditing function in order to assess 
in an objective and independent manner the effectiveness of the overall internal control system. The head 
of this function has suitable levels of professional skills and is appointed and removed from office by the 
Board of Directors, after consultations with the Board of Statutory Auditors; he reports to the Board of 
Directors. 
231 Decree Supervisory Body  
The other bodies involved in the Internal Control System are (i) the Board of Statutory Auditors, (ii) the 
supervisory body (the “Supervisory Body”) set up pursuant to the Legislative Decree 231/2001 (the “231 
Decree”) and (iii) the external independent auditors of the Issuer’s financial statements. 
The Supervisory Body is composed of three members: the chairman (an external professional with proven 
experience and expertise in possession of the independence requirements), another independent external 
professional in possession of the independence requirements and one company manager (Chief Internal Audit). 
The main objective of the Supervisory Body is to ensure the prevention of the offences referred to in the 231 
Decree, through the supervision of the adequacy and effectiveness of the organisational and management model 
adopted by the Issuer in accordance with the 231 Decree. The Supervisory Body operates on the basis of 
regulations approved by the Board of Directors and has its own budget as well as extensive powers of control and 
inspection at all levels of the Issuer. 
The 231 model adopted by the Issuer (the “231 Model”), which has as its aim the establishment of a system of 
rules to prevent unlawful conduct by employees and management, includes: 
− 
the Code of Ethics: approved by the Board of Directors, the Code of Ethics is an integral part of the 231 
Model. It sets out the general principles and the rules of conduct applicable to, inter alia, employees and 
collaborators; 
− 
the Supplier and Partner Code of Conduct: this code sets out, along with the general principles that 
characterise the ethics of the Issuer, the guidelines governing its relations with its suppliers and business 
partners. The Issuer asks its suppliers and business partners to align themselves with the Supplier and 
Partner Code of Conduct and to ensure their compliance at all levels of their respective supply chains; 
− 
the Operational Protocols: the operational protocols set out, for any relevant internal process, specific 
operational rules of conducts, controls, and the process owners accountable, with the aim of preventing 
crimes set out by the 231 Decree; and 
− 
the Violations Reporting System (whistleblowing): this is a reporting system made available by the Issuer 
to all its personnel and suppliers with the aim of preventing and correcting actions that could constitute 
a violation of the rules governing the Issuer’s activities, addressing positively the actions of those 
employees who, having become aware of the unlawfulness or illegitimacy of the behaviour of another 
person (e.g., inter alia, colleagues, managers, administrators), decide to make a report. 
Conflicts of interests  
As far as the Issuer is aware, there are no conflicts of interest between any duties to the Issuer of its directors and 
statutory auditors and the private interests, and/or other duties, of such persons, except for those that might arise 
from the positions held by directors and statutory auditors of the Issuer in other companies and/or institutions 
(including those described above). In any event, if any conflicts of interest were to occur, the relevant transactions

--- Page 137 ---
10287112522-v13 
135 
47-41075186 
 
would be submitted to the competent bodies of the Issuer in compliance with applicable rules and procedures of 
the Issuer concerning interests of directors and related parties’ transactions, as the case may be. 
Independent Auditors 
The Issuer’s independent auditors are Deloitte & Touche S.p.A.. Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. is registered under No. 
132587 in the Register of Accountancy Auditors (Registro dei Revisori Legali), held by the MEF, in compliance 
with the provisions of the Legislative Decree of 27 January 2010, No. 39. Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. has its 
registered office located at Via Tortona, 25, 20144 Milan, Italy. Deloitte & Touche S.p.A.’s independent auditor’s 
report on the consolidated financial statements as at and for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 
2023 are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS  
The Issuer has not entered into any material contracts, other than in the ordinary course of its business, which 
could bring about an obligation or right that is material to the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations to the holders 
of the Notes.

--- Page 138 ---
10287112522-v13 
136 
47-41075186 
 
TAXATION 
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force as at the date of this Information 
Memorandum and are a general overview of certain tax consequences in Italy of acquiring, holding and disposing 
of Notes.  
The following summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations which 
may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the Notes and does not purport to deal 
with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such as dealers in securities 
or commodities) may be subject to special rules. The following summary is based upon tax laws and/or practice 
in force as at the date of this Information Memorandum, which are subject to any changes in law and/or practice 
occurring after such date, which could be made on a retroactive basis. The Issuer will not update this overview 
to reflect changes in law and, if any such change occurs, the information in this overview could be superseded. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall tax 
consequences of acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or 
other amounts under the Notes. 
In any case, Italian legal or tax concepts may not be identical to the concepts described by the same English term 
as they exist under terms of different jurisdictions and any legal or tax concept expressed by using the relevant 
Italian term shall prevail over the corresponding concept expressed in English terms 
TAXATION IN THE REPUBLIC OF ITALY 
Tax treatment of interest and proceeds payable under the Notes 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as subsequently amended, (Decree 239) provides for the applicable 
regime with respect to the tax treatment of interest, premium and other income (including the difference between 
the redemption amount and the issue price) from Notes falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or 
debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni), issued, inter alia, by Italian banks.  
For this purpose, pursuant to Article 44 of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986, as amended and 
supplemented (Decree No. 917) bonds (obbligazioni) or securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle 
obbligazioni) are securities that: 
(a) incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, at redemption or maturity, an amount not lower than their 
nominal value;  
(b) attribute to the holders no direct or indirect right to control or participate in the management of the issuer or 
in the management of the business in respect of which the notes have been issued; and  
(c) do not provide for a remuneration which is entirely linked to the profits of the issuer, or other companies 
belonging to the same group or to the business in respect of which the securities have been issued.  
The tax regime set forth by Decree 239 also applies to interest, premium and other income from regulatory capital 
financial instruments complying with EU and Italian regulatory principles, issued by, inter alia, Italian banks, 
other than shares and assimilated instruments, as set out by article 2, paragraph 22, of Law Decree No. 138 of 13 
August 2011, as converted with amendments by Law No. 148 of 14 September 2011 and as further amended and 
clarified by Law No. 147 of 27 December 2013, by Article 9 of Law Decree No. 34 of 30 April 2019, as converted 
by Law No. 58 of 28 June 2019. 
Italian resident Noteholders 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is the beneficial owner of Interest payments under the Notes and is:  
(a) an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected;  
(b) a non-commercial partnership (other than a società in nome collettivo or a società in accomandita semplice or 
a similar partnership);

--- Page 139 ---
10287112522-v13 
137 
47-41075186 
 
(c) a non-commercial private or public institution (other than a company), a trust not carrying out mainly or 
exclusively commercial activities or the Italian State or other public and territorial entity; or  
(d) an investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation  
(unless the Noteholders has opted for the application of the risparmio gestito regime provided for by article 7 of 
Italian Legislative Decree No. 461 of November 21, 1997 (Decree No. 461) – see “Capital gains tax” below), 
interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes, accrued during the relevant holding period, are subject 
to a substitute tax, referred to as “imposta sostitutiva”, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. (either when Interest is 
paid or obtained by the holder upon disposal of the Notes).  
In the event that the Noteholders described under (a) and (c) above are engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to 
which the Notes are connected, the imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax. Interest will be included in the 
relevant beneficial owner's Italian income tax return and will be subject to Italian ordinary income taxation and 
the imposta sostitutiva may be recovered as a credit that can be offset against the income tax due. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident individuals 
not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected or social security entities 
pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may 
be exempt from any income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on interest, premium and other income 
relating to the Notes if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di 
risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth by Italian law, as amended and supplemented.   
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a company or similar commercial entity, or a permanent establishment in 
Italy of a foreign company to which the Notes are effectively connected, and the Notes are deposited with an 
authorised intermediary, interest, premium and other income from the Notes will not be subject to imposta 
sostitutiva, but must be included in the relevant Noteholder’s income tax return and are therefore subject to general 
Italian corporate taxation (corporate income tax, “IRES”, generally levied at the rate of 24%) and, in certain 
circumstances, depending on the “status” of the Noteholder, also to the regional tax on productive activities 
“IRAP”, generally applying at the rate of 3.9%.  
Under the current regime provided by Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001 converted into law with 
amendments by Law No. 410 of 23 November 2001 (Decree 351), and Article 9, par. 1, Legislative Decree No. 
44 of 4 March 2014, payments of interest, premiums or other proceeds in respect of the Notes made to Italian 
resident real estate investment funds established pursuant to Article 37 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 
February 1998 (the Financial Services Act) or pursuant to Article 14-bis of Law No. 86 of 25 January 1994, and 
Italian real estate investment companies with fixed capital (the Real Estate SICAFs and, together with the Italian 
resident real estate investment funds, the Real Estate Funds) are subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any 
other income tax in the hands of such Real Estate Funds, provided that the Notes are timely deposited with an 
Intermediary (as defined below), but subsequent distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders will 
be subject, in certain circumstances, to a withholding tax of 26 per cent.; subject to certain conditions, depending 
on the status of the investor and percentage of participation, income of the Real Estate Fund is subject to taxation 
in the hands of the unitholder or shareholder on a tax transparency basis, regardless of distribution.  
If the investor is resident in Italy and is an open-ended or closed-ended investment fund (other than a Real Estate 
Fund), a SICAF (an investment company with fixed capital other than a Real Estate SICAF) or a SICAV (an 
investment company with variable capital) (together, the “Funds”) established in Italy and either (i) the Fund or 
(ii) its manager is subject to the supervision of a regulatory authority and the relevant Notes are held by an 
Intermediary (as defined below), interest, premium and other income accrued during the holding period on such 
Notes will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of the Fund, but subsequent 
distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders will be subject, in certain circumstances, to a 
withholding tax of 26 per cent. (the Collective Investment Fund Withholding Tax).  
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by Article 17 of 
Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) and the Notes are deposited with an authorised intermediary (as 
defined below), interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes and accrued during the holding period 
will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the 
end of the tax period to be subject to a 20 per cent. substitute tax on the increase in value of the managed assets 
accrued at the end of each tax year (which increase would include Interest accrued on the Notes). Subject to certain 
conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, interest, premium and other income 
relating to the Notes may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if the Notes are 
included in a long-term savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the

--- Page 140 ---
10287112522-v13 
138 
47-41075186 
 
requirements set forth by the Italian law as amended and supplemented. Such categories are qualified as “gross 
recipients”. 
Pursuant to Decree 239, imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, Italian investment companies (società di 
intermediazione mobiliare) (SIMs), fiduciary companies, Italian asset management companies (società di 
gestione del risparmio) (SGRs), stockbrokers and other entities identified by a decree of the Ministry of Finance 
(each an Intermediary). 
An Intermediary must (a) be (i) resident in Italy, (ii) a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident 
Intermediary or (iii) an entity or a company not resident in Italy, acting through a system of centralised 
administration of securities and directly connected with the Italian tax authorities having appointed an Italian 
representative for the purposes of Decree No. 239, and (b) intervene, in any way, in the collection of interest or in 
the transfer of the Notes. For the purpose of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, a transfer of Notes includes 
any assignment or other act, either with or without consideration, which results in a change of the ownership of 
the relevant Notes or in a change of the Intermediary with which the Notes are deposited. 
Where the Notes are not deposited with an Intermediary meeting the requirements under (a) and (b) above, the 
imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld by any Italian intermediary paying Interest to the holders of the Notes 
or, absent that, by the Issuer and gross recipients that are Italian resident corporations or permanent establishments 
in Italy of foreign corporations to which the Notes are effectively connected are entitled to deduct the suffered 
imposta sostitutiva from income taxes due. 
Non-Italian resident Noteholders 
Where the Noteholder is a non-Italian resident without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are 
connected, an exemption from the imposta sostitutiva applies provided that the non-Italian resident beneficial 
owner (certain types of institutional investors are deemed to be beneficial owners by operation of law) is either 
(a) resident, for tax purposes, in a country which allows for a satisfactory exchange of information with Italy as 
listed in Ministerial Decree of 4 September 1996, as amended by Ministerial Decree of 23 March 2017 and 
possibly further amended according to Article 11(4)(c) of Decree 239 (as amended by Legislative Decree No.147 
of 14 September 2015) (the White List); or (b) an international body or entity set up in accordance with 
international agreements which have entered into force in Italy; or (c) a Central Bank or an entity which manages, 
inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or (d) an institutional investor, whether or not subject to tax, 
which is established in a country included in the White List, even if it does not possess the status of a taxpayer in 
its own state of establishment.  
The imposta sostitutiva will be applicable at the rate of 26 per cent. (or at the reduced rate provided for by the 
applicable double tax treaty, if any) to interest, premium and other income paid to Noteholders who are resident, 
for tax purposes, in countries which do not allow for a satisfactory exchange of information with Italy.  
In order to ensure gross payment, non-Italian resident Noteholders must be the beneficial owners of the payments 
of interest, premium or other income and (a) deposit, in due time, directly or indirectly, the Notes with a resident 
bank or SIM or a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident bank or SIM or with a non-Italian 
resident entity or company participating in a centralised securities management system which is in contact, via 
computer, with the Ministry of Economy and Finance having appointed an Italian representative for the purposes 
of Decree No. 239; (b) file with the relevant depository, prior to or concurrently with the deposit of the Notes, a 
statement (autocertificazione) of the relevant Noteholder which must comply with the requirements set forth 
by Ministerial Decree of 12 December 2001 (as amended and supplemented), which remains valid until withdrawn 
or revoked, in which the Noteholder declares to be eligible to benefit from the applicable exemption from imposta 
sostitutiva; and (c) the banks or brokers mentioned above receive all necessary information to identify the non-
resident beneficial owner of the deposited debt securities, and all necessary information in order to determine the 
amount of Interest that such beneficial owner is entitled to receive. Such statement, which is not requested for 
international bodies or entities set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered into force 
in Italy nor in case of foreign Central Banks or entities which manage, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign 
State, must comply with the requirements set forth by Ministerial Decree of 12 December 2001, as subsequently 
amended.

--- Page 141 ---
10287112522-v13 
139 
47-41075186 
 
Failure of a non–resident holder of the Notes to comply in due time with the procedures set forth in Decree 239 
and in the relevant implementation rules will result in the application of imposta sostitutiva on Interest payments 
to such non resident holder of the Notes. 
Atypical securities 
Interest payments relating to Notes that are not deemed to fall within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or 
debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) under Article 44 of Decree No. 917 and qualify as 
titoli atipici (“atypical securities”) pursuant to Article 5 of Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, as amended 
(Decree No. 512), may be subject to a withholding tax, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. For this purpose, bonds 
or debentures similar to bonds are securities that incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, at redemption or 
maturity, an amount not lower than their nominal value with or without the payment of periodic interest, and do 
not give any right to directly or indirectly participate in the management of the issuer or to the business in 
connection to which the securities were issued, nor to control the same.  
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident individuals 
not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree 
No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from any income 
taxation, including the withholding tax on interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes not falling 
within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni), if 
such Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo 
termine) that meets the requirements set forth by Italian law, as amended and supplemented. 
Where the Noteholder is (a) an Italian individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are 
connected; (b) an Italian company or a similar Italian commercial entity; (c) a permanent establishment in Italy 
of a foreign entity; (d) an Italian commercial partnership; or (e) an Italian commercial private or public institution, 
such withholding tax is a provisional withholding tax. In all other cases, including when the Noteholder is a non-
Italian resident, the withholding tax is a final withholding tax. For non-Italian resident Noteholders, the 
withholding tax rate may be reduced by any applicable tax treaty (to the extent the conditions for its application 
are met). 
Capital gains tax 
Any gain obtained from the sale or redemption of the Notes would be treated as part of the taxable income (and, 
in certain circumstances, depending on the “status” of the Noteholder, also as part of the net value of the 
production for IRAP purposes) if realised by an Italian company or a similar commercial entity (including the 
Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities to which the Notes are connected) or Italian resident individuals 
engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected.  
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is an (i) an individual holding the Notes not in connection with an 
entrepreneurial activity, (ii) a non-commercial partnership (other than a società in nome collettivo or a società in 
accomandita semplice or a similar partnership) or a de facto partnership not carrying out commercial activities, 
or (iii) a non-commercial private or public institution (other than a company), a trust not carrying out mainly or 
exclusively commercial activities, any capital gain realised by such Noteholder from the sale or redemption of the 
Notes would be subject to an imposta sostitutiva, levied at the current rate of 26 per cent. Under certain conditions 
and limitations Noteholders may set off losses with gains. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident individuals 
not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected or social security entities pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt 
from Italian capital gain taxes, including the imposta sostitutiva, on capital gains realised upon sale or redemption 
of the Notes, if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio 
a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth by Italian law, as amended and supplemented.  
In respect of the application of imposta sostitutiva, taxpayers under (i) to (iii) above may choose one of the three 
regimes described below.  
Under the tax declaration regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime for Noteholders under 
(i) to (iii) above, the imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be chargeable, on a yearly cumulative basis, on all 
capital gains, net of any incurred capital loss of the same kind, realised by the relevant investor holding the Notes 
not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity pursuant to all sales or redemptions of the Notes carried out 
during any given tax year. The relevant Noteholder must indicate the overall capital gains realised in any tax year,

--- Page 142 ---
10287112522-v13 
140 
47-41075186 
 
net of any relevant incurred capital loss of the same kind, in the annual tax return and pay imposta sostitutiva on 
such gains together with any balance of income tax due for such year. Capital losses in excess of capital gains 
may be carried forward against capital gains realised in any of the four succeeding tax years.  
As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Italian resident Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above may elect to 
pay the imposta sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of the Notes (the 
“risparmio amministrato” regime provided for by article 6 of Decree No. 461). Such separate taxation of capital 
gains is allowed subject to (a) the Notes being deposited with Italian banks, SIMs or certain authorised financial 
intermediaries (including permanent establishments in Italy of foreign intermediaries) and (b) an express election 
for the risparmio amministrato regime being timely made in writing by the relevant Noteholder. The depository 
is responsible for accounting for imposta sostitutiva in respect of capital gains realised on each sale or redemption 
of the Notes (as well as in respect of capital gains realised upon the revocation of its mandate), net of any incurred 
capital loss, and is required to pay the relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, 
deducting a corresponding amount from the proceeds to be credited to the Noteholder or using funds provided by 
the Noteholder for this purpose. Under the risparmio amministrato regime, where a sale or redemption of the 
Notes results in a capital loss, such loss may be deducted only from capital gains subsequently realised, within 
the same securities management, in the same tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. Under the 
risparmio amministrato regime, the Noteholder is not required to declare the capital gains in the annual tax return.  
Any capital gains realised by Italian resident Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above who have entrusted the 
management of their financial assets, including the Notes, to an authorised intermediary and have opted for the 
so-called “risparmio gestito” regime provided for by article 7 of Decree No. 461 will be included in the 
computation of the annual increase in value of the managed assets accrued, even if not realised, at year end, subject 
to a substitute tax at a rate of 26 per cent., to be paid by the managing authorised intermediary. Under the risparmio 
gestito regime, any depreciation of the managed assets accrued at year end may be carried forward against any 
increase in value of the managed assets accrued in any of the four succeeding tax years. Under the risparmio 
gestito regime, the Noteholder is not required to declare the capital gains realised in the annual tax return.  
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder who is a Real Estate Fund will be subject neither to imposta sostitutiva 
nor to any other income tax at the level of the Real Estate Fund, but subsequent distributions made in favour of 
unitholders or shareholders of the Real Estate Fund and income realised by the unitholders or shareholders in the 
event of redemption or sale of the units or shares in the Real Estate Fund will be subject, in certain circumstances, 
to a withholding tax of 26 per cent.; subject to certain conditions, depending on the status of the investor and the 
percentage of its participation, income of the Real Estate Fund is subject to taxation in the hands of the unitholder 
or the shareholder on a tax transparency basis, regardless of distribution. 
Any capital gains realised by an Italian Noteholder which is a Fund will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva. Such 
result will not be taxed with the Fund, but subsequent distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders 
and income realised by the unitholders or shareholders in the event of redemption or sale of the units or shares in 
the Fund may be subject, in certain circumstances, to the Collective Investment Fund Withholding Tax. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder who is an Italian pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by 
article 17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) will be included in the result of the relevant 
portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to the 20 per cent. substitute tax.  
Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, capital gains 
relating to the Notes may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if the Notes are 
included in a long-term savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the 
requirements set forth by Italian law, as amended and supplemented. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders, not having a permanent establishment in Italy to which 
the Notes are connected, from the sale or redemption of Notes traded on regulated markets in Italy or abroad are 
neither subject to the imposta sostitutiva nor to any other Italian income tax (subject to timely filling of required 
documentation (in particular, a self-declaration stating that the Noteholder is not resident in Italy for tax purposes) 
with Italian qualified intermediaries (or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign intermediaries) with which 
the Notes are deposited). The Italian tax authorities have clarified that the notion of multilateral trading facility 
(MTF) under EU Directive 2014/65/CE (so called MiFID II) can be assimilated to that of “regulated market” for 
income tax purposes; conversely, organized trading facilities (OTF) cannot be assimilated to “regulated market” 
for Italian income tax purposes. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders, not having a permanent establishment in Italy to which 
the Notes are effectively connected, from the sale or redemption of Notes not traded on regulated markets are not 
subject to the imposta sostitutiva, provided that the Noteholder is beneficial owner of the capital gain (certain

--- Page 143 ---
10287112522-v13 
141 
47-41075186 
 
types of institutional investors are deemed to be beneficial owners by operation of law) and: (a) is resident in a 
country which allows for a satisfactory exchange of information with Italy, as listed in the White List; or (b) is an 
international entity or body set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered into force in 
Italy; or (c) is a Central Bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or (d) 
is an institutional investor which is established in a country included in the White List even if it does not possess 
the status of taxpayer therein in any case, to the extent all the requirements and procedures set forth in Decree No. 
239 and in the relevant implementation rules, as subsequently amended, in order to benefit from the exemption 
from imposta sostitutiva are met or complied with in due time, if applicable. In this case, if the non Italian 
Noteholders have opted for the risparmio amministrato regime or the risparmio gestito regime, exemption from 
Italian capital gains tax will apply upon condition that they file in due course with the authorised financial 
intermediary an appropriate self-declaration (autocertificazione) stating that they meet the requirements indicated 
above. 
If none of the conditions above is met, capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders from the sale or 
redemption of Notes not traded on regulated markets and deemed to be held in Italy are subject to the imposta 
sostitutiva at the current rate of 26 per cent.  
In any event, non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the 
Notes are connected that may benefit from a double taxation treaty with Italy providing that capital gains realised 
upon the sale or redemption of Notes are to be taxed only in the country of tax residence of the recipient, will not 
be subject to imposta sostitutiva in Italy on any capital gains realised upon the sale or redemption of Notes 
provided all the conditions for its application are met. In this case, if the non-Italian resident Noteholders have 
opted for the risparmio amministrato regime or the risparmio gestito regime, exemption from Italian capital gains 
tax will apply upon the condition that they file in due course with the authorised financial intermediary appropriate 
documents which include, inter alia, a statement issued by the competent tax authorities of the country of 
residence of the non Italian Noteholders. 
Inheritance and gift taxes 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006, converted into Law No. 286 of 24 November 2006, as 
subsequently amended, the transfers of any valuable asset (including shares, notes or other securities) as a result 
of donation or succession of Italian residents and non-Italian residents (but in such latter case limited to assets 
held within the Italian territory – which, for presumption of law, includes bonds issued by Italian resident issuers) 
are taxed as follows:  
1. 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to an inheritance and 
gift tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent. on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding, for each 
beneficiary, €1,000,000;  
2. 
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to the third degree are subject to 
an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 6 per cent. on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. 
Transfers in favour of brothers/sisters are subject to the 6 per cent. inheritance and gift tax on the value 
of the inheritance or the gift exceeding, for each beneficiary, €100,000; and  
3. 
any other transfer is, in principle, subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8 per cent. on 
the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax is levied at the rate mentioned above 
in paragraphs 1, 2 and 3 on the value exceeding, for each beneficiary, €1,500,000. Under certain conditions the 
mortis causa transfer of financial instruments included in a long-term individual savings account (piano 
individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as set forth by 
the applicable law are exempt from inheritance taxes. 
Transfer tax 
Following the repeal of the Italian transfer tax, contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to the 
following registration tax: (i) public deeds and notarised deeds (atti pubblici e scritture private autenticate) are 
subject to mandatory registration at fixed tax amount of €200.00; (ii) private deeds (scritture private non 
autenticate) are subject to registration tax only in the case of voluntary registration (registrazione volontaria), 
explicit reference (enunciazione) or in case of use (caso d’uso).

--- Page 144 ---
10287112522-v13 
142 
47-41075186 
 
Stamp duty 
Under Article 13(2ter) of the tariff, Part I of the Presidential Decree No. 642 of 26 October 1972, as amended, a 
proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to the periodic reporting communications sent by financial 
intermediaries to their clients for the Notes deposited with such financial intermediary in Italy. The stamp duty 
applies at a rate of 0.20 per cent. and cannot exceed €14,000 for taxpayers other than individuals; this stamp duty 
is determined on the basis of the market value or, if no market value figure is available, the nominal value or 
redemption amount or in the case the nominal or redemption values cannot be determined, on the basis of purchase 
value of the Notes held.  
The statement is deemed to be sent at least once a year, including with respect to the instruments for which it is 
not mandatory the deposit, the release or the drafting of the statement. In case of reporting periods of less than 12 
months, the stamp duty is payable on a pro rata basis. 
Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy on 24 
May 2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the regulations issued by the Bank 
of Italy) of an entity that exercises in any form a banking, financial or insurance activity within the Italian territory.  
Stamp duty applies both to Italian resident and to non-Italian resident investors, to the extent that the relevant 
securities (including the Notes) are held with an Italian-based financial intermediary (and not directly held by the 
investor outside Italy), in which case Italian wealth tax (see below under “Wealth tax on securities deposited 
abroad”) applies to Italian resident Noteholders only. 
Tax monitoring obligations  
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted with amendments by Law No. 227 of 4 August 1990, 
as amended, individuals, non-commercial entities and certain partnerships (società semplici or similar partnerships 
in accordance with Article 5 of Decree No. 917) resident in Italy for tax purposes under certain conditions, are 
required to report for tax monitoring purposes in their yearly income tax return the amount of investments directly 
or indirectly held abroad. 
The requirement applies also where the persons above, being not the direct holder of the financial instruments, 
are the beneficial owner of the instrument. 
No disclosure requirements exist, inter alia, (i) for investments and financial activities (including the Notes) under 
management or administration entrusted to Italian resident intermediaries, (ii) for contracts concluded through 
their intervention, provided that the cash flows and the income derived from such activities and contracts have 
been subject to Italian withholding or substitute tax by the intermediaries themselves and (iii) for foreign 
investments only composed by deposit and/or bank accounts if their aggregate value does not exceed a Euro 
15,000 threshold throughout the year. 
Wealth Tax on securities deposited abroad 
According to Article 19 of Law Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011, converted into law by Law No. 214 of 22 
December 2011, as amended and supplemented, individuals, non-commercial entities, and certain non-
commercial partnerships (so called società semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with Article 5 of Decree 
No. 917) resident in Italy for tax purposes holding financial assets – including the Notes – outside of the Italian 
territory are required to declare in their own annual tax declaration and pay a wealth tax at the rate of 0.2 per cent. 
(IVAFE). Article 1(91) of Law 30 December 2023, No. 213 provided for an increase of the rate from 0.20 per 
cent to 0.40 per cent, only in the circumstance that the Notes are held in black list countries, listed in the Ministerial 
Decree No.107 of 4 May 1999. For taxpayers other than individuals, IVAFE cannot exceed Euro 14,000 per year.  
This tax is calculated on the market value of the Notes at the end of the relevant year or, if no market value figure 
is available, the nominal value or the redemption value or in the case the nominal or redemption values cannot be 
determined, on the purchase value of such financial assets held outside the Italian territory. Taxpayers are entitled 
to an Italian tax credit equivalent to the amount of wealth taxes paid in the State where the financial assets are 
held (up to an amount equal to the Italian wealth tax due). 
Financial assets (including the Notes) held abroad are excluded from the scope of IVAFE if they are administered 
by Italian financial intermediaries pursuant to an administration agreement and the items of income derived from 
such instruments have been subject to tax by the same intermediaries. In this case, the above mentioned stamp 
duty provided for by Article 13 of the Tariff attached to Decree 642 does apply.

--- Page 145 ---
10287112522-v13 
143 
47-41075186 
 
Luxembourg Taxation  
The following information is of a general nature only and is based on the laws presently in force in Luxembourg, 
though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. The information contained 
within this section is limited to Luxembourg withholding tax issues and prospective investors in the Notes should 
therefore consult their own professional advisers as to the effects of state, local or foreign laws, including 
Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for Luxembourg 
income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a withholding tax or a tax of a 
similar nature, or to any other concepts, refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. 
Withholding Tax 
1. 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, 
premium or interest made to non-resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of the 
Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of the Notes held by non-
resident holders of Notes. 
2. 
Resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 2005 as amended 
(the Relibi Law) mentioned below, there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, premium or interest 
made to Luxembourg resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of Notes, nor is any 
Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of Notes held by Luxembourg resident 
holders of Notes. 
Under the Relibi Law payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent established in 
Luxembourg to an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of Luxembourg will be subject to a withholding 
tax of 20 per cent. Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of income tax if the beneficial owner is an 
individual acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth. Responsibility for the withholding of 
the tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. Accordingly, payments of interest under the Notes 
coming within the scope of the Relibi Law will be subject to a withholding tax at a rate of 20 per cent. 
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA) 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
“foreign financial institution” (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes 
(foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. 
The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including the Republic 
of Italy) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States 
to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the 
provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not 
be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application 
of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever 
be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are 
uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA 
with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date 
that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the 
U.S. Federal Register and Notes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which 
final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be 
grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date. However, if 
additional Notes (as described under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes—Further Issues”) that are not 
distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are 
subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered 
prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should 
consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes.

--- Page 146 ---
10287112522-v13 
144 
47-41075186 
 
REGULATORY SECTION 
The MCC Group is subject to extensive regulation and supervision by, inter alia, the Bank of Italy and the 
Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa (CONSOB). The banking laws to which the MCC Group is 
subject govern the activities in which banks may engage and are designed to maintain the safety and soundness 
of such institutions and limit their exposure to risk. In addition, the MCC Group must comply with financial 
services laws that govern its marketing and selling practices. New acts of legislation and regulations may be 
introduced in Italy and the European Union that may affect the MCC Group, including proposed regulatory 
initiatives that could significantly alter the MCC Group’s capital requirements.  
The rules applicable to banks and other entities in banking groups include implementation of measures consistent 
with the regulatory framework set out by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the Basel Committee). 
In accordance with the regulatory frameworks described above and consistent with the regulatory framework 
being implemented at the European Union level, the MCC Group has in place specific procedures and internal 
policies to monitor, among other things, liquidity levels and capital adequacy, the prevention and detection of 
money laundering, privacy protection, ensuring transparency and fairness in customer relations and registration 
and reporting obligations. Despite the existence of these procedures and policies, there can be no assurance that 
violations of regulations will not occur, which could adversely affect the MCC Group’s results of operations, 
business and financial condition. In addition, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, certain laws and regulations 
have only been recently approved and the relevant implementation procedures are still in the process of being 
developed. 
BRRD and SRMR 
With regard to the regulatory framework applicable to the Issuer, it is noted the Bank Recovery and Resolution 
Directive 2014/59/EU of 15 May 2014 implemented in Italy with the Legislative Decree 180 and 181 of 16 
November 2015 (BRRD) as amended by the Directive (EU) 2019/879 (BRRD II) and implemented in Italy by 
Legislative Decree No. 193 of 8 November 2021 (published in the Gazzetta Ufficiale on 30 November 2021). 
Since January 2016, the Bank of Italy’s tasks have been performed in the context of the Single Resolution 
Mechanism (SRM) established by the Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 15 July 2014 (Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation or SRMR as amended by Regulation (EU) 
2019/877 of 20 May 2019, published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019 (SRMR II) 
and applying from 28 December 2020). 
The SRM and BRRD enable a range of resolution tools and powers to be used in relation to credit institutions and 
investment firms considered to be at risk of failing. Such instruments and powers may include the possibility of 
applying the “bail-in”, i.e. the power to reduce, with the possibility of cancellation, the nominal value of shares 
and the write-down of receivables due from the bank with their conversion into shares. The aim of the bail-in is 
to absorb losses and recapitalize the failing bank in order to ensure the continuity of its critical economic functions, 
protecting financial stability and minimizing losses to the taxpayer, while still ensuring that no creditor suffers 
greater losses than if the bank had been liquidated under normal insolvency proceedings. In the context of the 
bail-in, losses may be transferred, following a priority order and net of the exclusions provided for by the 
regulations, to shareholders, holders of subordinated debt securities, holders of senior non preferred securities, 
holders of not subordinated and unsecured debt securities, other unsecured creditors and, finally, depositors for 
the portion exceeding the guaranteed portion, i.e. for the portion exceeding Euro 100,000.00 per depositor. 
Furthermore, if the conditions are met, the Authorities may request the use of the Single Resolution Fund referred 
to in the SRMR, financed by contributions paid by banks. 
In the framework of the SRMR and BRRD, the centralized decision-making power for resolution is entrusted to 
the Single Resolution Board (SRB). In addition, the SRB cooperates closely with the national resolution 
authorities of Member States that are parties to the Banking Union. The national resolution authorities of Member 
States are empowered to implement the resolution schemes adopted by the SRB. In such a context, it is worth 
mentioning that on 18 April 2023, the European Commission published a legislative proposal on the Crisis 
Management and Deposits Insurance (CMDI) framework. The package consists of four legislative proposals that 
would amend existing EU legislation: the BRRD, the Deposit Guarantee Scheme Directive (DGSD) and the 
SRMR. New aspects of the framework could include: i) expanding the scope of resolution through a revision of 
the public interest assessment to include a regional impact so more eurozone banks could be brought into the 
resolution framework, ii) the use of deposit guarantee schemes to help banks, especially the small ones, to meet a 
key threshold for bearing losses of 8 per cent. of their own funds and liabilities, which then allows them to have 
access to the Single Resolution Fund, also funded by bank contributions, and help sell the problem banks’ assets

--- Page 147 ---
10287112522-v13 
145 
47-41075186 
 
and fund their exit from the market, iii) amending the hierarchy of claims in insolvency and scrapping the 
“superpreference” of the DGS to put all deposits on equal pegging in an insolvency, but still above ordinary 
unsecured creditors with the aim of enabling the use of DGS funds in measures other than pay out of covered 
deposits without violating the least cost test. The proposal was approved at first reading by the European 
Parliament on 24 April 2024 and is now awaiting evaluation and adoption by the Council of the European Union. 
The BRRD has also introduced requirements for banks to maintain at all times a sufficient aggregate amount of 
own funds and eligible liabilities (the Minimum Requirement for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities, MREL). 
From 1 January 2024, the Issuer and the other banks of the MCC Group have to comply with a binding target for 
MREL received from the Bank of Italy on an individual basis. Most recently, with a directive published in the EU 
Official Journal on 22 April 2024, the BRRD was amended by introducing the notion of entities subject to 
liquidation and specifying the conditions for the application of the consolidated treatment of 'internal MREL'. As 
for entities subject to liquidation (instead of resolution), the obligation to comply with the MREL has been limited 
to particular cases. 
CRR and CRD 
The Issuer shall comply with the revised global regulatory standards (Basel III) on bank capital adequacy and 
liquidity. The Basel III framework has been implemented in the EU through new banking requirements: Directive 
2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit 
institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms (the CRD IV Directive) and 
the Regulation 2013/575/EU (the CRR, together with the CRD IV Directive, the CRD IV Package) subsequently 
updated in the Regulation No. 876/2019 and Directive (EU) No. 2019/878 (the Banking Reform Package). 
According to Article 92 of the CRR, institutions shall at all times satisfy the following Own Funds requirements: 
(i) a CET1 Capital ratio of 4.5 per cent.; (ii) a Tier 1 Capital ratio of 6 per cent.; (iii) a Total Capital ratio of 8 per 
cent.; and (iv) a Leverage Ratio of 3 per cent. According to Articles from 129 to 134 of the CRD, these minimum 
ratios are complemented by the following capital buffers to be met with CET1 Capital: (a) Capital conservation 
buffer, institution-specific countercyclical capital buffer, capital buffers for globally systemically important 
institutions (G-SIIs); (b) capital buffers for other systemically important institutions (O-SIIs), Systemic risk 
buffer; and (c) a systemic risk buffer (SyRB) that each Member State may introduce in order to prevent and 
mitigate long term non-cyclical systemic or macro-prudential risks not covered by the other capital requirements 
set out in the CRD V Directive (as defined below). 
In October 2013, the Council of the European Union adopted regulations establishing the single supervisory 
mechanism (the Single Supervisory Mechanism or SSM) for all banks in the Euro area, which have, beginning in 
November 2014, given the ECB, in conjunction with the national competent authorities (NCAs) of the eurozone 
States, direct supervisory responsibility over "significant banks" in the Banking Union as well as their subsidiaries 
in a participating non-euro area Member State. Banks directly supervised by the ECB include any Eurozone bank 
that: (i) has assets greater than €30 billion or – unless the total value of its assets is below €5 billion – greater than 
20% of national gross domestic product; (ii) is one of the three most significant credit institutions established in 
a Member State; (iii) has requested, or is a recipient of, direct assistance from the European Financial Stability 
Facility or the European Stability Mechanism; and (iv) is considered by the ECB to be of significant relevance 
where it has established banking subsidiaries in more than one participating Member State and its cross-border 
assets/liabilities represent a significant part of its total assets/liabilities. Irrespective to the fulfilment of these 
criteria, the ECB, on its own initiative after consulting with NCAs or upon request by NCAs, may declare an 
institution significant to ensure the consistent application of high-quality supervisory standard.  
On the other hand, supervision of ‘less significant’ banks and banking groups is exercised directly by the NCAs 
with a view to unitary supervision guided by the general guidelines and instructions issued by the ECB. Some less 
significant banks may be qualified as “high-impact”, which is a factor that NCAs take into account when 
determining the frequency and level of detail of their supervisory activities. In addition, NCAs are obliged to 
notify the ECB of any material supervisory procedures or decisions in respect of these institutions, in line with 
Art. 97 and 98 of the SSM Framework Regulation. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issues is qualified 
as a “high-impact” less significant bank subject to the direct supervision of the Bank of Italy. 
On 7 June 2019, the legal acts “Risk Reduction Measures Package” regarding the banking sector have been 
published on the EU Official Journal. Such measures include, together with the amendments to the BRRD and to 
SRMR, (i) the Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council (CRR II) amending the 
CRR as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, 
counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment 
undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and (ii) the Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the

--- Page 148 ---
10287112522-v13 
146 
47-41075186 
 
European Parliament and of the Council (CRD V Directive) amending the CRD IV as regards exempted entities, 
financial holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers 
and capital conservation measures. The revisions better align the current regulatory framework to international 
developments in order to promote consistency and comparability among jurisdictions. 
Such measures entered into force on 27 June 2019, while a) the CRR II is applicable from 28 June 2021, excluding 
some provisions with a different date of application (early or subsequent), b) the CRD V Directive was to be 
implemented into national law by 28 December 2020 excluding some provisions which will be applicable 
subsequently. CRD V Directive has been implemented in Italy by the Legislative Decree No. 182/2021. The 
BRRD II has been implemented in Italy by the Legislative Decree No. 193/2021, which provides for, among other 
measures: 
• 
the determination of a minimum unit value for bonds and debt securities (Article 12-ter of the Italian 
Banking Act) issued by credit institutions and investment firms: 
1. Euro 200,000 for subordinated bonds and other subordinated securities; 
2. Euro 150,000 for senior non-preferred debt instruments (“strumenti di debito chirografario di 
secondo livello”); 
• 
the nullity of contracts entered into with non-professional investors (relating to investment services 
having as their object the instruments referred to in Article 12-ter of the Italian Banking Act issued after 
1 December 2021 (or equivalent instruments when issued by subjects having their registered office in a 
third country, under certain conditions) that do not respect the minimum unit value (Article 25-quater of 
the Financial Services Act); 
• 
the elimination of the ban on the placement of senior non-preferred debt instruments with nonqualified 
investors (Article 5 of Legislative Decree No. 193/2021), subject to the abovementioned provisions. 
Moreover, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (BCBS) concluded the review process of the models 
(for credit risk, counterparty risk, operational risk and market risk) for the calculation of minimum capital 
requirements, including constraints on the use of internal models and introducing the so-called "output floor" 
(setting a minimum level of capital requirements calculated on the basis of internal models equal, when fully 
implemented, to 72.5 per cent. of those calculated on the basis of the standardised methods). The main purpose is 
to enhance consistency and comparability among banks. The new framework was finalised for market risk in 2016 
and finally revised in January 2019. The new framework for credit risk and operational risk was completed in 
December 2017.  
The European Commission, published on 27 October 2021 the Banking Package 2021, which includes the 
proposals for the final implementation of Basel 3 in the European Union through a legislative package introducing 
amendments to the CRR, to the CRD, and also a proposal to amend the Capital Requirements Regulation in the 
area of resolution (the so-called “daisy chain” proposal). In June 2023, the EU Council and the European 
Parliament found a provisional agreement on the revisions to the Commission proposal. In line with the Basel 
standards, the EU Co-legislators agreed in restricting the usage of internal models for measuring credit risk on 
some specific portfolios and to return to a more stringent standardised approach as well as to eliminate internal 
models for operational risks. They also agreed to introduce the output floor, applied at all levels of consolidation 
(including “solo” level). The agreement shows that the Co-Legislators have taken into account some important 
European specificities that could mitigate the impact on the sector. In addition to the implementation of the Basel 
standards, part of the legislative package also aims to strengthen the resilience of the banking sector to 
environmental, social and governance (ESG) risks and to improve the Fit and Proper assessment framework. The 
banking package has been published on the EU Official Journal on 19 June 2024. 
The CRR III entered into force 20 days after publication in the EU Official Journal and some provisions are 
applicable from such date. The majority of the CRR III provisions will be applied starting from 1 January 2025, 
with certain elements of the Regulation phasing in over the years. Member States shall adopt and publish the CRD 
VI measures by 18 months from 9 July 2024 and they shall apply those provisions from one day after its 
transposition date. On 26 September 2023, the EBA published its second mandatory Basel III monitoring report 
based on data as of 31 December 2022 from a sample of 157 banks. A separate annex to the report also includes 
the impact of the proposals for the EU implementation of Basel III under the banking package. Based on the 
content of the package agreed so far, at Euro 0.6 billion of additional Tier 1 capital required for the entire EU 
banking sector, the estimated capital shortfall to comply with the Basel III reform has been practically eliminated. 
With update No. 38 of 22 February 2022, the Bank of Italy Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013 (Circular 285) 
was amended in order to provide, inter alia, the introduction of:

--- Page 149 ---
10287112522-v13 
147 
47-41075186 
 
i. 
the possibility for the Bank of Italy to activate the SyRB for banks and banking groups authorised in 
Italy. In particular, the requirement to maintain a systemic risk buffer of Common Equity Tier 1 is 
intended to prevent and mitigate macro-prudential or systemic risks not otherwise covered with the 
macro-prudential instruments provided for by the CRR, the anticyclical capital buffer and the capital 
buffers for G-SII and for O-SII. The buffer ratio for systemic risk can be applied to all exposures or to a 
subset of exposures and to all banks or to one or more subsets of banks with similar risk profiles; and 
ii. 
some macro-prudential instruments based on the characteristics of customers or loans (so-called 
“borrower-based measures”). Specifically, these are measures that are not harmonised at European level, 
which can be used to counter systemic risks deriving from developments in the real estate market and 
from high or rising levels of household and non-financial corporate debt. 
Following a public consultation procedure, on 26 April 2024, the Bank of Italy decided to apply a SyRB of 1.0 
per cent. of exposures towards Italian residents weighted for credit and counterparty credit risks. The SyRB applies 
to all banks and banking groups authorised in Italy. The buffer rate is imposed gradually: 0.5 per cent. by 31 
December 2024, and 1 per cent. (full rate) by 30 June 2025. The SyRB is to be applied at the highest level of 
consolidation for banking groups.  
Furthermore, with update No. 39 of 13 July 2022, the Circular 285 was amended in order to align its provisions 
with Articles 104 to 104c of the CRD V Directive. In particular, the amendments introduced to Part I, Chapter 1, 
Title III of the Circular 285 provide, inter alia, the introduction of: 
i. 
a clear differentiation between components of P2R estimated from an ordinary perspective and the Pillar 
2 Guidance determined from a stressed perspective which supervisory authorities may require banks to 
hold; and 
ii. 
the possibility for supervisory authorities to require additional capital in the presence of excessive 
leverage risk, under both ordinary and stressed conditions (P2R and Leverage Ratio and Pillar 2 Guidance 
Leverage Ratio). 
 
Regulatory and supervisory framework on non-performing exposures 
Among the measures adopted at European level in order to reduce non-performing exposures within adequate 
levels, worth mentioning are the followings: 
Guidance to banks on non-performing loans published by ECB on 20 March 2017 and Addendum to the Guidance 
to banks on non-performing loans published by ECB on 15 March 2018: the NPL guidance contains 
recommendations and lays out the bank’s approach, processes and objectives regarding the effective management 
of the exposures. The guidance addresses all NPEs, as well as foreclosed assets, and also touches on performing 
exposures with an elevated risk of turning non-performing, such as “watch-list” exposures and performing 
forborne exposures. According to the guidance, the banks need to establish a strategy to optimize their 
management of NPLs based on a self-assessment of the internal capabilities to effectively manage NPLs; the 
external conditions and operating environment; and the impaired portfolios specifications. 
On 15 March 2018, the ECB published the Addendum to the Guidance on NPL which sets out supervisory 
expectations for the provisioning of exposures reclassified from performing to NPEs after 1 April 2018 (the ECB 
Addendum). In addition, the ECB’s supervisory expectations for individual banks for the provisioning of the stock 
of NPLs (before 31 March 2018), was set out in its 2018 Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP) 
letters and the ECB will discuss any divergences from these prudential provisioning expectations with institutions 
as part of future SREP exercises. 
On 22 August 2019, the ECB decided to revise its supervisory expectations for prudential provisioning of new 
non-performing exposures. The decision was made after taking into account the adoption of the new EU regulation 
of that Banking Reform Package which makes further changes to the Pillar I treatment for NPEs (in revisions to 
the Capital Requirements Regulation known as CRR II). 
The initiatives that originate from the ECB are strictly supervisory (Pillar II) in nature. In contrast, the European 
Commission’s requirement is legally binding (Pillar I). The above-mentioned guidelines result in three “buckets” 
of NPEs based on the date of the exposure’s origination and the date of NPE’s classification: 
• 
NPEs classified before 1 April 2018 (Pillar II - Stock): 2/7 years vintage buckets for unsecured/secured 
NPEs, subject to supervisory coverage recommendations and phase-in paths as communicated in SREP 
letters;

--- Page 150 ---
10287112522-v13 
148 
47-41075186 
 
• 
NPEs originated before 26 April 2019 (Pillar II – ECB Flows): 3/7/9 years vintage buckets for 
unsecured/secured other than by immovable property/secured by immovable property, progressive path 
to 100 per cent.; and 
• 
NPEs originated on or after 26 April 2019 (Pillar I – CRR Flows): 3/7/9 years vintage buckets for 
unsecured/secured other than by immovable property/secured by immovable property, progressive path 
to 100 per cent. 
Action plan to address the problem of non-performing loans in the European banking sector published by the 
European Council on 11 July 2017: the action plan outlines an approach based on a mix of four policy actions: 
the bank supervision; the reform of insolvency and debt recovery frameworks; the development of secondary 
markets for NPLs; promotion of the banking industry restructuring. 
Guidelines on management of non-performing and forborne exposures published by EBA on 31 October 2018: 
the Guidelines aim to ensure that credit institutions have adequate tools and frameworks in place to manage 
effectively their NPEs and to substantially reduce the presence of NPEs on the balance sheet. Only for credit 
institutions with a gross NPL ratio above 5 per cent., EBA asked to introduce strategies, in order to achieve a 
reduction of NPEs, and governance and operational requirements to support them. 
Guidelines on disclosure of non-performing and forborne exposures published by EBA on 17 December 2018: in 
force since 31 December 2019, the Guidelines set enhanced disclosure requirements and uniform disclosure 
formats applicable to credit institutions’ public disclosure of information regarding nonperforming exposures, 
forborne exposures and foreclosed assets. 
Regulation (EU) 2019/630 amending CRR as regards minimum loss coverage for non-performing exposures: the 
Regulation establishes, in the context of Pillar I, the prudential treatment of the nonperforming exposures where 
the exposure was originated prior to 26 April 2019, requiring a deduction from Own Funds where NPEs are not 
sufficiently covered by provisions or other adjustments. The Regulation purpose is to encourage a timely and 
proactive management of the NPEs. The prudential treatment is applicable to: (i) unsecured exposures from the 
third year after the classification as NPE, (ii) exposures secured by immovable collateral and residential loans 
guaranteed by an eligible protection provider as defined in CRR, from the ninth year after the classification as 
NPE; and (iii) secured exposures, from the seventh year after the classification as NPE. The Regulation outlines 
the convergence process to its full application to secured and unsecured exposures classified as NPEs for less than 
3/7/9 years. 
Directive on credit servicers, credit purchasers and the recovery of collateral (COM/2018/0135): the European 
Parliament’s plenary approved the final text of the Directive aimed at achieving the development of secondary 
markets for NPLs in the EU’s markets standardizing the regulatory regime for credit servicers and credit 
purchasers. The second part of the Directive aimed at a better management of NPLs by increasing the efficiency 
of debt recovery procedures through the availability of a distinct common accelerated extrajudicial collateral 
enforcement procedure (AECE) is still put on hold. 
Opinion on the regulatory treatment of non-performing exposure securitisations published by EBA on 23 October 
2019: the Opinion recommends adapting the CRR and the Regulation (EU) 2017/2401 (Securitisation Regulation) 
to the particular characteristics of NPEs by removing certain constraints imposed by the regulatory framework on 
credit institutions using securitisation technology to dispose of NPE holdings. In preparing its proposal to the 
Commission, EBA outlines the fact that the securitisations can be used to enhance the overall market capacity to 
absorb NPEs at a faster pace and larger rate than otherwise possible through bilateral sales only, as a consequence 
of securitisations’ structure in tranches of notes with various risk profiles and returns, which may attract a more 
diverse investor pool with a different risk appetite. 
On 24 July 2020, as part of the Capital Markets Recovery Package, the European Commission presented 
amendments to review, inter alia, some regulatory constraints in order to facilitate the securitisation of non-
performing loans (i.e. increasing the risk sensitivity for NPE securitisations by assigning different risk weights to 
senior tranche) in order to promote the economic recovery after the COVID-19 crisis. The new measures - through 
the Regulation (EU) 2021/557 amending the Securitisation Regulation and the Regulation (EU) 2021/558 
amending the CRR - entered into force on 9 April 2021. 
In addition, the European Commission published in December 2020 a new Action plan on tackling NPLs. More 
in detail, in order to prevent a renewed build-up of NPLs on banks’ balance sheets, the Commission proposed a 
series of actions with four main goals: (i) further develop secondary markets for distressed assets (in particular 
call for finalization of the Directive on credit servicers, credit purchasers and the recovery of collateral; 
establishing a data hub at European level; reviewing EBA templates to be used during the disposal of NPLs); (ii)

--- Page 151 ---
10287112522-v13 
149 
47-41075186 
 
Reform the EU’s corporate insolvency and debt recovery legislation; (iii) Support the establishment and 
cooperation of national asset management companies at EU level; (iv) Introduce precautionary public support 
measures, where needed, to ensure the continued funding of the real economy under the EU’s Bank Recovery and 
Resolution Directive and State aid frameworks. 
On 8 December 2021, the European Commission finalised and published, in the Official Journal of the European 
Union, Directive no. 2021/2167 on credit services and credit purchasers (the NPLs Directive). The NPLs 
Directive is aimed at achieving (i) a better management of NPLs by increasing the efficiency of debt recovery 
procedures through the availability of a distinct common accelerated extrajudicial collateral enforcement 
procedure; (ii) the development of secondary markets for NPLs in the EU’s markets by harmonising the regulatory 
regime for credit servicers and credit purchasers. The NPLs Directive entered into force on the twentieth day 
following that of its publication in the Official Journal (i.e., 28 December 2021) and is expected to be implemented 
by Member States by 29 December 2023. At the date of this Base Prospectus, Italy has not yet implemented this 
Directive. 
Sustainable Finance 
Finally, it is worth mentioning the developments in the Sustainable Finance area. The banking system needs to be 
able to collect high quality data on companies’ sustainable activities and projects to contribute to the radical 
transformation towards climate neutrality and sustainability, which are the basis for green finance decision-
making and necessary to ensure that the banks shall comply with the regulations on the disclosure of financial and 
non-financial information. 
In May 2018, the European Commission published a package of legislative measures in order to promote a 
sustainable finance based on three building blocks that included: (i) a classification system, or “sustainable 
taxonomy”, (ii) a disclosure framework relating to sustainable risks and (iii) investment tools, including 
benchmarks, standards and labels. 
Taxonomy. The final text of the Taxonomy Regulation has been adopted by the European Parliament and Council 
and was subsequently published in the OJ in 2020. The Taxonomy Regulation is a classification system intended 
to address greenwashing and provide a tool to direct finance towards sustainable investments. The regulatory 
framework outlines definitions and specific criteria (technical screening criteria) to determine whether an 
economic activity can be classified as environmentally sustainable. 
The level II timeline to determine the specific technical screening criteria is progressing with criteria for the first 
two environmental objectives (climate change mitigation and adaptation) now adopted and applicable from 1 
January 2022. The remaining four objectives – sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources, 
transition to circular economy, pollution prevention and control, and the protection and restoration of biodiversity 
and ecosystems – were adopted by the EC in June 2023, and apply from January 2024. On 15 July, the Taxonomy 
Complementary Delegated Act covering gas and nuclear related activities was published in the OJ of the EU and 
will enter into force twenty days after the publication. The Delegated Act is applicable from 1 January 2023. 
Taxonomy Extension. In July 2021, the Platform on Sustainable Finance published a consultation paper on 
‘Taxonomy extension options linked to environmental objectives’; and a draft report on ‘Social Taxonomy’. The 
consultation paper asked feedback on the possibility to extend the EU Taxonomy to significantly harmful (SH) 
activities and no significant impact (NSI) activities and if this would fall within the overall framework of EU 
sustainable finance. The final report on a Social Taxonomy which looks at how to implement a social Taxonomy 
as well as how to make the two Taxonomies (social and environmental) work together was formally published by 
the Platform on 28 February 2022. The Finale Report on the extension of the Taxonomy to SH activities, 
intermediate activities and NSI activities was published on 28 March 2022. The Commission is expected to assess 
the two reports in due time and decide whether to put forward a legislative proposal on both Social and Extended 
Taxonomy. 
On 9 December 2019 has been published Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 on sustainability related disclosures in the 
financial services sector (the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation or SFDR), which lays down harmonised 
rules for financial market participants and financial advisers on transparency. The SFDR entered into force from 
March 2021, but the EC was mandated to adopt regulatory technical standards regarding the ESG disclosure 
requirements. The three ESAs (EBA, EIOPA and ESMA) published their report in February 2021 which was 
finally adopted by the EC in April 2022 and are applicable from January 2023. 
On 14 September 2023 the Commission published a targeted consultation to seek feedback on the SFDR from 
industry and other stakeholders, running until 15 December 2023.The consultation was aimed to assess the current

--- Page 152 ---
10287112522-v13 
150 
47-41075186 
 
requirement and also to explore potential changes to disclosures and the possible creation of a product 
categorization system. 
The Corporate Sustainable Reporting Directive (CSRD), published by the Commission on 21 April 2021, finally 
approved in December 2022 (with publication in the OJ), will review the existing Non-Financial Reporting 
Directive (NFRD) to reinforce disclosure obligations through mandatory reporting standards while broadening 
the application scope. The Directive proposes: 
1. an extension of scope to all large companies, all listed companies (except listed micro enterprises), non- 
EU companies with branches or subsidiaries in the EU above certain thresholds-undertakings); 
2. the requirement to specify in greater detail the information that companies should report (e.g., 
information about their strategy, targets, the role of the board and management, principal adverse impacts 
of the undertaking); 
3. the requirement to report against mandatory EU sustainability reporting standards; 
4. the requirement for an EU-wide audit (assurance) requirement for reported sustainability information, 
starting with limited assurance, later reasonable. 
The requirement to ensure all information is published as part of the firm’s management report and is disclosed 
in a digital, machine-readable format. 
The CSRD’s new sustainability reporting obligations apply to financial years starting with 1 January 2024 
(reporting in 2025), according to a three stages-timeline. 
On 21 April 2021, the European Commission published a package of measures on Sustainable Finance, which 
included proposals for inclusion of ESG into the existing MiFID 2 Regulation. Starting from August 2022, the 
financial advisors are required to gather information about ESG preferences of clients and take them into 
consideration when providing advice or propose financial products. Additionally, the financial institutions are 
requested to integrate sustainability factors, risks and preferences into organizational and operational processes. 
On 6 July 2021, the Commission published its communication on the “Strategy for Financing the Transition to a 
Sustainable Economy” (the Renewed Strategy), which is a complementary strategy to the 2018 Sustainable 
Finance Action Plan. The Renewed Strategy focusses on management of financial risk by the financial sector, 
including a focus on taxonomy and disclosures. It identifies four main areas where additional actions are needed 
for the financial system to fully support the transition of the economy towards sustainability namely: (i) financing 
the transition to sustainability (adoption of the Intermediate Taxonomy as well as the establishment of “significant 
harmful” and “non-significant impact” taxonomies), (ii) inclusiveness (extension of Taxonomy to social 
objectives. Publication of the Sustainable Corporate Governance and definition of green retail loans and green 
mortgages), (iii) financial sector resilience and contribution to sustainability (incorporate ESG risk in the 
Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process; regular climate change stress tests) and (iv) global ambition. 
Green Bond Standard. Alongside the Renewed Strategy, the Commission published its proposal for an EU Green 
Bond Standard (EU GBS) on 6 July 2021. The Regulation lays down the foundation for a common framework of 
rules regarding the use and designation of EU GBS for bonds that pursue environmentally sustainable objectives 
within the meaning of Taxonomy Regulation. The Regulation is mainly aimed at issuers who wish to use the 
voluntary EU GB standard. The political agreement was reached on 28 February 2023. 
The Regulation entered into force in December 2023 and will apply from 21 December 2024 with a transition 
period for certain requirements until 21 June 2026. The Regulation also sets up a system for registering and 
supervising companies that act as external reviewers for green bonds aligned with this framework. The 
negotiations are ongoing both in the European Parliament and in the Council. It is expected that the Regulation 
will be finalized by the end of 2022. On 6 July 2021, the European Commission adopted the Delegated Act on 
Article 8 under the EU Taxonomy Regulation which requires entities covered by the EU Non-Financial Reporting 
Directive (NFRD) to publish information on how and to what extent their activities are associated with economic 
activities that quality as “environmentally sustainable” under the EU Taxonomy Regulation. The application of 
the delegated act for financial institutions is limited in 2022 and 2023 to certain elements, while the remaining 
provision applies from 1 January 2024 (e.g., the Green Asset Ratio). The disclosure of the information related 
with banks’ trading book exposures and fees and commissions for other commercial services will apply from 1 
January 2026. 
On 25 November 2021, as part of the CMU Action Plan, the Commission published the legislative proposal for 
the establishment of the European Single Access Point (ESAP), aimed to ensure public and free access to financial 
and sustainability-related information across the single market with a view to meet investors’ demand. The scope

--- Page 153 ---
10287112522-v13 
151 
47-41075186 
 
of data accessible via the ESAP will include information published by entities under existing EU financial services 
legislation, with a phased approach The ESAP will enable any entity, in particular SMEs, to file relevant 
information voluntarily. Entities are expected to file the information only once to a collection body (for instance 
the Officially Appointed Mechanisms or an existing authority, at national or at European level). All the collection 
points will enable the ESAP to access that information via application programming interfaces (APIs). The ESMA 
will be in charge of building, operating and governing the ESAP. The information will be available for free and 
in data extraction format, with an increasing amount of information made machine-readable in the long run. The 
ESAP legislative package and, namely, Regulation (EU) 2023/2859 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
establishing a European single access point providing centralized access to publicly available information of 
relevance to financial services, capital markets and sustainability, Directive (EU) 2023/2864 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council amending certain Directives as regards the establishment and functioning of the 
European single access point and Regulation (EU) 2023/2869 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
amending certain Regulations as regards the establishment and functioning of the European single access point, 
were published in the European Official Journal of the European Union on 20 December 2023 and entered into 
force on the twentieth day following publication. 
On 23 February 2022, the Commission published a legislative proposal on Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence 
which creates a new obligation of due diligence mandating the management of companies to prevent, end or 
mitigate negative impacts on human rights and the environment stemming from a company's own operations, its 
subsidiaries and their value chains. It applies to all industries and companies of a certain size, including from the 
financial sector. The proposal is currently at the final stage of the legislative process. The European Parliament 
and the Council reached a provisional deal on 14 December 2023 which excludes financial services (downstream 
value chain of financial institutions) from the due diligence obligations. A watered-down version of the agreement 
was endorsed by the EU Ambassadors (COREPER I) and the EU Parliament Committee in charge of the file in 
March 2023. The interinstitutional agreement on the CSDDD was endorsed by the Parliament plenary session on 
24 April 2024. 
On 24 January 2022, the EBA published their final drafts on the implementing technical standards (ITS) on Pillar 
3 disclosures of ESG risks in accordance with Article 449a of the CRR. In defining the ITS, the EBA took into 
consideration the sequential approach followed by the European Commission (EC) for the disclosure obligations 
requested by Article 8 of the EU Taxonomy and proposed the disclosure of a Green Asset Ratio (GAR) for the 
exposures related to the NFRD companies starting from 2024, while it introduced a transition period until June 
2024 for the disclosure of the Banking Book Taxonomy alignment Ratio (BTAR - dedicated to exposures towards 
SMEs and non-EU counterparties) and for the banks’ scope 3 emissions. EBA confirmed that will review the 
disclosure requirements in 2024 to extend them to the other four environmental objectives and to the trading book. 
On 17 October 2022, the EBA accepted the EC’s proposed changes on how BTAR should be disclosed by financial 
institutions to emphasise that: i) credit institutions may choose to disclose the information regarding their 
exposures towards SMEs and non-EU counterparties instead of being required to report on a “best effort basis” 
and ii) that the collection of the information from the counterparties will be on a “voluntary basis” including that 
banks need to inform their counterparties about the voluntary nature of this request of information. The final 
standards were adopted by EC and are applicable as of January 2023. 
On 8 April 2022, the Bank of Italy published its supervisory expectations on climate and environmental risks, 
which are addressed to intermediaries subject to its supervision. These expectations, in line with similar initiatives 
by the ECB and other national supervisory authorities, contain a set of recommendations on the integration of 
climate and environmental risks into the business strategies, governance, control and risk management systems 
and market disclosures of supervised intermediaries. In the second quarter of 2022, the Bank of Italy carried out 
an assessment on the level of integration of climate and environmental risks in the management paradigms of 
some less significant institutions. In particular, the assessment covered the following areas: governance and risk 
appetite, materiality assessment, business model and strategy, and risk management. As a result of this assessment, 
the Bank of Italy published a report outlining some good practices observed and asked the less significant 
institutions’ governing bodies to approve an plan of initiatives aimed at defining, over the following three years, 
a path of gradual adaptation to its supervisory expectations. Based on the plans submitted by the less significant 
institutions, on December 2023, the Bank of Italy published a document outlining the main findings from the 
analysis of the plans and an update of the main good practices observed. 
On 12 October 2023, the EBA published a report on the role of environmental and social risks in the prudential 
framework of credit institutions and investment firms. Taking a risk-based approach, the report recommends 
targeted enhancements to accelerate the integration of environmental and social risks across the Pillar I. In 
particular, the EBA proposed to: (i) including environmental risk as part of stress testing programmes under both 
the internal ratings-based (IRB) and the internal model approaches (IMA) under the Fundamental Review of the

--- Page 154 ---
10287112522-v13 
152 
47-41075186 
 
Trading Book; (ii) encourage inclusion of environmental and social factors as part of external assessment by the 
credit rating agencies; (iii) encourage the inclusion of environmental and social factors as part of the due diligence 
requirements and evaluation of immovable property collateral; (iv) require institutions to identify whether 
environmental and social factors constitute triggers of operational risk losses; and (v) progressively develop 
environment-related concentration risk metrics as part of supervisory reporting. 
Digital Finance 
On 24 September 2020, the European Commission published a Digital Finance Package with the main aim to 
support the EU digital transformation of finance while regulating its risks. Four broad priorities guide the EU’s 
initiatives to promote digital transformation until 2024 with associated actions (legislative and non-legislative) 
that the Commission put forward in the next four years. 
Removing fragmentation in the Digital Single Market: in June 2021, the Commission launched a legislative 
proposal aimed at creating a European Digital Identity which will be available to all EU citizens, residents, and 
businesses in the EU. The proposal builds on the existing cross-border legal framework for trusted digital identities, 
the European electronic identification and trust services initiative (eIDAS Regulation). Adopted in 2014, it 
provides the basis for cross-border electronic identification, authentication and website certification within the 
EU. Thanks to the new digital identity wallet, users will be able authenticate digitally when logging into both 
public and private online services across the EU, or authorise online transactions, in particular where strong user 
authentication is required. Examples of these could be accessing a bank account, initiating a payment or applying 
for a loan. The regulation was adopted by both Parliament and the Council, in February and March 2024 
respectively. It will be published in the EU Official Journal in Q2 2024 and will be fully implemented by 2026. 
Adapting the EU regulatory framework to facilitate digital innovation: in May 2023, the Regulation on markets 
in crypto-assets (the so-called MiCAR) was published in the Official Journal. MiCAR entered into force on 29 
June 2023 and most of its provisions will be enforceable from June 2024 or December 2024. The main scope of 
the MiCAR is to ensure clarity and legal certainty for issuers and providers of crypto assets that are not currently 
covered by current EU legislation. Safeguards include capital requirements. Issuers of significant asset-reference 
token and e-money token (the so-called global "stablecoins") will be subject to stricter requirements (e.g., in terms 
of capital, investor rights and supervision). The Commission also proposed a Regulation on a pilot regime for 
market infrastructures based on distributed ledger technology (DLT) (the DLT Regulation), which allows 
temporary derogations from existing rules, for market infrastructures interested in trading and settling transactions 
in financial instruments in crypto-asset form. The DLT Regulation entered into force in June 2022, with most of 
its provisions that are applicable from 23 March 2023. The DLT Regulation has been fully transposed into Italy 
by Law Decree no. 25 of 17 March 2023, converted into Law no. 52 of 10 May 2023, which also sets forth 
provisions aimed at allowing the issuance and transfer of financial instruments in a digital form. In April 2021 the 
Commission also presented a proposal for a regulatory framework on Artificial Intelligence (AI) aimed both at 
promoting its development but also at managing its potential risks. The regulation, called the Artificial Intelligence 
Act (AIA), will create a comprehensive, harmonized, regulatory framework for AI in the EU, but will also impact 
use and development of AI systems globally, including within the financial services sector. The AIA will introduce 
a strict regime and mandatory requirements for ‘high risk’ AI systems, such as those used to evaluate 
creditworthiness of natural persons. Its entry into force is expected for Q2 2024. The regulation is likely to become 
applicable starting from mid-2026, with the exception of the provisions on prohibited systems, which are expected 
to become applicable at the end of 2024. The AI regulation proposal, agreed in negotiations with Member States 
in December 2023, received the final endorsement from the European Parliament on 13 March 2023. 
In October 2022, the European Commission adopted a legislative proposal to make instant payments in euro 
available to all citizens and businesses holding a bank account in the EU and in EEA countries. The proposal 
would oblige all credit institutions to offer (and receive) instant payments to all their customers through all 
channels (digital and traditional), already offered for SEPA Credit Transfer (SCT). Moreover, the price of an 
instant payment transaction should be aligned to the one of a regular credit transfer. All Payment Service Providers 
(PSPs) offering the service of sending euro IPs (Instant Payments) are required to check that the payee’s IBAN 
matches the payee’s name and must notify the customer of any detected discrepancy. EU Council and Parliament 
have adopted their respective revisions to the Commission text. The final Regulation was published in the EU 
Official Journal on 19 March 2024 and entered into force on 9 April 2024, 20 days following the publication. 
Application is foreseen after several months, (starting from 9 months from the entry into force) depending on the 
single provision. 
Promoting data-driven innovation in finance: in coordination with the PSD2’s review and building on initiatives 
in the data strategy (Data Governance, Data Act and the Digital Markets Act as well the Digital Services Act), on 
28 June 2023, the EC published a legislative proposal for a broader open finance framework. The proposal aims

--- Page 155 ---
10287112522-v13 
153 
47-41075186 
 
at establishing clear rights and obligations to manage customer data sharing in the financial sector beyond payment 
accounts: mortgages, loans, savings, investment, insurance and pensions. The legislative proposal foresees clear 
obligations for financial institutions (data holders) upon a request from customer to make their data available to 
customer without under delay, free of charge and in real-time. Additionally, banks have the obligation to make 
the customer data available also to other data users in a standardised way and subject to a compensation regime. 
Addressing the challenges and risks associated with digital transformation: in September 2020, the Commission 
proposed a Digital Operational Resilience Act (DORA) to prevent and mitigate cyber threats and enhance 
oversight of outsourced services. The legislation requires all interested firms to ensure that they can withstand all 
types of ICT related disruptions and threats and introduces an oversight framework for ICT providers, such as 
cloud computing service providers. The DORA entered into force in January 2023 and will become fully 
applicable in January 2025. 
In addition to the legislative initiatives included in the Digital Finance package, it is worth mentioning another 
initiative with very important implications for the financial sector: the increasingly probable introduction of a 
digital euro. On 18 October 2023, the Governing Council of the ECB decided to move forward to the preparation 
phase of the digital euro project. This decision follows the completion of the investigation phase launched by the 
Eurosystem in October 2021 to explore possible design and distribution models for digital euro. The preparation 
phase started in November 2023 and will initially last two years. It will involve inter alia finalising the digital euro 
rulebook and selecting providers that could develop a digital euro platform and infrastructure. The Governing 
Council has nonetheless clarified that the launch of the preparation phase is not yet a decision on whether to issue 
a digital euro. That decision will only be considered by the Governing Council once the European Union’s 
legislative process on the establishment of this currency, launched in June 2023, has been completed. 
Other Recent Securities Markets Related Regulations 
In November 2021, the Commission presented its official proposal for a Markets and Financial Instruments 
Regulation (MiFIR) review as part of a Capital Market Package including other legislative proposals (i.e., the 
creation of the ESAP – see above – and a review of the European Long-Term Investment Funds (ELTIFs) 
Regulation). Regulation (EU) 2023/606 (the so called ELTIFs II Regulation), specifically aimed at amending the 
ELTIFs Regulation as to the requirements pertaining to investment policies and operating conditions of ELTIFs, 
the scope of eligible investment assets, the portfolio composition, the diversification requirements and the 
borrowing of cash and other fund rules, was published in the Official Journal of the EU on 20 March 2023. The 
ELTIFs II Regulation entered into force on 9 April 2023, with most of its provisions that apply from 10 January 
2024. The EC MiFIR review aims at improving transparency and making the EU market infrastructure more 
competitive. The review is mainly focused on the establishment of an EU Consolidated Tape (CT) – a centralized 
database meant to provide a comprehensive view of market data – namely prices and volumes of traded securities 
across trading venues in the EU. The new rules amending the MiFIR entered into force on 28 March 2024, while 
certain elements of the regulation phasing in over the coming years. 
In May 2023, the European Commission published its Retail Investment Strategy legislative package with the aim 
of ensuring that the legal framework for retail investments sufficiently empowers consumers, encourages 
improved and fairer market outcomes and ultimately creates the necessary conditions to grow retail investor 
participation in capital markets. The Package consists of: (i) an Omnibus Directive amending the Directive on 
markets in financial instruments, Directive on insurance distribution, Solvency II Directive, Directive on 
Undertakings for collective investment in transferable securities, Directive on Alternative Investment Fund 
Managers; (ii) a Regulation amending PRIIPs (Regulation on key information documents for packaged retail and 
insurance-based investment products). In particular the package: (i) introduces a partial ban on inducements paid 
from manufacturers to distributors in relation to the reception and transmission of orders, or the execution of 
orders to or on behalf of retail clients (where no advice relationship exists between the investment firm and the 
client); (ii) introduces a Value for Money (VfM) approach amending product oversight and governance rules to 
ensure that undue costs are not charged and that products deliver VfM to retail investors, with specific 
comparability tools (benchmarks); (iii) obliges firms, to act in accordance with the best interest of their clients 
and customers, by introducing a new test; (iv) introduces revisions to the suitability and appropriateness 
assessment v) foresees the standardization of information on costs and charges, with a greater degree of detail. 
On 7 December 2022, the Commission published its proposal to further review the European Market Infrastructure 
Regulation (also known as EMIR 3.0) with the aim of reducing reliance from UK clearing houses and foster EU 
clearing attractiveness. The key part of the proposal is the introduction of the obligation for counterparties subject 
to the clearing obligation to hold an active account (AA) at an EU CCP, and clear with an EU CCP a portion of 
their trades of derivatives products considered of systemic importance to the EU or to one or more of its Member 
States (interest rate derivatives denominated in euro and Polish zloty, CDS denominated in euro and short-term

--- Page 156 ---
10287112522-v13 
154 
47-41075186 
 
interest Rate derivatives (STIR) denominated in euro). The Council and the EU Parliament reached a provisional 
agreement on the text of EMIR 3.0 in February 2024. In late April 2024 the EU Parliament endorsed its final 
position deleting and easing several proposals put forward by the Commission while the Council’s position 
definition is ongoing. Final phase of the legislative process is expected at earliest at the end of the 2024 after the 
EU election.

--- Page 157 ---
10287112522-v13 
155 
47-41075186 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of the Dealers. The arrangements under 
which the Issuer may agree from time to time to sell Notes and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree to purchase are 
set out in an amended and restated Dealer Agreement dated 2 August 2024 (the "Dealer Agreement") and made 
between the Issuer and the Dealers. 
Any agreement for the sale and purchase of Notes will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and 
conditions of the relevant Notes, the price at which such Notes will be purchased by the Dealers and the 
commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase. 
The Dealer Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and 
for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a 
particular Tranche of Notes. 
The relevant Dealers will be entitled in certain circumstances to be released and discharged from their obligations 
in respect of a proposed issue of Notes under or pursuant to the Dealer Agreement prior to the closing of the issue 
of such Notes, including in the event that certain conditions precedent are not delivered or met to their satisfaction 
on or before the issue date of such Notes. In this situation, the issuance of such Notes may not be completed. 
Investors will have no rights against the Issuer or the relevant Dealers in respect of any expense incurred or loss 
suffered in these circumstances. 
United States of America 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them 
by Regulation S. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax 
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States Internal Revenue 
Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes, 
(i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of 
the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche, as certified to the Paying Agent or the Issuer by such Dealer (or, in 
the case of a sale of a Tranche of Notes to or through more than one Dealer, by each of such Dealers as to the 
Notes of such Tranche purchased by or through it, in which case the Paying Agent or the Issuer shall notify each 
such Dealer when all such Dealers have so certified) within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution 
compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales 
of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any offer or 
sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
The Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per la Società e la Borsa 
("CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities legislation. Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that any 
offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other document relating 
to the Notes in the Republic of Italy will be effected in accordance with all Italian securities, tax and exchange 
control and other applicable laws and regulation. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution to copies to this Base Prospectus or any other document 
relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must be: 
(i) 
made by investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with the Consolidated Banking Act, the Consolidated Finance Act, 
CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (in each case, as amended from time to time) and 
any other applicable law and regulation; and

--- Page 158 ---
10287112522-v13 
156 
47-41075186 
 
(ii) 
in compliance with any applicable law, regulation, and requirement imposed by the CONSOB and/or 
another Italian authority (including, inter alia, where applicable Article 129 of the Consolidated Banking 
Act, as amended from time to time, pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request information on the 
issue or the offer of securities in the Republic of Italy and the relevant implementing guidelines of the 
Bank of Italy issued on 25 August 2015 (as amended on 10 August 2016 and on 2 November 2020). 
France 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, directly or 
indirectly, any Notes to the public in the Republic of France and it has not distributed or caused to be distributed, 
and will not distribute or cause to be distributed, to the public in France the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final 
Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes and such offers, sales and distributions have been and 
will be made in France only to (a) persons providing investment services relating to portfolio management for the 
account of third parties (personnes fournissant le service d'investissement de gestion de portefeuille pour compte 
de tiers), and/or (b) qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés), other than individuals, as defined in, and in 
accordance with, Articles L.411-1, L.411-2 and D.411-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948), as amended (the "FIEA"). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it 
has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer to sell any Notes in Japan 
or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, 
including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to others for re-offering or resale, 
directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident in Japan, except pursuant to an exemption 
from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, FIEA and other relevant laws and 
regulations of Japan. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown 
Prospectus) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this 
provision the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID 
II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, "EU Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of 
this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565, as amended, 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(as amended,"EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement the EU Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer

--- Page 159 ---
10287112522-v13 
157 
47-41075186 
 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014, as amended, as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Selling restrictions addressing additional UK Securities Laws 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity 
(within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of 
any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(b) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, warrant and agree, that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, it has complied and will 
comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells 
or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or related offering 
material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms 
comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country 
or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or have in their possession or distribute 
such offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to any 
specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s), or change(s) 
in official interpretation, after the date hereof of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be applicable but 
without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described above.  
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such supplement or 
modification may be set out in the relevant Final Terms (in case they are relevant only to a particular Tranche of 
Notes) or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 160 ---
10287112522-v13 
158 
47-41075186 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Listing and admission to trading 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the CSSF as a base prospectus. Application has been made for Notes 
issued under the Programme to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system as the Issuer(s) and the relevant Dealer(s) 
may agree or which are not admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system. 
Authorisations 
The 2024 update of the Programme has been authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer 
dated 26 March 2024. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals 
and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 529900N2ZB1B52JB2F83. 
Corporate objects 
The scope and objects of the Issuer, as set out in Article 3 its By-laws, are as follows: to carry out banking activity, 
as well as any other financial activity within the limits permitted by applicable laws and regulations, for the 
primary purpose of pursuing the objectives set forth under article 2, paragraph 162 of Italian Law No. 191 of 23 
December 2009 and, namely,  
(i) 
to increase the offer capacity of the banking and financial system in Southern Italy;  
(ii) 
to support the most creditworthy business initiatives, affecting the cost of procuring the financial resources 
needed for investments;  
(iii) 
to channel savings towards economic initiatives that create employment in Southern Italy. 
In particular, the Issuer (a) carries out the activities defined in article 2, paragraph 169 of Law No. 191 of 23 
December 2009; (b) promotes, according to market logic, criteria and conditions, the development of financial 
and investment activities, also in support of the companies and the employment of Southern Italy, in the manner 
and with the financial means provided for under article 1, paragraph 1, of Law Decree No. 142 of 16 December 
2019, converted into Law No. 5 of 7 February 2020, as amended; (c) operates as a guarantee bank in Southern 
Italy, also in favour of collective credit guarantee consortia (consorzi di garanzia collettiva dei fidi) and in support 
of the latter’s activities; and (d) carries out management and disbursement of public subsidies, including advance 
payments of contributions. The Issuer, in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, may acquire equity 
interests in Italy and abroad, as well as perform all banking services, strumental activities and, in general, any 
operation connected to its corporate purpose or useful for achieving it. 
The Issuer, in its role as parent company of the Mediocredito Centrale Banking Group, pursuant to Art. 61, 
paragraph 4 of the Consolidated Banking Law, issues, in exercising management and coordination, provisions to 
the members of the Banking Group for executing the Bank of Italy’s instructions in the interest of the Group’s 
stability. 
Share Capital of the Issuer 
The fully subscribed and paid-up share capital of the Issuer is €204,508,690.00, divided in 40,901,738 ordinary 
shares, with a nominal value of €5.00 each. 
Conditions for Determining Price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and each 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions.

--- Page 161 ---
10287112522-v13 
159 
47-41075186 
 
Litigation 
Save as disclosed in section headed “Description of the Issuer – Legal and arbitration proceedings” above, there 
are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings which may have, or have had during the 12 months preceding 
the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer and the 
Group and, so far as the Issuer is aware, no such proceedings are pending or threatened. 
No material adverse change / significant change 
Since 31 December 2023, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer and, since 31 
March 2024, there has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Group.  
Indication of yield 
For any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, the relevant Final Terms will provide an indication of the yield. As set out 
in those Final Terms, the yield will be calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price but should not 
be regarded as an indication of future yield. 
Documents available 
Copies of the following documents may be available for inspection on the Issuer’s website at 
https://www.mcc.it/emissioni/programma-emtn-2024/ for ten years from their publication and, for so long as the 
Programme remains in effect or any Notes shall be outstanding: 
(a) 
copy of the memorandum of association and By-laws of the Issuer, in English language; 
(b) 
this Base Prospectus, any supplements hereto and the documents incorporated by reference herein; and 
(c) 
any Final Terms relating to Notes which are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. However, in the case of any Notes which 
are not admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system, the relevant Final Terms will only be available for inspection by the relevant 
Noteholders. 
Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on the Issuer's 
website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
In addition, this Base Prospectus, each Final Terms relating to Notes which are admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and each document incorporated by reference are available on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website (www.luxse.com). 
Potential conflicts of interest 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in lending, advisory, 
investment banking and/or commercial banking or other related transactions with and may perform services for 
the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business and/or with companies involved directly or indirectly 
in the sectors in which the Issuer operates. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the 
Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity 
securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account 
and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or 
instruments of the Issuer or Issuer's affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending 
relationship with the Issuer and/or its affiliates routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer and/or its 
affiliates consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates 
would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default 
swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Any such short positions could affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and 
their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views 
in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, 
long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. For the purpose of this paragraph the term 
"affiliates" also includes parent companies. 
The relevant Final Terms will specify any other interests of natural and legal persons involved in each issue/offer 
of Notes under the Programme.

--- Page 162 ---
10287112522-v13 
160 
47-41075186 
 
Clearing of the Notes 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance by Monte Titoli. The Notes will be held in dematerialised form on 
behalf of the beneficial owners, until redemption or cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli, for the account of the 
relevant Monte Titoli Account Holders (including Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg). The relevant Final 
Terms shall specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Notes for clearance together 
with any further appropriate information. 
The registered office and principal place of business of Monte Titoli S.p.A. is Piazza degli Affari 6, 20123 Milan, 
Italy. 
Validity of base prospectus and base prospectus supplements 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this base prospectus after the end of 
its 12-month validity period.

--- Page 163 ---
THE ISSUER 
Mediocredito Centrale - Banca del Mezzogiorno S.p.A. 
Viale America 351 
00144 Rome 
Italy 
ARRANGERS AND DEALERS 
Banca Akros S.p.A. 
Viale Eginardo, 29  
20149 Milan 
Italy 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
PAYING AGENT 
Mediocredito Centrale - Banca del Mezzogiorno S.p.A. 
Viale America 351 
00144 Rome 
Italy 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to Italian law 
Legance – Avvocati Associati 
Via Broletto, 20 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
To the Dealers as to Italian law 
Clifford Chance Studio Legale Associato 
Via Broletto, 16 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. 
Via Tortona, 25 
20144 Milan 
Italy 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch 
60 avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg