--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus 
 
MEDIOCREDITO TRENTINO-ALTO ADIGE S.p.A. 
(incorporated as a company limited by shares under the laws of the Republic of Italy) 
€1,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, 
as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") and has been approved as such by the Commission de Surveillance 
du Secteur Financier (the “CSSF”). Under the €1,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the 
“Programme”) described in this Base Prospectus, Mediocredito Trentino-Alto Adige S.p.A. (the “Issuer”) may from 
time to time issue notes (“Notes”) in bearer form denominated in any currency, which may be governed by English 
law (the “English Law Notes”) or by Italian law (the “Italian Law Notes”). 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the CSSF in its capacity as competent authority in Luxembourg for 
the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation and such 
approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes. Investors should 
make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. In addition, the validity of the approval of 
this Base Prospectus expires on 19 July 2023. 
Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of 
this Base Prospectus to be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, which is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended. 
The Programme also allows for the issue of Notes that are: (i) admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such 
other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed by the Issuer 
or (ii) not admitted to listing, trading or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these 
risks, see “Risk Factors” below. 
Pursuant to the Programme, the Issuer may from, time to time, issue Notes in bearer form denominated in any 
currency to one or more of the Dealers specified on page 9 and any additional Dealers appointed under the 
Programme from time to time, which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis (each a 
“Dealer” and, together, the “Dealers”).  
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding under the Programme will not exceed 
€1,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described herein), subject to increase as 
described herein. As more fully described herein, Notes may be issued on an unsubordinated or subordinated 
basis.  
Arranger and Dealer 
IMI - Intesa Sanpaolo 
Dealers 
DZ BANK AG 
 
IMI - Intesa Sanpaolo  
Raiffeisen Bank International AG 
 
UniCredit 
19 July 2022

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
CONTENTS 
Page 
IMPORTANT NOTICES .......................................................................................................................... 3 
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS ......................................................................................................................... 7 
STABILISATION ..................................................................................................................................... 8 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION .............................................................................................................. 8 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES ..................................................................................... 8 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME .............................................................................. 9 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................... 17 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .......................................................................... 39 
FINAL TERMS AND SUPPLEMENTS .................................................................................................. 41 
FORMS OF THE NOTES ...................................................................................................................... 42 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES ............................................................ 46 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ITALIAN LAW NOTES .............................................................. 85 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................... 124 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ................ 142 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ....................................................................................................... 146 
OVERVIEW OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUER ..................................... 167 
TAXATION .......................................................................................................................................... 171 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE .............................................................................................................. 178 
GENERAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................................. 183

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and declares 
that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance 
with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect its import. 
The terms and conditions generally applicable to the English Law Notes and the Italian Law Notes are 
those set out in this Base Prospectus under, respectively, "Terms and Conditions of the English Law 
Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes" (together, the "Terms and Conditions" 
or the "Conditions"). Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out in 
the relevant Terms and Conditions, together with a document specific to such Tranche called final 
terms (the “Final Terms”). This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any 
supplements hereto and with any information incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any 
Tranche of Notes, must be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer 
accepts responsibility for the information contained in the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes 
issued under the Programme.  
Other than the information which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus (see 
“Information Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base 
Prospectus makes reference does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised 
or approved by the CSSF.  
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the 
Programme will not exceed €1,000,000,000 (and, for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another 
currency shall be translated into euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes (calculated in 
accordance with the provisions of the Dealer Agreement, as defined under “Subscription and Sale”)). 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be outstanding at any one time under 
the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant 
provisions of the Dealer Agreement.  
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers named under “Subscription and Sale” below that this Base 
Prospectus (including for this purpose, each relevant Final Terms) contains all information which is (in 
the context of the Programme and the issue, offering and sale of the Notes) material; that such 
information is true and accurate in all material respects and is not misleading in any material respect; 
that any opinions, predictions, expectations or intentions expressed herein are honestly held or made 
and are not misleading in any material respect; that this Base Prospectus does not omit to state any 
material fact necessary to make such information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in the context of 
the Programme and the issue, offering and sale of the Notes) not misleading in any material respect; 
and that all proper enquiries have been made to verify the foregoing. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained 
in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the 
Programme or any information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public 
domain and, if given or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having 
been authorised by the Issuer or any Dealer or any of their respective affiliates (including parent 
companies). 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates (including parent companies) have authorised 
the whole or any part of this Base Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or 
warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the accuracy or completeness of information contained in 
this Base Prospectus. The Dealers and/or any of their respective affiliates (including parent 
companies) accept no liability in relation to this Base Prospectus or any document forming part of this

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
Base Prospectus or the distribution of any such document or with regard to any other information 
supplied by or on behalf of the Issuer. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for 
or purchase any Notes and neither should they be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, 
the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates (including parent companies) that any recipient of this 
Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each recipient of 
this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation and 
appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise), prospects and credit-worthiness of the Issuer. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of 
any Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus 
has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event 
reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, in the prospects or financial or trading position of the 
Issuer since the date thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most 
recently supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in 
the document containing the same. 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in the light of its 
own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
• 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
• 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on 
its overall investment portfolio; 
• 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the 
currency in which such potential investor’s financial activities are principally denominated; 
• 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
• 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or 
review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to 
determine whether and to what extent (i) Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as 
collateral for various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of 
any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to 
determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
__________________________ 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the 
Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform 
themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
and/or any of their respective affiliates (including parent companies) represents that this Base 
Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any 
applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption 
available thereunder, nor do they assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or 
offering.  
No action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates (including 
parent companies) which is intended to permit a public offering of the Notes or the distribution of this 
Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes 
may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement 
or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under 
circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. 
PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS: If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client, as defined in 
point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 on insurance distribution (as amended, the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor, as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 
(as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPS Regulation. 
PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS: If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor, as 
defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPS Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET: The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance / Target Market” which will outline the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance 
Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Tranche of Notes is a manufacturer in respect of that 
Tranche, but otherwise neither the Arranger (as defined below) nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET: The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance / Target Market” which will outline the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook 
(the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be made in relation to each issue 
about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing 
for any Tranche of Notes is a manufacturer in respect of that Tranche, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of 
the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
For a description of certain other restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the 
Notes, see “Subscription and Sale” below.  In particular, Notes have not been and will not be 
registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) (the “Securities Act”) and 
are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, 
sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons. 
__________________________ 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION: Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to 
certain reference rates, including EURIBOR, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. If any such 
reference rate constitutes a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as amended, 
the "Benchmarks Regulation"), the Final Terms will indicate whether or not that benchmark is 
provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation (the “EU Benchmarks 
Register”). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, EURIBOR is provided and administered by the 
European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”), which is included on the EU Benchmarks Register. Not 
every reference rate will fall within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation. The registration status of 
any administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where 
required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any change 
in the registration status of the administrator.   
CREDIT RATINGS: Notes issued pursuant to the Programme may be rated or unrated. The Final 
Terms in respect of any Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme will specify the details of any 
rating attributable to such Tranche. Where an issue of Notes is rated, its rating will not necessarily be 
the same as the rating applicable to the Programme. More generally, a rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. The Final Terms relating to rated Notes will 
also disclose whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes 
will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency that is established in the EEA and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation") or (2) issued by a credit 
rating agency that is not established in the EEA but is certified under the CRA Regulation.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if 
such rating does not fall under one of the categories set out above. Any credit rating agency 
registered under the CRA Regulation will be entered on the list of registered credit rating agencies 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA"), which may be consulted on 
the following page on its website:  
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk 
* 
* 
* 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly, figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and 
figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which 
precede them. 
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or where the context requires otherwise:  
(i) 
the “Agency Agreement” means, according to the context, either the agreement defined as 
such in “Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes” or the agreement defined as such in 
“Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes” (being the issue and paying agency 
agreements relating to, respectively, the English Law Notes and the Italian Law Notes) and 
“Agency Agreements” means both of those agreements; 
(ii) 
the “Arranger” means Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. as arranger under the Programme;  
(iii) 
references to “billions” are to thousands of millions. 
(iv) 
references to the "Conditions" or to the "Terms and Conditions" are to the terms and 
conditions relating to the English Law Notes and/or the Italian Law Notes, as set out in the 
sections of this Base Prospectus entitled “Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes” and 
“Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes” (as applicable), and any reference to a 
numbered "Condition" is to the correspondingly numbered provision of the relevant Conditions;   
(v) 
references to “€", “EUR” or “Euro” are to the single currency introduced at the start of the third 
stage of the European Economic and Monetary Union and as defined in Article 2 of Council 
Regulation (EC) No. 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended;  
(vi) 
“IFRS” means International Financial Reporting Standards, as adopted by the European Union; 
(vii) 
the “Issuer” means Mediocredito Trentino-Alto Adige S.p.A.;  
(viii) “Italian GAAP” means generally accepted accounting principles in Italy, as prescribed by Italian 
law and supplemented by the accounting principles issued by the Italian accounting profession;  
(ix) 
references to a “Member State” are to a Member State of the European Economic Area;  
(x) 
references to “Pounds Sterling", “£” and “Sterling” are to the lawful currency for the time 
being of the United Kingdom;  
(xi) 
“relevant Dealer” means, in relation to each issue of Notes: (i) where Notes are (or intended to 
be) purchased by a single Dealer, that Dealer; and (ii) where Notes are (or intended to be) 
purchased by more than one Dealer, the lead manager of that issue of Notes; 
(xii) 
references to “U.S.$", “U.S. dollars” or “dollars” are to the lawful currency for the time being of 
the United States.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as 
the Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting 
the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. 
However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or 
after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than 
the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the 
date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-
allotment shall be conducted in accordance with all applicable laws, regulations and rules.  
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION  
This Base Prospectus contains information and statistics which are derived from, or are based upon, 
the Issuer’s analysis of data obtained from the Italian National Institute of Statistics (Istituto Nazionale 
di Statistica or “ISTAT”). Such information has been reproduced accurately in this Base Prospectus 
and, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by ISTAT, no 
facts have been omitted which would render such reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.  
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
This Base Prospectus contains certain performance measures which, although not recognised as 
financial measures under IFRS, are used by the management of the Issuer to monitor its financial and 
operating performance, including Return on equity, Net bad loans to total net loans to customers and 
Net unlikely to pay loans to total loans to customers. Additional information on the use, calculation and 
significance of those performance measures is set out in Annex 3 (Glossary of ratios) to the Issuer’s 
2021 Annual Report, which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus (see “Information 
Incorporated by Reference” below). 
Investors should be aware that:  
• 
the above measures are not recognised as a measure of performance under IFRS and, 
although derived from the Issuer's financial statements, are not audited 
• 
they should not be regarded as an alternative to operating income or net income or any other 
performance measures recognised as being in accordance with IFRS or any other generally 
accepted accounting principles;  
• 
they are used by management to monitor the underlying performance of the business and 
operations but are not indicative of the historical operating results of the Issuer, nor are they 
meant to be predictive of future results;  
• 
the above measures should be read in conjunction with the Issuer's financial information from 
the Issuer's financial statements incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus; and  
• 
since not all companies calculate these measures in an identical manner, the Issuer’s 
presentation of them may not be comparable to similar measures used by other companies.  
In view of the above, investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any such data.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
This section is a general description of the Programme, as provided for under Article 25(1)(b) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation. The 
following description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus. Words and expressions defined in “Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes” below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus shall have the same meanings in this 
section. 
Issuer: 
Mediocredito Trentino-Alto Adige S.p.A. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
81560023A3EC94499D08 
Arranger: 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Dealers: 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank, 
Frankfurt am Main 
Raiffeisen Bank International AG 
UniCredit Bank AG 
and any other Dealer appointed from time to time by the 
Issuer, either generally in respect of the Programme or in 
relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
Fiscal Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon 
Luxembourg Listing Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Listing and Trading:  
Application has been made for Notes to be admitted during 
the period of twelve months after the date hereof to listing on 
the official list and to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Programme also permits 
Notes to be issued on the basis that they are (i) admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further 
competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation 
systems as may be agreed with the Issuer, or (ii) not 
admitted to listing, trading or quotation by any competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Clearing Systems:  
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or, in 
relation to any Tranche of Notes, any other clearing system 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Initial Programme Amount: 
Up to €1,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) 
aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one 
time. 
Issuance in Series:  
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise 
one or more Tranches issued on different issue dates. The 
Notes of each Series will all be subject to identical terms, 
except that the Issue Date, the Interest Commencement 
Date, the Issue Price and the amount and date of the first 
payment of interest may be different in respect of different 
Tranches and each Tranche may comprise Notes of

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
different denominations. 
Final Terms:  
Notes issued under the Programme will be issued pursuant 
to this Base Prospectus and associated Final Terms. The 
terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of 
Notes are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, together 
with the relevant Final Terms. 
Forms of Notes: 
Notes may only be issued in bearer form. Each Tranche of 
Notes will initially be in the form of either a Temporary 
Global Note or a Permanent Global Note, both of which may 
in turn be in the form of either a Classic Global Note or a 
New Global Note. Each Classic Global Note will be 
deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a 
depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system and each New Global Note will be deposited on or 
around the relevant issue date with a common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. The Final 
Terms will specify whether the Notes are issued in the form 
of a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note 
and, in either case, whether they are issued in the form of 
Classic Global Note or a New Global Note.  
Each Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note or, if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, for Definitive Notes. If the TEFRA D Rules are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, 
certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership will be a 
condition precedent to any exchange of an interest in a 
Temporary Global Note or receipt of any payment of interest 
in respect of a Temporary Global Note. Each Permanent 
Global Note will be exchangeable for Definitive Notes in 
accordance with its terms. Definitive Notes will, if interest-
bearing, have Coupons attached and, if appropriate, a Talon 
for further Coupons. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in euro or in any other currency 
or currencies, subject to compliance with all applicable legal 
and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements.  
Status of the Notes: 
Notes may be issued on a subordinated or unsubordinated 
basis, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
(i) 
Status of Senior Preferred Notes: 
 
Senior Preferred Notes will constitute direct, general, 
unconditional, 
unsubordinated 
and 
unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer which will at all times rank 
(a) pari passu among themselves and at least pari 
passu 
with 
all 
other 
present 
and 
future 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer, save for such obligations as may be preferred

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of 
general application, but (b) senior to Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, Subordinated Notes and any further 
obligations permitted by law to rank junior to the 
Senior Preferred Notes. See Condition 4(a) (Status of 
Senior Preferred Notes). 
 
(ii) 
Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes: 
 
Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Notes 
and 
any 
related 
Coupons 
constitute 
direct, 
unconditional, 
unsubordinated, 
unsecured 
and 
non-preferred 
obligations of the Issuer, ranking (a) junior to Senior 
Preferred Notes and any other unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer which rank, 
or are expressed to rank by their terms and/or 
provisions of law, senior to Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, including claims arising from the excluded 
liabilities within the meaning of Article 72a(2) of the 
CRR and (b) at least pari passu without any 
preferences among themselves, and with all other 
present or future unsubordinated and non-preferred 
obligations of the Issuer which do not rank or are not 
expressed by their terms and/or provisions of law to 
rank junior or senior to the relevant Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and (c) in priority to Subordinated 
Notes, any other subordinated obligations and the 
claims of shareholders of the Issuer. See Condition 
4(b) (Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes).  
 
(iii) 
Status of Subordinated Notes: 
 
Subordinated Notes and any related Coupons 
constitute 
direct, 
unconditional 
and 
unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer subordinated as described 
below. Save as provided in Condition 4(d) (Status of 
disqualified Subordinated Notes), the Subordinated 
Notes rank pari passu without any preference among 
themselves. 
In 
relation 
to 
each 
Series 
of 
Subordinated Notes, all Subordinated Notes of such 
Series will be treated equally and all amounts paid by 
the Issuer in respect of principal and interest thereon 
will be paid pro rata on all Subordinated Notes of 
such Series. 
In the event of the winding up, dissolution, liquidation 
or bankruptcy (including, inter alia, liquidazione coatta 
amministrativa of the Issuer), for so long as any 
Series of Subordinated Notes qualifies, in whole or in 
part, as Tier II Capital, the payment obligations of the 
Issuer under each such Series of Subordinated 
Notes, and the relative Coupons as the case may be,

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
will rank in right of payment (A) after unsubordinated 
unsecured creditors (including depositors and any 
holder of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and their respective Coupons) of the 
Issuer and all other creditors of the Issuer holding 
instruments that are less subordinated than the 
Subordinated Notes (including any subordinated 
instruments that have ceased to qualify, in their 
entirety, as own fund items (elementi di fondi propri)) 
but (B) at least pari passu with all other subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer which do not rank or are not 
expressed by their terms to rank junior or senior to 
such Series of Subordinated Notes, including holders 
of present or future outstanding Tier II Capital of the 
Issuer and (C) in priority to the claims of shareholders 
of the Issuer and to the claims of creditors of the 
Issuer 
holding 
instruments 
that 
are 
more 
subordinated than the Subordinated Notes. 
If any Series of Subordinated Notes does not qualify 
(or cease to qualify) in their entirety as own funds 
items (elementi di fondi propri), such Subordinated 
Notes will rank pari passu without any preference 
among themselves and: (A) at least pari passu with 
the Issuer's obligations in respect of any other 
subordinated instruments that have ceased to qualify, 
in their entirety, as own funds items (elementi di fondi 
propri) and with all other subordinated indebtedness 
of the Issuer that has such ranking; (B) in priority to 
payments to holders of present or future outstanding 
indebtedness which qualifies, in whole or in part, as 
own funds items (elementi di fondi propri), including 
Additional Tier 1 Capital and Tier II Capital; and (C) 
junior in right of payment to the payment of any 
present or future claims of depositors of the Issuer 
and any other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer 
(including Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes). 
Issue Price: 
Notes will be issued on a fully paid basis and may be issued 
at any price, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. The 
price and the amount of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with the 
prevailing market conditions. 
Maturities: 
Any maturity, subject, in relation to specific currencies, to 
compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or 
central bank requirements. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes must have an original maturity 
of not less than twelve months and Subordinated Notes

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
must have an original maturity of not less than five years. 
 
Where Notes have a maturity of less than one year and 
either (a) the issue proceeds are received by the Issuer in 
the United Kingdom or (b) the activity of issuing the Notes is 
carried on from an establishment maintained by the Issuer in 
the United Kingdom, such Notes must: (i) have a minimum 
redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies) and be issued only to persons whose ordinary 
activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to 
expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; 
or (ii) be issued in other circumstances which do not 
constitute a contravention by the Issuer of section 19 of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. 
Redemption Amount:  
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption or repayment, the Notes will be redeemable at 
par. 
Optional Redemption: 
Subject to the Capital Adequacy Regulations, Notes may be 
redeemed before their stated maturity at the option of the 
Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or (in the case of 
Senior Notes only) the Noteholders to the extent (if at all) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
The Optional Redemption Date (Call) must not be earlier 
than five years after the Issue Date in the case of 
Subordinated Notes and not earlier than 12 months after the 
Issue Date in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes.  
Tax or Regulatory Redemption:  
Except as described in “Optional Redemption” above, early 
redemption will only be permitted for tax reasons, as 
described in Condition 11(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), 
or for regulatory reasons, in the case of Senior Notes, 
following a MREL Disqualification Event or, in the case of 
Subordinated Notes, following a Tier II Disqualification 
Event, all as described in Condition 11(c) (Redemption for 
regulatory reasons) respectively. 
Conditions to early redemption: 
Early redemption of any Notes, as described in “Optional 
Redemption” and “Tax or Regulatory Redemption” above, is 
subject to: (i) in the case of Senior Notes, compliance by the 
Issuer with any condition to redemption under the MREL 
Requirements; and (ii) in the case of Subordinated Notes, 
prior approval of the Regulatory Authority and compliance by 
the Issuer with any alternative or additional pre-conditions to 
redemption set out in the relevant Capital Adequacy 
Regulations. 
Interest:  
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
Interest (if any) may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate 
or a combination of the two and the method of calculating 
interest may vary between the issue date and the maturity 
date of the relevant Series. In addition, Notes bearing 
interest at a fixed rate may contain provisions for interest to 
be reset on one or more occasions by reference to a mid-
market swap rate. 
Benchmark discontinuation: 
As set out further detail in Condition 8 (Benchmark 
Replacement), on the occurrence of a Benchmark Event 
and subject to certain conditions, the Issuer will use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint as soon as reasonably 
practicable, at the Issuer's own expense, an Independent 
Reference Rate Adviser to determine a Successor Rate, 
failing which an Alternative Rate and, in either case, an 
Adjustment 
Spread, 
if 
any, 
and 
any 
Benchmark 
Amendments. If the Issuer is unable to appoint an 
Independent Reference Rate Adviser or the Independent 
Reference Rate Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the Issuer (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may 
itself determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Rate. 
Denominations:  
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to compliance 
with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central 
bank requirements and save that the minimum denomination 
of each Note will be:  
(1)  
in the case of Senior Preferred Notes that are 
admitted to trading on a regulated market within the 
European Economic Area in circumstances which 
require the publication of a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation, €100,000; 
(2)  
in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, €150,000; 
or  
(3)  
in the case of Subordinated Notes, €200,000, 
or, in each of the above cases, if the Notes are denominated 
in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such 
currency or such other minimum denomination provided for 
by applicable law from time to time. 
Negative Pledge:  
The Notes will not have the benefit of a negative pledge. 
Events of Default:  
The Notes will not have the benefit of a cross default and the 
events of default in respect of the Notes are limited to 
circumstances in which the Issuer becomes subject to 
winding-up or an analogous event as set out in Condition 
14 (Events of Default and Remedies).

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
Taxation:  
All payments in respect of Notes will be made free and clear 
of withholding or deduction for taxes of Italy, unless the 
withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, the 
Issuer will (subject as provided in Condition 13 (Taxation)) 
pay such additional amounts as will result in the Noteholders 
receiving such amounts as they would have received in 
respect of such Notes had no such withholding or deduction 
been required. 
 
However, as more fully set out in Condition 13 (Taxation), 
the Issuer will not be liable to pay any additional amounts to 
holders of the Notes with respect to certain withholding or 
deductions, including any payment, withholding or deduction 
pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 
1996 (as subsequently amended and supplemented and 
related implementing regulations which have been or may 
subsequently be enacted) on account of Italian substitute tax 
(imposta sostitutiva), as defined therein in relation to interest 
or premium payable on, or other income deriving from, any 
Notes. 
Variation and Substitution:  
If Variation or Substitution is specified as being applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms, with respect to: 
(1) 
any Series of Senior Notes, if at any time a MREL 
Disqualification Event occurs; and  
(2)  
all Notes in order to ensure the effectiveness and 
enforceability 
of 
Condition 
24 
(Contractual 
Recognition of Bail-in Powers);  
the Issuer may at any time, subject to giving any notice 
required to be given to, and receiving any consent required 
from, the Regulatory Authority and/or as appropriate the 
Resolution Authority and having given the notice specified in 
the Final Terms to the relevant Noteholders (but without 
having to seek their consent), either substitute all (but not 
some only) of such Notes or vary the terms of such Notes so 
that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying 
Notes, provided that such variation or substitution does not 
itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the varied 
or substituted securities.  
Governing Law:  
The English Law Notes and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes are governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law, 
except for Conditions 4(b) (Status of Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes), 
4(c) (Status 
of 
Subordinated 
Notes) 
and 
24 (Contractual Recognition of Bail-in Powers), and any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with those Conditions, which are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, Italian law.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
The Italian Law Notes and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes are governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
Enforcement of Notes in Global Form: 
In the case of English Law Notes in the form of a Global 
Note, individual investors’ rights against the Issuer will be 
governed by a Deed of Covenant dated 19 July 2022, a 
copy of which will be available for inspection at the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent. 
Ratings:  
Notes issued pursuant to the Programme may be rated or 
unrated. Where an issue of Notes is rated, its rating will not 
necessarily be the same as the rating applicable to the 
Programme. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, 
sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency.  
Selling Restrictions:  
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and 
deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of offering 
material in the United States of America, the European 
Economic Area (including Italy), the United Kingdom and 
Japan, see “Subscription and Sale” below. 
Risk Factors:  
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability 
to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the 
Programme. These are set out under the section of this 
Base Prospectus entitled “Risk Factors” above and include 
risks relating to general economic conditions, risks related to 
the Issuer’s business activities and industry and risks 
relating to the regulatory framework. In addition, there are 
certain material risks that are specific to the Notes and 
include risks relating to the Notes that may be issued under 
the Programme, risks relating to the structure of a particular 
issue of Notes and risks relating to the market generally.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks. Prior to investing in the Notes, 
prospective investors should carefully consider risk factors associated with any investment in the 
Notes, the business of the Issuer and the sectors in which it operates, together with all other 
information contained in this Base Prospectus, including in particular, the risk factors described 
below, and any document incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Words and expressions 
defined in "Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Italian 
Law Notes" below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this section.  
Prospective investors should note that the risks relating to the Issuer, the sectors in which it operates 
and the Notes are the risks that the Issuer believes, based on information currently available to it, to 
be the most relevant to an assessment by a prospective investor of whether to consider an 
investment in the Notes. However, the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, repay principal or pay 
other amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons which may not be 
considered significant risks by the Issuer based on information currently available to it or which it may 
not currently be able to anticipate.  
The risks that are specific to the Issuer are presented in three categories and those specific to the 
Notes are also presented in three categories, in each case with the most material risk factor 
presented first in each category and the remaining risk factors presented in an order which is not 
intended to be indicative either of the relative likelihood that each risk will materialise or of the 
magnitude of their potential impact on the business, financial condition and results of operations of 
the Issuer. Additional risks and uncertainties relating to the Issuer and the industries in which it 
operates that are not currently known to the Issuer or which it currently deems immaterial may also, 
either individually or cumulatively, have a material adverse effect on the business, prospects, results 
of operations and/or financial position of the Issuer. If any such risk should occur, the price of the 
Notes may decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment. Investors should consider 
carefully whether an investment in the Notes is suitable for them in light of the information in this 
Base Prospectus and their personal circumstances.  
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus, including any information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, and reach 
their own views prior to making any investment decision, based upon their own judgment, their 
personal circumstances and advice from such financial, legal, tax and other professional advisers as 
they deem necessary. 
MATERIAL RISKS THAT ARE SPECIFIC TO THE ISSUER 
The risks under this heading are divided into the following categories:  
• 
Risks relating to general economic conditions 
• 
Risks related to the Issuer’s business activities and industry 
• 
Risks relating to the regulatory framework 
Risks relating to general economic conditions 
Risks relating to the outbreak and persistence of Covid-19 
Following its outbreak at the end of 2019, the coronavirus pandemic (“Covid-19”) and its associated 
diseases has spread worldwide, including Italy, which was the first country in Europe to be hit by the 
disease. Together with government responses to Covid-19, the pandemic has had a severe impact on

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
global economic conditions and may continue to do so for an unforeseeable period, including: 
(i) significant disruption and volatility in the financial markets; (ii) the risk of deterioration of the credit 
profile of a considerable number of countries (including Italy); and (iii) temporary closures of many 
businesses, leading to loss of revenues and insolvency.  
A number of containment measures across Italy have been gradually eased or lifted, partly as a result 
of the implementation of the vaccination programme by the Italian government. However, the Covid-
19 pandemic continues to affect economic activities at global and regional levels, in part due to the 
spread of new Covid-19 strains, such as the Omicron variant. Those remaining measures continue to 
affect domestic and global economic activity, including the pace and magnitude of recovery and the 
duration of those restrictions is highly uncertain, but could be prolonged. In addition, stricter measures 
may be reintroduced, as has happened in various countries, both in Europe and the rest of the world. 
There is no certainty that any measures taken by the authorities or by the Issuer will be sufficient to 
mitigate the risks posed by Covid-19, and their implementation (or their insufficiency) could harm the 
Issuer’s ability to perform some of its critical functions and serve its customers. In addition to the 
impact that the Covid-19 pandemic has on the Issuer’s business, it may also continue to increase 
financial stress on its clients, which could in turn have an adverse impact on the Issuer (for example, 
through deteriorations in credit quality and higher impairments).  
If the spread of Covid-19 persists, this could have a material adverse impact on the global economy. 
The full economic impact of Covid-19 is beyond the Issuer’s control and is likely to depend on a 
variety of factors, such as the duration and spread of Covid-19, its severity, the spread of new Covid-
19 variants, the success and timing of vaccination programmes, actions taken to contain the virus or 
treat its impact, the extent and effectiveness of economic stimulus measures taken to contain the 
virus or treat its impact and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and business activity 
can resume. The degree to which Covid-19 affects the Issuer’s business, financial condition, results of 
operations, liquidity and access to funding will depend on future developments, which, as at the date 
of this Base Prospectus, are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted.  
Risks associated with the Russian invasion of Ukraine 
The ongoing Russian invasion of Ukraine, which was launched on 24 February 2022, together with 
the imposition of sanctions and export controls against Russia and Russian interests by a number of 
countries including the European Union, has already had a significant impact on the European and 
global economy, with greater market volatility and inflation, with particularly significant increases in 
the prices of energy and natural gas. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, it is not possible to 
predict the broader consequences of the invasion, which could include further sanctions, export 
controls and embargoes, greater regional instability, geopolitical shifts and other adverse effects on 
macroeconomic conditions, currency exchange rates, supply chains and financial markets, all of 
which could, either directly or indirectly, have an adverse impact on the Issuer’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations.  
Risks related to financial and macroeconomic conditions in global and domestic markets 
The Issuer’s operations are concentrated in Italy and its business, financial condition and results of 
operations are significantly affected by the general economic situation in Italy which, in turn, is closely 
linked to the state of the wider economy, both at EU level and worldwide. A number of uncertainties 
remain in the current macroeconomic environment, namely:  
• 
the consequences of the Russian invasion of Ukraine, the impact of European Union sanctions 
on Russia and the risk of the conflict spreading elsewhere;  
• 
the impact of Covid-19 on global growth and individual countries;

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
• 
trends in the economy and the prospects of recovery and consolidation of the economies of 
developed countries such as the US and China; 
• 
the trend towards protectionism driven by U.S. government policy and the outcome of the trade 
dispute between the US and China;  
• 
future development of the monetary policy of the European Central Bank in the Euro area, the 
Federal Reserve System, and in the Dollar area, and the policies implemented by other 
countries aimed at promoting competitive devaluations of their currencies; 
• 
concerns over the long-term sustainability of the European single currency; and 
• 
the sustainability of the sovereign debt of certain countries and related recurring tensions on 
the financial markets.  
In addition, the global economy, the condition of the financial markets, adverse macroeconomic 
developments in the Issuer’s primary markets and any future sovereign debt crisis in Europe may all 
significantly influence the Issuer’s performance. The Issuer’s earning capacity and stability can be 
affected by the overall economic situation and by the dynamics of the financial markets. Moreover, the 
economy in Italy, the Issuer’s principal market, has been affected in recent years by a significant 
slowdown as well as an increased focus in terms of legislative and regulatory policies. More recently, 
the containment measures taken in Italy to tackle the Covid-19 outbreak significantly reduced 
economic activity and the reintroduction of any such measures could result in local, regional or 
national recessions.  
All of the above factors, in particular in times of economic and financial crisis, could result in an 
increase in the Issuer’s borrowing costs, a slowdown in its ordinary business and/or a decline in its 
asset values, all of which could have an adverse impact on the Issuer’s business, financial condition 
and results of operations. 
Risks relating to the performance of sovereign debt securities  
The large sovereign debts and fiscal deficits in European countries have raised concerns regarding 
the financial condition of Eurozone financial institutions and their exposure to such countries, which 
may in turn have an impact on Eurozone banks’ funding. The Issuer is therefore exposed to adverse 
changes and fluctuations in the markets for Italian government securities, which in recent years have 
shown tension and volatility and are influenced by global macroeconomic conditions, as well the 
political situation, the sovereign debt rating and the relative valuation of the Euro. If concerns persist 
over the ability of the Italian government to service its debt, the Issuer could suffer similar volatility in 
its business, financial condition or results of operations.  
In particular, the Issuer's credit ratings are exposed to the risk of reductions in the sovereign credit 
rating of Italy. On the basis of the methodologies used by rating agencies, downgrades of Italy's credit 
rating (or the perception that such a downgrade may occur) may have, a knock-on effect on the credit 
rating of Italian issuers, causing the credit rating of Notes issued under the Programme to be 
downgraded, with a consequent increase in funding costs. Moreover, any further deterioration in the 
credit of securities issued by governments, central banks and other public entities and a decrease in 
the market price of any such securities held by the Issuer in its portfolio could diminish the value of its 
assets. All of the above circumstances could, either individually or cumulatively, have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, financial condition and results of operations.  
Risks relating to the consequences of Brexit  
On 31 January 2020, the United Kingdom left the European Union under the terms of an agreement 
on the UK’s withdrawal and, subsequently, on 24 December 2020, the EU and UK announced they

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
had reached an agreement on trade and future cooperation (the “TCA”), which has since been ratified 
by the parliaments of both the UK and the EU, and is therefore in full force and effect. The TCA 
generally provides for tariff-free import and export of goods between the EU and the UK, subject to 
detailed rules of origin aimed at ensuring that preferential tariffs are only given to goods that originate 
in the UK or the EU, and not from countries outside the UK and the EU member states.  
However, the TCA makes only limited provision in relation to non-tariff barriers to the movement of 
goods and does not contain extensive provisions for the supply of services and the movement of 
labour. As a result, concerns remain on the impact of the UK’s exit from the EU (so-called “Brexit”) on 
the previously free movement of goods, services, capital and labour between the EU and the UK, and 
any adverse economic consequences. In the financial services industry in particular, Brexit has ended 
mutual access between the UK and the EU for operators in that sector under the EU’s so-called 
passporting regime and the TCA has not provided for any alternative framework. In addition, there is 
an ongoing disagreement between the UK and the EU over implementation of the arrangements for 
Northern Ireland in the Withdrawal Agreement (the so-called Northern Ireland Protocol), which are 
designed to avoid a hard border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland and to 
safeguard the integrity of the EU’s single market for goods, while also facilitating free movement of 
goods between Northern Ireland and the rest of the United Kingdom, as well as the inclusion of 
Northern Irish goods in trade agreements entered into by the United Kingdom and third countries.  
As a result, there are significant uncertainties over the impact of Brexit and how it might affect the EU 
and, in particular, the financial services sector. In addition, Brexit has also given rise to concerns that 
it might result in calls for the governments of other EU member states to consider a potential 
withdrawal. These developments, or the perception that any of them could occur, have had and may 
continue to have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global 
financial markets, and may significantly reduce global market liquidity and restrict the ability of key 
market participants to operate in certain financial markets, which could in turn depress economic 
activity and restrict the access to capital of the Issuer.  
Until the nature of the UK’s future relationship with the EU is clearer, it is not possible to determine the 
impact that Brexit and/or any related matters may have on the stability of the Eurozone or the EU and, 
ultimately, on the Issuer’s business. However, any long-term dispute between the EU and the UK 
could adversely affect the Issuer’s business, financial condition and results of operations, as well as 
the market value and/or the liquidity of the Notes on the secondary market.  
Market decline and volatility 
The results of the Issuer are affected by general economic, financial and other business conditions. 
During a recession, there may be less demand for loan products and a greater number of the Issuer’s 
customers may default on their loans or other obligations. Interest rate rises may also have an impact 
on the demand for mortgages and other loan products. The risk arising from the impact of the 
economy and business climate on the credit quality of the Issuer’s borrowers and counterparties can 
affect the overall credit quality and the recoverability of loans and amounts due from counterparties.  
Protracted market decline and reduced liquidity in the markets 
In some of the Issuer’s businesses, protracted adverse market movements, particularly the decline of 
asset prices, can reduce market activity and market liquidity. These developments can lead to 
material losses if the Issuer cannot close out deteriorating positions in a timely way. This may 
especially be the case for assets that did not enjoy a very liquid market to begin with. The value of 
assets that are not traded on stock exchanges or other public trading markets, such as derivative 
contracts between banks, may be calculated by the Issuer using models other than publicly quoted 
prices. Monitoring the deterioration of the prices of assets like these is difficult and failure to do so

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
effectively could lead to unanticipated losses. In addition, protracted or steep declines in the stock or 
bond markets in Italy and elsewhere may adversely affect the Issuer’s securities trading activities and 
its asset management services, as well as the Issuer’s investments in and sales of products linked to 
the performance of financial assets. All of the above could in turn adversely affect the Issuer’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations.  
Changes in interest rates 
The Issuer earns interest from loans and other assets and pays interest to its depositors and other 
creditors. The issuer's results of operations are therefore dependent to a great extent on the Issuer's 
net interest income. The Issuer's net interest income, which is the difference between the yield on its 
interest-bearing assets and the cost of its interest-bearing liabilities, varies according to prevailing 
interest rates and is a significant factor in determining the profitability of the Issuer. Reductions in 
interest rates or compression of the interest rate spread may result in a decrease in the amount of net 
interest income generated by the Issuer and its net interest income, either or both of which could have 
a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations and financial condition of the Issuer 
and its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.  
Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond the Issuer's control, including fiscal and 
monetary policies of governments and central banks in the jurisdictions in which the Issuer operates. 
In particular, the effect of the EU's Economic and Monetary Union and the policies of the government 
of the Republic of Italy are significant for the Issuer and are subject to change. 
Risks related to the Issuer’s business activities and industry 
Competition in the Italian market 
Competition is intense in all of the Issuer’s primary business areas in Italy. The Issuer derives nearly 
all of its banking income from its banking activities in Italy, a mature market where competitive 
pressures have been increasing quickly and which has been going through a process of 
consolidation, with large banking groups undergoing mergers and acquisitions to achieve greater 
economies of scale. Larger banks are typically in a better position to take advantage of economies of 
scale and to spread fixed costs and investments, for example in information technology, over a large 
number of clients. Larger banks also have greater financial and operational resources than smaller 
banks such as the Issuer. If the Issuer is unable to continue to respond to the competitive 
environment in Italy with attractive product and service offerings that are profitable for the Issuer, it 
may lose market share in important areas of its business or incur losses on some or all of its activities. 
In addition, downturns in the Italian economy could add to the competitive pressure through, for 
example, increased price pressure and lower business volumes over which to compete.  
Risks concerning liquidity 
The Issuer's businesses are subject to risks concerning liquidity which are inherent in its banking 
operations, and could affect the Issuer's ability to meet its financial obligations as they fall due or to 
fulfil commitments to lend. In order to ensure that the Issuer continues to meet its funding obligations 
and to maintain or grow its business generally, it relies on customer savings and transmission 
balances, as well as ongoing access to the wholesale lending markets. The ability of the Issuer to 
access wholesale and retail funding sources on favourable economic terms is dependent on a variety 
of factors, including a number of factors outside of its control, such as liquidity constraints, general 
market conditions and confidence in the Italian banking system.  
The global financial crisis and resulting financial instability have significantly reduced the levels and 
availability of liquidity and term funding. In particular, the perception of counterparty credit risk 
between banks has increased significantly, resulting in further reductions in inter-bank lending and the

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
level of confidence from banks’ customers. Should the Issuer be unable to continue to source a 
sustainable funding profile which can absorb these sudden shocks, the Issuer's ability to fund its 
financial obligations at a competitive cost, or at all, could be adversely affected. 
Risks arising from small local market 
The Issuer is a small Italian bank, based in Trentino and has local operations concentrated principally 
in the north-east of Italy. Accordingly, the Issuer’s market is limited, presenting a considerable risk of 
over-concentration in one market. At the same time, there can be no assurance that the Issuer will 
maintain its niche position in the future. In addition, the Issuer’s loan portfolio is geographically narrow 
and is concentrated in industries that mirror the local economy. Any downtown in economic conditions 
affecting the Issuer’s local market and the main industries in that area (such as tourism) may have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer’s financial condition and results of operations. 
Credit and market risk 
To the extent that any of the instruments and strategies used by the Issuer to hedge or otherwise 
manage its exposure to credit or market risk are not effective, the Issuer may not be able to mitigate 
effectively its exposure to particular market environments or against particular types of risk. The 
Issuer’s trading revenues and interest rate risk are dependent upon its ability to identify properly, and 
mark to market, changes in the value of financial instruments caused by changes in market prices or 
interest rates. The Issuer’s financial results also depend upon how effectively the Issuer determines 
and assesses the cost of credit and manages its own credit risk and market risk concentration.  
Operational risk 
The Issuer, like all financial institutions, is exposed to many types of operational risk, including the risk 
of suffering losses deriving from the inadequacy or dysfunction of procedures, human resources and 
internal systems, including ICT (Information and Communication Technology) systems, or those 
caused by external and unforeseen events, entirely or partially out of the Issuer’s control (including, 
losses resulting from fraud, human error, violations, interruptions in operations, unavailability of 
systems, breach of contract and natural disasters). However, those systems and processes may not 
be fully effective in mitigating its risk exposure in all market environments or against all types of risks 
(especially those due to potential extraneous factors such as fraud), including those which the Issuer 
fails to identify or anticipate. Any failure or weakness in its systems and processes could adversely 
affect the Issuer’s business, financial condition and results of operations.  
Impact of events which are difficult to anticipate 
The Issuer’s earning and business are affected by general economic conditions, the performance of 
financial markets, interest rate levels, currency exchange rates, changes in laws and regulation, 
changes in the policies of central banks, particularly the Bank of Italy and the European Central Bank, 
and competitive factors, at a regional, national and international level. Each of these factors can 
change the level of demand for the Issuer’s products and services, the credit quality of borrowers and 
counterparties, the interest rate margin of the Issuer between lending and borrowing costs and the 
value of the Issuer’s investment and trading portfolios.  
The Issuer has devoted significant resources to developing policies, procedures and assessment 
methods to manage market, credit, liquidity and operating risks and intends to continue to do so in the 
future. Nonetheless, the Issuer's risk management techniques and strategies may not be fully 
effective in mitigating its risk exposure in all economic market environments or against all types of 
risks, including those which the Issuer fails to identify or anticipate. If existing or potential customers 
believe that the Issuer's risk management policies and procedures are inadequate, the Issuer's 
reputation, as well as its revenues and profits, may be adversely affected.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
Downgrade of the Issuer's credit ratings  
The creditworthiness of the Issuer is measured, inter alia, through the ratings assigned by one or 
more international credit rating agencies. The rating is an assessment of the Issuer's ability to fulfil its 
financial obligations, including those relating to the Notes. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
Issuer has credit ratings assigned to it by Moody’s, as set out in further detail in “Description of the 
Issuer - Ratings”. A downgrade of any of the Issuer's ratings (for whatever reason) could be an 
indicator of a reduced ability to fulfil its financial commitments compared to the past and might result 
in higher funding and refinancing costs for the Issuer in the capital markets. In addition, a downgrade 
of any of the Issuer's credit ratings may adversely affect the Issuer's reputation as a participant in the 
capital markets, as well as in the eyes of its clients. These factors may have an adverse impact on the 
Issuer's financial condition and/or results of operations. See also “Material Risks that are Specific to 
the Notes - Credit ratings may not reflect all risks” below.  
Risks relating to the regulatory framework 
Changes in regulatory framework  
The Issuer is subject to extensive regulation and supervision by the Bank of Italy, the Commissione 
Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa or “CONSOB” (the Italian security market regulator), the 
European Central Bank, the European System of Central Banks, the Single Resolution Board and 
ESMA. The banking laws to which the Issuer is subject govern the activities in which banks and 
foundations may engage and are designed to maintain the safety and soundness of banks, and limit 
their exposure to risk. In addition, the Issuer must comply with financial services laws that govern its 
marketing and selling practices. The regulatory framework governing international financial markets is 
currently being amended in response to the credit crisis, and new legislation and regulations are 
being enacted in Italy and the European Union introducing additional capital requirements which, if 
not met by the Issuer, may limit its operational flexibility.  
CRD IV package 
In the wake of the global financial crisis that began in 2008, the Basel Committee on Banking 
Supervision (the “BCBS”) approved, in the fourth quarter of 2010, revised global regulatory standards 
(“Basel III”) on bank capital adequacy and liquidity, which impose requirements for, inter alia, higher 
and better-quality capital, better risk coverage, measures to promote the build-up of capital that can 
be drawn down in periods of stress and the introduction of a leverage ratio as a backstop to the risk-
based requirement as well as two global liquidity standards. The Basel III framework adopted a 
gradual approach, with the requirements to be implemented over time, with full enforcement in 2019.  
Subsequently, the BCBS revised its original proposal in respect of the liquidity requirements in light of 
concerns raised by the banking industry, providing for a gradual phasing-in of the Liquidity Coverage 
Ratio with full implementation in 2019 as well as expanding the definition of high-quality liquid assets 
to include lower quality corporate securities, equities and residential mortgage-backed securities. In 
June 2013, the European Parliament and the Council of Europe issued Directive 2013/36/EU (“CRD 
IV”) and Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and 
investment firms, referred to as the EU Capital Requirements Regulation (“CRR” and, together with 
CRD IV, the “CRD IV Package”) which incorporate the key amendments of Basel III.  
The Issuer is subject to the Pillar 2 requirements for banks imposed under the CRD IV Package, as 
subsequent amended and supplemented, which are affected, on an ongoing basis, by the Supervisory 
Review and Evaluation Process (“SREP”) assessments by the European Banking Authority (“EBA”). 
The SREP is aimed at ensuring that institutions have in place adequate arrangements, strategies, 
processes and mechanisms to maintain the amounts, types and distribution of internal capital 
commensurate to their risk profile, as well as robust governance and internal control arrangements.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
The key purpose of the SREP is to ensure that institutions have adequate arrangements as well as 
capital and liquidity to ensure sound management and coverage of the risks to which they are or 
might be exposed, including those revealed by stress testing, as well as risks the institution may pose 
to the financial system.  
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
Directive 2014/59/EU of 15 May 2014 (“BRRD” or the “Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive”) 
provides for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms. Implemented in Italy under Legislative Decree No. 180 of 16 
November 2015, BRRD is designed to provide authorities with a credible set of resolution tools and 
powers designed (among other things) to protect depositors and investors and to minimise reliance on 
public financial support. BRRD’s broad range of resolution tools and powers may be used alone or in 
combination where the relevant resolution authority considers that certain required conditions are met, 
namely, that an institution is failing or likely to fail, that no alternative private sector measure, or 
supervisory action, would prevent the failure of the institution within a reasonable timeframe and that 
the taking of a resolution action is necessary to the public interest. 
In addition, BRRD requires institutions to meet at all times a sufficient aggregate amount of own funds 
and “eligible liabilities” expressed as a percentage of the total liabilities and own funds of the 
institution (i.e. MREL). The aim is that the minimum amount should be proportionate and adapted for 
each category of bank on the basis of their risk or the composition of their sources of funding and to 
ensure adequate capitalisation to continue exercising critical functions post resolution. The final draft 
regulatory technical standards published by the EBA in July 2015 set out the assessment criteria that 
resolution authorities should use to determine the MREL for individual firms. BRRD does not foresee 
an absolute minimum, but attributes the competence to set a minimum amount for each bank to 
national resolution authorities (for banks not subject to supervision by the ECB such as the Issuer) or 
to the Single Resolution Board (the “SRB”) for banks subject to direct supervision by the ECB under 
Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 laying down uniform rules and procedures for the resolution of credit 
institutions and certain investment firms under the Single Resolution Mechanism (“SRMR”). 
EU banking reform 
On 23 November 2016, the European Commission presented a comprehensive package of reforms to 
strengthen further the resilience of EU banks (the “EU Banking Reform”). Amendments to the BRRD 
to introduce a new asset class of “non-preferred” senior debt were introduced by Directive (EU) 
2017/2399 which came into force on 28 December 2017 and was transposed in Italy by Law No. 
205/2017. The EU Banking Reform covers multiple areas, including the Pillar 2 framework, a binding 
minimum leverage ratio requirement, a binding net stable funding ratio requirement, mandatory 
restrictions on distributions, permission for reducing own funds and eligible liabilities, macro-prudential 
tools, the Basel Committee’s new standardised approach for measuring counterparty credit risk 
exposures, the Basel Committee’s Fundamental Review of the Trading Book, the MREL framework 
and the integration of the Total Loss-absorbing Capacity (“TLAC”) standard into EU legislation.  
Subsequently, on 7 June 2019 the following dispositions were published in the Official Journal of the 
European Union: 
• 
Regulation (EU) No. 2019/876 amending CRR as regards, inter alia, the leverage ratio, net 
stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, 
market risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment 
undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements (“CRR II”);  
• 
Directive (EU) No. 2019/878 amending CRD IV as regards exempted entities, financial holding 
companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
powers and capital conservation measures (the “CRD V”) (CRR II and CRD V, together, the 
“CRD V Package”);  
• 
Directive (EU) 2019/879 amending BRRD as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation 
capacity of credit institutions and investment firms (otherwise known as “BRRD II”); and 
• 
Regulation (EU) 2019/877 amending SRMR as regards the loss absorbing and recapitalisation 
capacity of credit institutions and investment firms (“SRMR II”). 
In particular the most significant amendments are as set out below:  
• 
MREL: Under BRRD II, the rules on the subordination of MREL instruments are strengthened 
by introducing a new category of large banks (the so-called “top-tier banks”) with a balance 
sheet size greater than Euro 100 billion, in relation to which more prudent subordination 
requirements are formulated. National resolution authorities may also select other banks and 
subject them to the top-tier bank treatment.  
• 
Leverage Ratio: The CRD V Package introduces a binding leverage ratio requirement (i.e. a 
capital requirement independent from the riskiness of exposures, as a backstop to risk-
weighted capital requirements) for all institutions subject to CRR, complementing the current 
requirements under the CRD IV Package to calculate the leverage ratio, to report it to 
supervisors and, since January 2015, to disclose it publicly.  
• 
Net Stable Funding Ratio (“NSFR”): The CRD V Package introduces the NSFR standard 
agreed by the Basel Committee but including some adjustments concerning, for example, the 
treatment of short-term transactions with financial institutions, applying for a transitional period 
of four years, after which the Basel standard is expected to apply unless the European 
Commission submits a legislative proposal to amend the treatment of short-term transactions. 
The CRD V Package also allows small and non-complex institutions to use a simplified and less 
granular version of the NSFR, subject to supervisory approval based on factors including the 
size of assets, trading book and derivative positions. 
CRD V was transposed into Italian legislation by means of Legislative Decree No. 182 of 8 November 
2021 and BRRD II by means of Legislative Decree No. 193 of 8 November 2021. 
In particular, Article 91 of the Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended or 
supplemented from time to time (“TUB”) has been modified by Legislative Decree No. 193 of 8 
November 2021 (“Decree No. 193”) to transpose into the Italian legislative framework the provisions 
envisaged by Article 48(7) of the BRRD II. 
In particular, according to the amended version of Article 91 of the TUB, subordinated instruments 
which do not qualify (and no part thereof is recognised) as own funds items shall rank senior to own 
funds items (including any instruments only partly recognised as own funds items) and junior to senior 
non-preferred instruments. Moreover, if own funds items cease, in their entirety, to be classified as 
such, they will rank senior to own funds items but junior to senior non-preferred instruments. The 
abovementioned provisions also applies to instruments issued before the entrance into force of 
Decree No. 193, such as 1 December 2021. 
In addition, Article 12-ter of the TUB, introduced by Decree No. 193, provides for the determination of 
a minimum unit value for bonds and debt securities issued by banks or investment firms equal to 
€150,000 (in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) or €200,000 (in the case of Subordinated Notes 
(“strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello”)).  
Any contracts entered into with non professional investors and relating to investment services having 
as their object the instruments referred to in Article 12-ter of the TUB issued after 1 December 2021,

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
that do not respect the minimum unit value, shall be declared as null and void (Article 25-quarter of 
the Financial Services Act, as amended by Decree No. 193). 
Without prejudice to the restrictions outlined above on the sale to retail investors, the ban previously 
in force on the placement of Senior Non-Preferred Notes with non-qualified investors has been 
repealed by Article 5 of Decree No. 193. 
Effective management of the Issuer’s regulatory capital and liquidity is critical to its ability to operate 
its business and to pursue its strategy. Any change that limits the Issuer’s ability to manage its 
balance sheet and regulatory capital and liquidity resources effectively, including, for example, 
reductions in profits and retained earnings as a result of write-downs or otherwise, increases in risk 
weighted assets, changes in its asset composition, delays in the disposal of certain assets or an 
inability to receive loans as a result of market conditions or otherwise to access funding sources, 
could have a material adverse impact on the Issuer’s business, financial condition, results of 
operations and regulatory capital position.  
Significant uncertainty remains around the implementation of some of these initiatives and how they 
are ultimately applied may have a material effect on the Issuer's business and operations. In addition, 
regulators and supervisory authorities are taking an increasingly strict approach to regulations and 
their enforcement that may not be to the Issuer’s benefit. A breach of any regulations by the Issuer 
could lead to intervention by supervisory authorities. The Issuer may also become subject to new 
regulations and guidelines, which may require additional investments in systems and people and 
compliance with which may place additional burdens or restrictions on the Issuer. As this new 
framework of banking laws and regulations is still in the process of being implemented, the manner in 
which they will be applied to the operations of financial institutions is still evolving. No assurance can 
be given that laws and regulations will be adopted, enforced or interpreted in a manner that will not 
restrict the operations of the Issuer or otherwise have an adverse effect on its business, financial 
condition, cash flows and results of operations or on the rights of Noteholders as creditors of the 
Issuer. Prospective investors in the Notes should consult their own advisors as to the consequences 
for them of the application of the above regulations as implemented by each Member State.  
Further information regarding BRRD from a Noteholder perspective is set out below under “The Bank 
Recovery and Resolution Directive may affect Notes” below.  
MATERIAL RISKS THAT ARE SPECIFIC TO THE NOTES 
The risks under this heading are divided into the following categories:  
• 
Risks relating to Notes that may be issued under the Programme 
• 
Risks relating to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
• 
Risks relating to the market generally 
Risks relating to Notes that may be issued under the Programme 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally. 
Notes offer limited rights to Noteholders  
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes, whether or not they are Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes, 
offer limited rights to investors. For example, the Notes do not contain a negative pledge and, 
accordingly, the Issuer is free to issue secured debt instruments that give holders of those instruments 
priority over Noteholders in the event of a winding-up of the Issuer. Similarly, the events of default in 
respect of Notes, being events upon which the holders of the Notes may declare the Notes to be 
immediately due and repayable, are limited to circumstances in which the Issuer becomes subject to

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
winding-up or an analogous event as set out in Condition 14(b) (Events of default). Accordingly, other 
than following the occurrence of an event of default, even if the Issuer fails to meet any of its 
obligations under the Notes, including the payment of any interest, the holders of the Notes will not 
have the right of acceleration of principal and the sole remedy available to Noteholders for recovery of 
amounts due under the Notes will be the institution of proceedings to enforce payment. Furthermore, 
the institution of any such proceedings will not result in the Issuer being obliged to pay any sums 
earlier than the date on which they would otherwise have been payable.  
Waiver of set-off  
In Condition 5 (Waiver of Set-off), each holder of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
and Subordinated Notes is deemed to have unconditionally and irrevocably waived any right of set-
off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have under the 
laws of any jurisdiction in respect of such Notes.  
The Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive may affect Notes 
As described in “- Material Risks that are specific to the Issuer – Changes in regulatory framework” 
above, the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive gives wide powers to governments aimed at 
addressing banking crises pre-emptively in order to safeguard financial stability and minimise 
taxpayers’ exposure to losses. These include the so-called “bail-in tool”, by which resolution 
authorities would have the power to write down the claims relating to the liabilities of a failing 
institution that are eligible for bail-in and/or to convert such liabilities into equity. In addition to the bail-
in tool, the BRRD provides for additional resolution tools such as: (1) the sale of business assets or 
shares of the entity subject to resolution; (2) the establishment of a bridging organisation; and (3) the 
separation of the unimpaired assets of the failing organisation from those which are deteriorated or 
impaired.  
The BRRD has required Member States to modify their national insolvency regimes so that deposits 
of natural persons and micro, small and medium-sized enterprises in excess of the coverage level 
contemplated by deposit guarantee schemes created pursuant to Directive 2014/49/EU have a 
ranking in normal insolvency proceedings which is higher than the ranking which applies to claims of 
ordinary, unsecured, non-preferred creditors (as well as unsecured, subordinated creditors), such as 
holders of the Notes. Furthermore, the BRRD does not prevent Member States, including Italy, from 
amending national insolvency regimes to provide other types of creditors, such as holders of 
corporate deposits or other operating liabilities of the Issuer with rankings in insolvency higher than 
ordinary, unsecured, non-preferred creditors, as well as unsecured, subordinated creditors (such as 
holders of the Notes). In this respect, Italian Legislative Decree No. 181/2015 has amended the 
creditor hierarchy in the case of admission of Italian banks and investment firms to liquidation 
proceedings (and therefore the hierarchy which will apply in order to assess claims pursuant to the 
safeguard provided for in the BRRD as described above), by providing that, as from 1 January 2019, 
all deposits other than those protected by the deposit guarantee scheme and excess deposits of 
individuals and micro, small and medium-sized enterprises (which benefit from the super-priority 
required under Article 108 of the BRRD) will benefit from priority over senior unsecured liabilities, 
albeit with a ranking which is lower than that provided for deposits held by individuals and micro, small 
and medium-sized enterprises exceeding the coverage limit of the deposit guarantee scheme.  
As a result, significant amounts of liabilities that previously would have ranked pari passu with the 
Senior Preferred Notes under the national insolvency regime in Italy will be ranked higher than the 
Notes in normal insolvency proceedings and, on application of the general bail-in tool, such creditors 
will be written down or converted into equity after the Notes, meaning that holders of the Notes will 
therefore be subject to greater losses than the claims of other creditors. Furthermore, the right of 
holders of the Notes have only very limited rights to challenge and/or seek a suspension of any

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
decision by resolution authorities or to have it reviewed by a judicial or administrative process or 
otherwise.  
In addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD contemplates that Subordinated Notes may be 
subject to a write-down or conversion into common shares at the point of non-viability of the Issuer 
should the Bank of Italy, the SRB or other authority or authorities having prudential oversight of the 
Issuer at the relevant time exercise the power to do so (for further information, see “Risks relating to 
Subordinated Notes - Loss absorption at the point of non-viability of the Issuer” below). 
The exercise of any power under the BRRD or any suggestion of such exercise taking place could, 
therefore, have a material adverse effect on the rights of Noteholders, the price or value of their 
investment in any Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under any Notes.  
Variation or substitution without Noteholder consent  
Subject to the detailed provisions of Condition 18(c) (Variation or substitution), if Variation or 
Substitution is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, then: 
• 
in the case of Senior Notes, at any time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs; and/or  
• 
in the case of all Notes, in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 24 
(Contractual Recognition of Bail-in Powers),  
the Issuer may at any time, in accordance with or as required by the relevant laws and regulations, 
subject to giving any notice required to be given to, and receiving any consent required from, the 
Regulatory Authority and/or as appropriate the SRB and having given the required notice to the 
relevant Noteholders (but without having to seek their consent), either substitute all (but not some 
only) of such Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes, or vary their terms so that they remain or, as 
appropriate, become, Qualifying Notes (as defined in Condition 18(c) (Variation or substitution)), 
provided that such variation or substitution does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem 
the varied or substituted securities. 
The Regulatory Authority has discretion as to whether or not it will approve any substitution or 
variation of Subordinated Notes and any such substitution or variation which is considered by the 
Relevant Authority to be material will be treated by it as the issue of a new instrument. Any 
Subordinated Notes, as so substituted or varied, must therefore be eligible as Tier II Capital in 
accordance with then prevailing Capital Adequacy Regulations, which may include a requirement that 
(save in certain prescribed circumstances) they may not be redeemed or repurchased prior to five 
years after the effective date of such substitution or variation. 
Qualifying Notes are securities issued by the Issuer that, other than in respect of the effectiveness 
and enforceability of Condition 24 (Contractual Recognition of Bail-in Powers), do not have terms 
materially less favourable to the Noteholders (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the terms 
of the Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes (as the case may be) that have been varied or substituted. 
However, no assurance can be given as to whether any of these changes (including, without 
limitation, any changes to governing law and/or jurisdiction) will negatively affect any particular 
Noteholder. In addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such substituted or varied 
notes could be different for some categories of Noteholders from those applicable prior to such 
substitution or variation.  
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Agency Agreements contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters 
affecting their interests generally, including modifications to the terms and conditions relating to the 
Notes. As summarised in Condition 18(a) (Meetings of Noteholders) of the Terms and Conditions of

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
the Notes, these provisions permit defined majorities at those meetings to bind all Noteholders, 
including those who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or who voted against the relevant 
proposal. Possible modifications to the Notes approved by meetings of Noteholders include, without 
limitation, lowering the ranking of the Notes, reducing the amount of principal and interest payable on 
the Notes, changing the time and manner of payment, changing provisions relating to redemption, 
limiting remedies on the Notes and changing the amendment provisions. Any such modification may 
have an adverse impact on Noteholders' rights and on the market value of the Notes. 
Redemption for tax reasons 
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes 
due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by or on behalf of Italy or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof 
having power to tax, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the Conditions. 
In such circumstances an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a 
comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as that of the relevant Notes. 
Change of law or administrative practice 
The conditions of the English Law Notes are governed by English law (other than certain provisions 
relating to the ranking of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes, and the contractual 
bail-in under BRRD, which are governed by Italian law), while the conditions of the Italian Law Notes 
are governed by Italian law. In both cases, the Terms and Conditions are based on English and/or 
Italian law and administrative practice in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance 
can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English or Italian law or 
administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Reliance on Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes. Such Global 
Notes will be deposited with a common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in the relevant Global Note, 
investors will not be entitled to receive definitive Notes. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will 
maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes. While the Notes are represented by 
one or more Global Notes, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. While the Notes are represented by one or more Global 
Notes, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligations under the Notes by making payments to or to 
the order of the common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg for distribution to their account holders. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note 
must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive payments under 
the relevant Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments 
made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes. Holders of beneficial interests in the 
Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the relevant Notes. Instead, such holders 
will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. 
Conflicts of interests involving Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent 
The Fiscal Agent and any other Paying Agent and any Calculation Agent appointed under the 
Programme (whether already a Paying Agent or otherwise) is the agent of the Issuer and not of the 
Noteholders. Potential conflicts of interest may exist between them and Noteholders, including where 
a Dealer acts as a Calculation Agent. Examples of possible conflicts include those with respect to 
certain determinations and judgments that the Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
Conditions that may influence amounts receivable by the Noteholders during the term of the Notes 
and upon their redemption. 
Risks relating to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have 
features which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the 
most common features. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when 
the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any 
redemption period. The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower 
than the interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest 
the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being 
redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should 
consider reinvestment risk in the light of other investments available at that time. 
Fixed Rate Notes 
A holder of Fixed Rate Notes is exposed to the risk that the price of those Notes falls as a result of 
changes in the current interest rate on the capital markets (the “Market Interest Rate”). While the 
nominal interest rate of Fixed Rate Notes is fixed during the life of such Notes or during a certain 
period of time, the Market Interest Rate typically changes on a daily basis. As the Market Interest Rate 
changes, the price of such Notes moves in the opposite direction. If the Market Interest Rate 
increases, the price of such Notes typically falls, until the yield of such Notes is approximately equal to 
the Market Interest Rate. Conversely, if the Market Interest Rate falls, the price of Fixed Rate Notes 
typically increases, until its yield is approximately equal to the Market Interest Rate. Investors should 
be aware that movements of the Market Interest Rate could adversely affect the market price of the 
Notes. 
Fixed Rate Notes with resetting provisions 
Fixed Rate Notes may contain provisions for the resetting of their interest rate. Such Notes will initially 
bear interest at a particular rate of interest until (but excluding) a Reset Date. On that date and each 
subsequent Reset Date (if any), the interest rate will be reset to the sum of the applicable Mid-Swap 
Rate and the relevant Margin as determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date. The applicable rate of interest following any such resetting of interest could be 
less than the previous rate of interest and could affect the market value of an investment in those 
Notes.  
Floating Rate Notes  
Notes with variable interest are subject to fluctuations in interest rate levels and can be volatile 
investments. In particular, potential investors should be aware that:  
(i) 
the market price of such Notes may be volatile;  
(ii) 
they may receive no interest (unless they are subject to a floor);  
(iii) 
in particular where the reference rate used to calculate the applicable interest rate turns 
negative, the interest rate will be below the margin, if any, or may be zero and, accordingly, 
where the rate of interest is equal to zero, the holders of such Floating Rate Notes may not be 
entitled to interest payments for certain or all periods;

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
(iv) 
the Reference Rate may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with 
changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices; 
(v) 
If they are structured to include caps or floors, or a combination of both or other similar or 
related features, the effect of changes in the Reference Rate on interest payable is likely to be 
magnified; and 
(vi) 
the timing of changes in the Reference Rate may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the 
average level is consistent with their expectations. 
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes or Floating to Fixed Rate Notes 
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate which, either at the Issuer’s election or 
otherwise, is converted from a fixed rate to a floating rate or, in the case of Floating to Fixed Rate 
Notes, from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The switching of the interest rate is likely to affect the 
market value of those Notes since it may result in a lower rate, especially where switching  occurs at 
the Issuer’s option. If switching from a fixed rate to a floating rate occurs, the spread on the Fixed to 
Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating 
Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower 
than the rates on other Notes. If switching  from a floating rate to a fixed rate occurs, the fixed rate 
may be lower than then prevailing rates of the Issuer’s other Fixed Rate Notes. 
Notes linked to or referencing benchmarks 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (including EURIBOR) are the subject 
of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these 
reforms are still to be implemented whilst others are already effective, including (at EU level) the 
Benchmarks Regulation, which applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data 
to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. Among other things, the Regulation: (i) 
requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject 
to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed); and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU 
supervised entities of “benchmarks” of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-
EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a 
“benchmark” , in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” are changed in order 
to comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other 
things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate 
or level of the “benchmark”.  
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny 
of “benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may: 
(i) discourage market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to the “benchmark”; (ii) 
trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the “benchmark” or (iii) lead to the 
discontinuation, unavailability or disappearance of the “benchmark”. Any of the above changes or any 
other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or 
investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to 
or referencing a “benchmark” (including EURIBOR).  
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation reforms in making any investment decision 
with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark”.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
Notes linked to reference rates that are unavailable or discontinued 
General 
There are significant doubts about the continuing use of forward-looking interbank offered rates, such 
as LIBOR and EURIBOR, in financial markets transaction. In particular, the continuation of LIBOR on 
its previous basis has ceased to be guaranteed ever since the Financial Conduct Authority stated that 
it did not intend to continue to persuade or compel panel banks to submit rates for the calculation of 
LIBOR by its administrator after 2021. In relation to EURIBOR, following concerns expressed by its 
administrator, EMMI, as to whether it could guarantee compliance with the Benchmarks Regulation, a 
methodological reform was carried out in 2019 and, as a result, EMMI has since been authorised as a 
benchmark administrator and included on the register of administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. However, the long-
term sustainability of EURIBOR depends on factors such as the continued willingness of its panel of 
contributing banks to support it, and whether or not there is sufficient activity in its underlying market. 
The absence of these factors may cause EURIBOR to perform differently compared to the past and 
may have other consequences which cannot be predicted. 
Further market and regulatory developments in relation to benchmark rates may have significant 
consequences. Developments in this area are ongoing and could increase the costs and risks of 
administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark rate, such that market 
participants are discouraged from continuing to administer or contribute to them. In addition, ongoing 
legislative reforms and changes in market appetite may also cause a benchmark to perform differently 
with respect to the past, to be discontinued or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. 
Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any 
Notes which reference a benchmark. 
Temporary unavailability of Relevant Screen Page 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements if a published 
benchmark, including an inter-bank offered rate such as EURIBOR or other relevant reference rates 
(as well as mid-swap rates and any page on which such benchmark may be published), becomes 
temporarily unavailable. Where the Rate of Interest linked to a Reference Rate that is determined by 
reference to a Relevant Screen Page and the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the relevant 
rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for 
the Rate of Interest to be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to quotations from banks 
communicated to the Calculation Agent.  
Where such quotations are not available (as may be the case if the relevant banks are not submitting 
rates for the determination of such Reference Rate, the ultimate fallback for the purposes of 
calculation of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the last 
preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for 
Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page or, in 
the case of Fixed Rate Resetting Provisions, the application of the Reset Rate of Interest for a 
preceding Reset Period or, as the case may be, the application of the initial Rate of Interest applicable 
to such Notes on the Interest Commencement Date. Uncertainty as to the continuation of the 
Reference Rate, the availability of quotes from reference banks, and the rate that would be applicable 
if the Reference Rate is discontinued may adversely affect the value of, and return on, the Notes. 
Benchmark Events 
If a Benchmark Event (which includes, but is not limited to, the permanent discontinuation of an 
Original Reference Rate or an announcement that an Original Reference Rate will be permanently 
discontinued in the future) occurs, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
Independent Reference Rate Adviser to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to be used in 
place of the Original Reference Rate, as well as an Adjustment Spread, if applicable. In addition, if the 
Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Reference Rate Adviser or the Independent Reference 
Rate Adviser is not able to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the Issuer (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may itself determine a Successor Rate or an 
Alternative Rate (and an Adjustment Spread, if applicable). 
The use of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (including with the application of an Adjustment 
Spread) may result in Notes linked to or referencing the Original Reference Rate performing 
differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) from how they would if the Original 
Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate for the Original Reference Rate is determined by the Independent Reference Rate 
Adviser (or, failing that, the Issuer), the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide that the Issuer may 
vary the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, as necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, without any requirement for consent or approval of the 
Noteholders. 
Potential for a fixed rate return  
The Issuer may be unable to appoint an Independent Reference Rate Adviser or the Independent 
Reference Rate Adviser may not be able to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. Where this occurs, the Issuer (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may itself determine a Successor Rate or an 
Alternative Rate but, if it is unable or unwilling to do so, before the next Interest Determination Date or 
Reset Determination Date (as the case may be), the Rate of Interest for the next succeeding Interest 
Period will be the existing Rate of Interest. 
Under the above circumstances, the Issuer will continue to attempt to appoint an Independent 
Reference Rate Adviser in a timely manner before the next succeeding Interest Determination Date to 
determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to apply to the next succeeding and any subsequent 
Interest Periods (as necessary) or, failing that, determine those rates itself. However, there can be no 
assurance that a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate will be successfully determined. 
Applying the initial Rate of Interest or the Rate of Interest applicable to the last preceding Interest 
Period will result in Notes linked to or referencing the relevant benchmark performing differently 
(which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the relevant benchmark 
were to continue to apply, or if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate could be determined. In addition, 
due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates, the 
involvement of an Independent Reference Rate Adviser and the potential for further regulatory 
developments, there is a risk that the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the 
relevant time. 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate remains undetermined for the life of the relevant Notes, the 
initial or existing Rate of Interest will continue to apply to maturity, which will result in the Floating Rate 
Notes becoming, in effect, fixed rate Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal 
amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the 
greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
Denominations and restrictions on exchange for Definitive Notes 
Notes may be issued in denominations comprising (i) a minimum denomination of €100,000 (in the 
case of Senior Preferred Notes), €150,000 (in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) or €200,000 
(in the case of Subordinated Notes), or in each case the equivalent amount in another currency (the 
“Minimum Denomination”) and (ii) an amount which is greater than the Minimum Denomination but 
which is an integral multiple of a smaller amount (such as €1,000). Where this occurs, Notes may be 
traded in amounts in excess of the Minimum Denomination that are not integral multiples of the 
Minimum Denomination. In such a case, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a 
principal amount of less than the Minimum Denomination will not receive a Definitive Note in respect 
of such holding (should Definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of 
Notes so that it holds an amount equal to an integral multiple of the Minimum Denomination. 
Risks related to Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
Uncertainty over qualification of the Senior Notes as MREL eligible liabilities 
Senior Notes are intended to be eligible liabilities under the MREL Requirements (“MREL eligible 
liabilities”). However, there is uncertainty regarding the final substance of the MREL Requirements, 
and the Issuer cannot provide any assurance that the Senior Notes will be or remain MREL eligible 
liabilities. While the Issuer believes that the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes are consistent 
with the current proposals by the European Commission to amend the regulations giving effect to the 
MREL Requirements, these proposals have not yet been interpreted and, when finally adopted, the 
MREL Requirements may be at variance from those in the current proposals. Because of the 
uncertainty surrounding any potential changes to the MREL Requirements, the Issuer cannot give any 
assurance that the Senior Notes will ultimately constitute MREL eligible liabilities. If they do not (or if 
they initially do but subsequently become ineligible due to a change in MREL Requirements), then a 
MREL Disqualification Event will occur (if Regulatory Call is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms). See also “Early redemption following a MREL Disqualification Event” below.  
Early redemption following a MREL Disqualification Event  
If at any time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing in relation to any Series of 
Senior Notes, and the relevant Final Terms specify that Regulatory Call is applicable, the Issuer may 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 11(h) (Conditions for redemption and purchase of Notes) elect 
to redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes of that Series. A MREL Disqualification Event means 
that, at any time, all or part of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of such Series of Senior 
Notes is or will be excluded fully or partially from the eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL 
Requirements, as set out in further detail in Condition 11(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons).  
If any such Senior Notes are to be so redeemed, there can be no assurance that Noteholders will be 
able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on 
the Notes being redeemed. Potential investors should therefore consider reinvestment risk in light of 
other investments available at that time. In addition, a MREL Disqualification Event could result in a 
decrease in the market price of the Notes.  
Early redemption and repurchase of Senior Notes may be restricted  
Any early redemption or repurchase of Senior Notes is subject, where applicable, to compliance by 
the Issuer with any conditions for redemption or repurchase prescribed by MREL Requirements at the 
relevant time, including those applicable due to the qualification of those Notes as eligible liabilities 
available to meet the MREL Requirements. In addition, the early redemption or repurchase of Senior 
Notes that qualify as eligible liabilities available to meet MREL Requirements is subject to prior

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
approval by the Regulatory Authority, which will be granted where any of the following conditions is 
met, subject to prior consultation with the Single Resolution Board (the “SRB”): 
• 
on or before early redemption or purchase of the Notes, the Issuer replaces the Notes with own 
funds instruments or eligible liabilities of an equal or higher quality on terms that are 
sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer;  
• 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Regulatory Authority that its own funds 
and eligible liabilities would, following such redemption or purchase, exceed the requirements 
for own funds and eligible liabilities set out in Directive 2013/36/EU (otherwise known as 
“CRD IV”) or the BRRD (or, in either case, any relevant implementing provisions under Italian 
law) or CRR by a margin that the Regulatory Authority considers necessary; or  
• 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Regulatory Authority that the partial or full 
replacement of the eligible liabilities with own funds instruments is necessary to ensure 
compliance with the own funds requirements laid down in CRR and CRD IV for continuing 
authorisation, 
and, in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, compliance by the Issuer with any conditions to 
such redemption or repurchase prescribed by Article 12-bis and Article 91, paragraph 1-bis, sub-
paragraph c-bis of the TUB and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such 
purposes by any regulatory authority at the relevant time.  
Additional risks related to Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes are senior non-preferred obligations and are junior to certain obligations 
In order to be eligible to meet the requirements and conditions of Articles 12-bis and 91, section 1-bis, 
letter c-bis of the TUB and any relevant implementing regulations which may be enacted for such 
purposes by any Regulatory Authority and also qualify as eligible liabilities available to meet the 
MREL Requirements, Senior Non-Preferred Notes will rank junior to (i) Senior Preferred Notes and (ii) 
any other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to 
rank by their terms, senior to Senior Non-Preferred Notes. As a result, the default risk on the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes will be higher than the risk associated with preferred senior debt (such as Senior 
Preferred Notes) and other senior liabilities (such as wholesale deposits). Although Senior Non-
Preferred Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes which rank senior to the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, there is a greater risk that investors in Senior Non-Preferred Notes will 
lose all or some of their investment if the Issuer becomes insolvent. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes are relatively new types of instruments  
The issue of Senior Non-Preferred Notes has been provided for under relatively recent legislation 
which took effect on 1 January 2018. As a result, Senior Non-Preferred Notes are relatively new types 
of instruments and any prospective investors should be aware that, as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, no interpretation of the relevant legislation has been issued by any court or regulator and 
no regulations have been issued by the Bank of Italy. Consequently, regulations and/or official 
interpretations relating to the above may be issued in the future by the Bank of Italy or another 
regulatory authority, the impact of which cannot be predicted by the Issuer as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
In addition, market participants, including credit rating agencies, are in the initial stages of evaluating 
the risks associated with senior non-preferred obligations. The credit ratings assigned to senior non-
preferred securities such as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes may change as the rating agencies 
refine their approaches, and the value of such securities may be particularly volatile as the market 
becomes more familiar with them. Over time, the credit ratings and value of senior non-preferred

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
securities may be lower than those expected by investors at the time of issuance, reflecting the 
increased risk of loss in the event of the Issuer’s insolvency. Consequently, investors may incur 
losses in respect of their investments in Senior Non-Preferred Notes.  
Risks related to Subordinated Notes 
Ranking of Subordinated Notes 
If the Issuer is declared insolvent and a winding up is initiated or in the event that the Issuer becomes 
subject to an order for liquidazione coatta amministrativa (as defined in the TUB), it will be required to 
pay the holders of senior debt (including holders of Senior Notes) and meet its obligations to all its 
other creditors (including unsecured creditors) in full before it can make any payments on the 
Subordinated Notes. If this occurs, the Issuer may not have enough assets remaining after these 
payments to cover amounts due under the Subordinated Notes. As a result, although Subordinated 
Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable notes which are not subordinated, there is a 
real risk that an investor in Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of its investment should the Issuer 
become insolvent. In addition, the market price of Subordinated Notes may be more volatile than the 
market prices of unsubordinated debt securities and may be more sensitive generally to adverse 
changes in the financial condition of the Issuer. See also “Regulatory classification of Subordinated 
Notes” below and, for a full description of the provisions relating to Subordinated Notes, see 
Conditions 4(c) (Status of Subordinated Notes) and (d) (Status of disqualified Subordinated Notes). 
Regulatory classification of Subordinated Notes 
The intention of the Issuer is for Subordinated Notes to qualify on issue as Tier II Capital for regulatory 
capital purposes, as long as that is permitted under the Capital Adequacy Regulations. Current 
regulatory practice by the Bank of Italy does not require (or customarily provide) a confirmation prior 
to issuance that any Subordinated Notes will be treated as such. Whilst it is the Issuer's expectation 
that those Notes qualify as Tier II Capital, there can be no assurance that this is or will remain the 
case during the life of those Notes or that the Notes will be grandfathered under the implementation of 
future EU capital requirement regulations. In addition, if the Notes cease to qualify as Tier II Capital 
and are not grandfathered, the Issuer will (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms) have the right to 
redeem the Notes in accordance with Condition 11(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons) (see “Early 
redemption following a Tier II Disqualification Event” below).  
In addition, to the extent that the right to redeem any Series of Subordinated Notes that cease to 
qualify as Tier II Capital (“disqualified Subordinated Notes”) is not exercised, holders of any Series 
of Subordinated Notes that do qualify, and continue to qualify, as Tier II Capital, should be aware that 
their Subordinated Notes will, from then on, rank junior to disqualified Subordinated Notes. See 
Conditions 4(c) (Status of Subordinated Notes) and (d) (Status of disqualified Subordinated Notes). 
Loss absorption at the point of non-viability of the Issuer 
Investors in Subordinated Notes should be aware that, in addition to the general bail-in tool under the 
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (described in further detail in “- The Bank Recovery and 
Resolution Directive may affect Notes” above), resolution authorities have further powers under the 
BRRD to write down permanently or convert into equity capital instruments such as Subordinated 
Notes at the point of non-viability of the financial institution or the group and before any other 
resolution action is taken (“non-viability loss absorption”). Any shares issued to holders of 
Subordinated Notes upon any such conversion into equity may also be subject to any application of 
the general bail-in tool. For the purposes of the application of any non-viability loss absorption 
measure, the point of non-viability under the BRRD is the point at which the relevant authority 
determines that the institution (or group) meets the conditions for resolution (but no resolution action 
has yet been taken) or that the institution (or group) will no longer be viable unless the relevant capital

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
instruments (such as Subordinated Notes) are written-down or converted or extraordinary public 
support is to be provided. For further information, see “Material Risks that are specific to the 
Issuer - Changes in regulatory framework” above. 
Early redemption following a Tier II Disqualification Event  
If at any time a Tier II Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing in relation to any Series of 
Subordinated Notes, and the relevant Final Terms specify that Regulatory Call is applicable, the 
Issuer may (subject to the provisions of Condition 11(h) (Conditions for redemption and purchase of 
Notes) elect to redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes of that Series. A Tier II Disqualification 
Event occurs where: 
• 
there is a change in Capital Adequacy Regulations or in their official application or 
interpretation, in each case occurring after the date of issue of the first Tranche of the relevant 
Series of Notes, as a result of which the relevant Subordinated Notes cease to qualify either in 
whole or in part as Tier II Capital of the Issuer; and  
• 
where the Early Redemption Date falls before five years from the date of issue of the Notes, 
both of the following conditions must also be met: (i) the Regulatory Authority considers such a 
change to be sufficiently certain; and (ii) the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the 
Regulatory Authority that the change in regulatory classification of the Notes was not 
reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date.  
See also “Regulatory classification of Subordinated Notes” above.  
If any such Subordinated Notes are to be so redeemed, there can be no assurance that Noteholders 
will be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest 
rate on the Notes being redeemed. Potential investors should therefore consider reinvestment risk in 
light of other investments available at that time. In addition, a Tier II Disqualification Event could result 
in a decrease in the market price of the Subordinated Notes.  
Risks relating to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the main market risks relating to the Notes. 
The secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market 
does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily 
or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a 
developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to 
interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or 
have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These 
types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than 
conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of 
Notes. In addition, the Notes might not be listed on a stock exchange or admitted to trading on any 
securities market or other trading facility and, in these circumstances, pricing information may be 
more difficult to obtain and the liquidity and market price of the Notes may be adversely affected. In 
an illiquid market, an investor might not be able to sell its Notes at fair market prices or at all.  
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in 
a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These 
include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with 
jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in 
the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the 
Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the 
principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive 
less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal at all. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. Where an 
issue of Notes is rated, investors should be aware that:  
• 
such rating will reflect only the views of the rating agency and may not reflect the potential 
impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above and other 
factors that may affect the value of the Notes;  
• 
Notes may be rated or unrated and, where they are rated, their rating will not necessarily be the 
same as the rating applicable to the Issuer; 
• 
a rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to review, 
revision, suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency; and 
• 
notwithstanding the above, an adverse change in a credit rating could adversely affect the 
trading price for the Notes.  
Furthermore, in general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes if such rating is issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA but not registered 
under the CRA Regulation. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued 
by non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-
registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EEA rating agency is certified in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation.  
See also “Material Risks that are Specific to the Issuer - Downgrade of the Issuer's credit ratings” 
above.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following information is incorporated by reference in, and forms part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(1) 
the audited annual financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 December 
2021, as shown in the Issuer's 2021 Annual Report; and 
(2) 
the audited annual financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 December 
2020, as shown in the Issuer's 2020 Annual Report, 
together with the accompanying notes and auditors’ reports. Any statement contained in this Base 
Prospectus or in any of the documents incorporated by reference in, and forming part of, this Base 
Prospectus shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to 
the extent that a statement contained in any document subsequently incorporated by reference by 
way of supplement prepared in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation modifies or 
supersedes such statement. 
The financial statements referred to above are available both in the original Italian and in English. 
Only the English language versions are incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Base 
Prospectus. The English language versions are direct translations from the Italian language 
documents but, in the event of any inconsistencies or discrepancies between the Italian and English 
language versions, the original Italian versions will prevail. 
Access to documents 
Each of the above documents have been previously filed with the CSSF and can be accessed at the 
following addresses on the Issuer’s website: 
• 
audited annual financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 December 
2021: 
https://www.mediocredito.it/en/content/download/882414/11821981/file/2021%20%25-
%20IAS%20-%20Progetto%20di%20bilancio_EN%20DEFINITIVO.pdf 
• 
audited annual financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 December 
2020: 
https://www.mediocredito.it/en/content/download/880521/11807080/file/Mediocredito%20Trentin
o%20-%20A.A.%20S.p.A.%20-%20Annual%20Report%202020.pdf  
In addition, the Issuer will, upon oral or written request, provide free of charge a copy of this Base 
Prospectus (or any document deemed to be incorporated by reference herein) at the specified offices 
of the Paying Agents. Written or oral requests for such documents should be directed to the specified 
office of any Paying Agent or the specified office of the Listing Agent in Luxembourg. In addition, such 
documents, together with this Base Prospectus, is available on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
Cross-reference lists 
The following table shows where to find the information in the above-mentioned documents that is 
required to be disclosed under Annex 7, paragraph 11.1 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2019/980 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation (as amended).

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
Annual financial statements 
Page number(s) 
 
2021 Annual 
Report 2021 
 
2020 Annual 
Report  
Statement of financial position ................................................................
87 
 
83 
Income statement ....................................................................................
88 
 
84 
Statement of comprehensive income ......................................................
89 
 
85 
Statement of changes in equity ...............................................................
90 
 
86 
Cash flow statement (indirect method) ....................................................
91 
 
87 
Notes to the financial statements ............................................................
93 - 199 
 
89 - 198 
Annexes ..................................................................................................
201 - 210 
 
199 - 208 
Independent auditors’ report ...................................................................
77 - 81 
 
73 - 77 
 
Information contained in the 2021 Annual Report and the 2020 Annual Report that is not listed above 
does not form part of this Base Prospectus and is either not relevant or covered elsewhere in this 
Base Prospectus.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
FINAL TERMS AND SUPPLEMENTS 
The Issuer has given an undertaking to the Dealers that, if at any time during the duration of the 
Programme there is a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the 
information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of the Notes, it shall 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a replacement Base Prospectus for use in 
connection with any subsequent offering of the Notes and shall supply to each Dealer any number of 
copies of such supplement as a Dealer may reasonably request. 
In addition, any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and 
which is required in order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will 
be contained in the relevant Final Terms, unless any of such information constitutes a significant new 
factor with respect to the information contained in this Base Prospectus, in which case the Issuer will 
publish a supplement to this Base Prospectus. In this section the expression “necessary information” 
means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the information necessary to enable investors to make an 
informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects 
of the Issuer, the rights attaching to the Notes and the reasons for the issue of the Tranche and its 
impact on the Issuer. 
The Issuer will have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new 
factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies after the end of its 12-month validity period.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
Introduction 
Each Tranche of Notes will initially be in the form of either a temporary global note (the “Temporary 
Global Note”), without interest coupons, or a permanent global note (the “Permanent Global Note”), 
without interest coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Temporary 
Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Note (each a “Global Note”) which is not 
intended to be issued in new global note form (a “Classic Global Note” or “CGN”), as specified in the 
Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a 
depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. (“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream 
Banking, société anonyme, Luxembourg (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) and/or any other relevant 
clearing system and each Global Note which is intended to be issued in a new global note form (a 
“New Global Note” or “NGN”), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around 
the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Eurosystem eligibility 
Notes in NGN form are intended to be in a form that allows such Notes to be in compliance with 
requirements for their recognition as eligible collateral for monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations of the central banking system for the euro (the “Eurosystem”), subject to certain other 
criteria being fulfilled (including denomination in euro and listing on an EU regulated market or on a 
non-regulated market accepted by the European Central Bank). The relevant Final Terms will specify  
whether or not such Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility.  
TEFRA 
The relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the “TEFRA C Rules”) or United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the 
“TEFRA D Rules”) are applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the Notes do not have a maturity of 
more than 365 days, that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms specify the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable 
for a Permanent Global Note", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note 
without interest coupons, interests in which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a 
Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. No payments will 
be made under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for interests in the Permanent Global 
Note is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot 
be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a 
Permanent Global Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the prompt delivery 
(free of charge to the bearer) of such Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global 
Note or (in the case of any subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the 
Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or 
to the order of the Fiscal Agent; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership,

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
within 7 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
The principal amount of the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of the principal 
amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership, provided, however, that in no 
circumstances shall the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note exceed the initial principal 
amount of the Temporary Global Note. 
The Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Notes in definitive form 
(“Definitive Notes”): 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specify “in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent 
Global Note", then if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing 
system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal 
holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or (b) any of the 
circumstances described in Condition 14(b) (Events of default) occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated 
and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate 
principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the 
Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the 
Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Where the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes in the circumstances 
described in (i) and (ii) above, Notes may only be issued in denominations which are integral multiples 
of the minimum denomination and may only be traded in such amounts, whether in global or definitive 
form. As an exception to the above rule, where the Permanent Global Note may only be exchanged in 
the limited circumstances described in (iii) above, Notes may be issued in denominations which 
represent the aggregate of:  
(a) 
in the case of Senior Preferred Notes, a minimum denomination of €100,000 plus integral 
multiples of €1,000, provided that such denominations are not less than €100,000 nor more 
than €199,000;  
(b) 
in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, a minimum denomination of €150,000 plus 
integral multiples of €1,000, provided that such denominations are not less than €150,000 nor 
more than €299,000; or  
(c) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, a minimum denomination of €200,000 plus integral 
multiples of €1,000, provided that such denominations are not less than €200,000 nor more 
than €399,000, 
or such other minimum denominations is may be provided for by applicable law from time to time.   
For the avoidance of doubt, each holder of Notes of such denominations will, upon exchange for 
Definitive Notes, receive Definitive Notes in an amount equal to its entitlement to the principal amount 
represented by the Permanent Global Note. However, a Noteholder who holds a principal amount of 
less than the minimum denomination may not receive a Definitive Note and would need to purchase a 
principal amount of Notes such that its holding is an integral multiple of the minimum denomination.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specify the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes” and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the 
TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a 
Temporary Global Note, without interest coupons, interests in which will be exchangeable, in whole 
but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specify the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes” and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will 
initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note, without interest coupons, interests in which will be 
exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of 
the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest 
payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated 
and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate 
principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the 
Temporary Global Note against the surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the 
Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Where the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, Notes may only be issued 
in denominations which are integral multiples of the minimum denomination and may only be traded in 
such amounts, whether in global or definitive form. 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specify the form of Notes as being “Permanent Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note, without 
interest coupons, interests in which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specify “in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent 
Global Note", then if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing 
system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal 
holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or (b) any of the 
circumstances described in Condition 14(b) (Events of default) occurs. 
Save as set out below, where interests in the Permanent Global Note are exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes, such Notes may only be issued in denominations which are integral multiples of their minimum 
denomination and may only be traded in such amounts, whether in global or definitive form. As an 
exception to the above rule, where the Permanent Global Note may only be exchanged in the limited 
circumstances described in (iii) above, Notes may be issued in denominations which represent the 
aggregate of: 
(a) 
in the case of Senior Preferred Notes, a minimum denomination of €100,000 plus integral 
multiples of €1,000, provided that such denominations are not less than €100,000 nor more 
than €199,000;

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
(b) 
in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, a minimum denomination of €150,000 plus 
integral multiples of €1,000, provided that such denominations are not less than €150,000 nor 
more than €299,000; or  
(c) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, a minimum denomination of €200,000 plus integral 
multiples of €1,000, provided that such denominations are not less than €200,000 nor more 
than €399,000,  
or such other minimum denominations as may be provided for by applicable law from time to time.  
For the avoidance of doubt, each holder of Notes of such denominations will, upon exchange for 
Definitive Notes, receive Definitive Notes in an amount equal to its entitlement to the principal amount 
represented by the Permanent Global Note. However, a Noteholder who holds a principal amount of 
less than the minimum denomination may not receive a Definitive Note and would need to purchase a 
principal amount of Notes such that its holding is an integral multiple of the minimum denomination. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated 
and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate 
principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the 
Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the 
Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will 
consist of the terms and conditions set out under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below and the 
provisions of the relevant Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and 
conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under 
“Overview of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form” below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in global 
form, the Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend 
to the following effect: 
“Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United 
States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the 
Internal Revenue Code." 
The sections referred to in such legend provide that a United States person who holds a Note, 
Coupon or Talon will generally not be allowed to deduct any loss realised on the sale, exchange or 
redemption of such Note, Coupon or Talon and any gain (which might otherwise be characterised as 
capital gain) recognised on such sale, exchange or redemption will be treated as ordinary income.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, together with the relevant Final Terms, will 
be endorsed on each English Law Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. The terms 
and conditions applicable to any English Law Notes in global form will differ from those which would 
apply to those Notes were they in definitive form to the extent described under “Overview of 
Provisions relating to the Notes while in Global Form” below. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme: Mediocredito Trentino-Alto Adige S.p.A. (the “Issuer”) has established a Euro 
Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) for the issuance of up to €1,000,000,000 in 
aggregate principal amount of notes (the “Notes”), which may be governed either by English 
law (the “English Law Notes”) or by Italian law (the “Italian Law Notes”). These terms and 
conditions (the “Conditions”) apply to English Law Notes only. 
(b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a “Series”) and 
each Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a “Tranche”) of Notes. Each Tranche is 
the subject of final terms (the “Final Terms”) which will specify whether the Notes are English 
Law Notes or Italian Law Notes. The terms and conditions applicable to any Tranche of English 
Law Notes are these Conditions, together with the relevant Final Terms. In the event of any 
inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms 
shall prevail. 
(c) 
Agency Agreement: The Notes are the subject of an amended and restated issue and paying 
agency agreement relating to English Law Notes dated 19 July 2022 (as amended or 
supplemented from time to time, the “Agency Agreement”) between the Issuer, The Bank of 
New York Mellon, as fiscal agent (the “Fiscal Agent", which expression includes any successor 
fiscal agent appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes) and the other paying 
agents named therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, the “Paying Agents", which expression 
includes any successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to time in connection 
with the Notes). 
(d) 
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to “Notes” are to the English Law 
Notes which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are 
available for inspection by Noteholders during normal business hours at the Specified Office of 
the Fiscal Agent, the initial Specified Office of which is set out below. 
(e) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement 
and are subject to its detailed provisions. The holders of the Notes (the “Noteholders”) and the 
holders of the related interest coupons, if any (the “Couponholders” and the “Coupons", 
respectively), are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement applicable to them. Copies of the Agency Agreement are available for inspection by 
Noteholders during normal business hours at the Specified Offices of each of the Paying 
Agents, the initial Specified Offices of which are set out below. 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
“Accrual Yield” means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Additional Business Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms;

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
“Additional Financial Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Additional Tier 1 Capital” has the meaning given to such term (or any other equivalent term) 
in the Capital Adequacy Regulations; 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative) or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, which in either case is to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and which:  
(i) 
(in the case of a Successor Rate) is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any 
Benchmark Nominating Body; or  
(ii) 
(if no such recommendation has been made or in the case of an Alternative Rate) the 
Independent Reference Rate Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable), acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner and in good faith, determines is customarily applied to 
the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international 
debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for 
the Original Reference Rate; or 
(iii) 
(if Independent Reference Rate Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that no 
such spread, formula or methodology is customarily applied) the Independent 
Reference Rate Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable), acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner and in good faith, determines is recognised or acknowledged as 
being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference 
the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or  
(iv) 
(if the Independent Reference Rate Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable), acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner and in good faith determines that no such industry 
standard is recognised or acknowledged) the Independent Reference Rate Adviser or 
the Issuer (as applicable) determines to be appropriate to reduce or eliminate, to the 
extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit 
(as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be);  
“Alternative Rate” means: 
(i) 
an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Reference Rate Adviser 
or the Issuer (as applicable), acting in a commercially reasonable manner and in good 
faith, determines in accordance with Condition 8(d) (Successor or Alternative Rate) is in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of 
determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the same 
Specified Currency as the Notes and with a comparable duration to the relevant Interest 
Periods; or 
(ii) 
if the Independent Reference Rate Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that 
there is no such rate, such other rate as such Independent Reference Rate Adviser or 
the Issuer (as applicable) determines in its discretion (acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner and in good faith) is most comparable to the Original Reference 
Rate; 
“Bail-in Power” means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, or suspension power 
existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
or requirements in effect in the Republic of Italy, relating to (i) the transposition of the BRRD (in 
including, but not limited to, Legislative Decrees Nos. 180/2015 and 181/2015), as amended 
from time to time, (ii) the SRM Regulation and (iii) the instruments, rules and standards created 
thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of certain credit institutions, investment firms 
and/or their respective affiliates can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, 
other securities, or other obligations of such regulated entity or any other person (or suspended 
for a temporary period); 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(f) (Benchmark 
Amendments); 
“Benchmark Event" means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing be published on the Relevant Screen Page as a 
result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or  
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has 
ceased or that it will, by a specified future date (the "Specified Future Date"), cease 
publication of the Original Reference Rate, either permanently or indefinitely, in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been, or will be, appointed that 
will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate; or  
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator, or by the administrator, of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate:  
(A) 
has been or will, by a Specified Future Date, be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or  
(B) 
will, by a Specified Future Date, be prohibited from being used or that its use 
will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or in 
respect of the Notes; or  
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator, or by the administrator, of the 
Original Reference Rate that, in the view of such supervisor or administrator, such 
Original Reference Rate is no longer representative of an underlying market; or  
(v) 
any event or circumstance whereby it has or will, by a specified date within the following 
six months, become unlawful for any Calculation Agent to calculate any payments due 
to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate (as applicable) 
(including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation, if applicable), 
provided that, in the case of paragraphs (ii) and (iii) above, where the Specified Future Date in 
the public statement is more than six months after the date of that public statement, the 
Benchmark Event shall not be deemed to occur until the date falling six months prior to such 
Specified Future Date; 
“Benchmark Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable):  
(i) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for the 
currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or  
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of: (A) the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
institution for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates; (B) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); (C) a 
group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities; or (D) the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof;  
"Benchmark Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and 
financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 
2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 (as amended, supplemented 
or superseded from time to time); 
“BRRD” means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 
2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms, as amended, supplemented or superseded from time to time, including 
pursuant to Directive (EU) 2019/879 and including any successor legislation; 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if 
any) Additional Business Centre; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, 
in the Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional 
Business Centre; 
“Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, means one or more of the 
conventions set out below and specified as being applicable to that date in the relevant Final 
Terms and, if so specified, may mean different conventions in relation to different dates and, in 
this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
“Following Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be 
postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day;  
(ii) 
“Modified Following Business Day Convention” or “Modified Business Day 
Convention” means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day 
that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case 
that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day;  
(iii) 
“Preceding Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be brought 
forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day;  
(iv) 
“FRN Convention", “Floating Rate Convention” or “Eurodollar Convention” means 
that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the 
preceding such date in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the 
preceding such date occurred provided, however, that:  
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in 
which any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is 
a Business Day in that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, 
then such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first 
preceding day which is a Business Day; and 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which 
was a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which 
is a Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of 
months after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; 
and 
(v) 
“No Adjustment” means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention;  
“Calculation Agent” means the Fiscal Agent or such other person specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
“Calculation Amount” means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Capital Adequacy Regulations” means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect in the Republic of Italy 
including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, those regulations, requirements, 
guidelines, standards and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect of the Regulatory 
Authority (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and 
whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer);  
“Coupon Sheet” means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
“CRR” means Regulation No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 
June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as amended, 
supplemented or superseded from time to time, including pursuant to Regulation (EU) No. 
2019/876 and including any successor regulations; 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the “Calculation Period”), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or 
the relevant Final Terms and: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is so specified, means: 
(A) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period 
during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by the product of (a) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and 
(b) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(1) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of (a) the 
actual number of days in such Regular Period and (b) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and 
(2) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days 
in such Regular Period and (b) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365” or “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is so specified, means the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of 
the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360", “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is so specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30;  
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:  
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where:  
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:  
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where:  
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 
will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day 
of the Calculation Period;  
“Decree No. 239” means Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 and related regulations of 
implementation, as amended, supplemented and/or re-enacted from time to time;  
“Deed of Covenant” means the deed of covenant dated 19 July 2022 relating to the Notes 
executed by the Issuer, as amended or supplemented from time to time; 
“Designated Maturity” means the period or periods specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory Event)” means in respect of any Note, (i) its 
principal amount or (ii) such other amount expressed as an amount due in respect of each 
Calculation Amount represented by such Note, as may be specified in or determined in 
accordance with the relevant Final Terms; 
“Early Redemption Amount (Tax)” means, in respect of any Note, (i) its principal amount or (ii) 
such other amount expressed as an amount due in respect of each Calculation Amount 
represented by such Note, as may be specified in or determined in accordance with the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“Early Redemption Date” means the date specified in any notice to redeem the Notes given by 
the Issuer pursuant to Condition 11(b) (Redemption for tax reasons) or 11(c) (Redemption for 
regulatory reasons), subject to:

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
(i) 
the minimum and maximum periods of notice specified in Condition 11(b) (Redemption 
for tax reasons) or, in the case of redemption pursuant to Condition 11(c) (Redemption 
for regulatory reasons), the relevant Final Terms; and  
(ii) 
such date being an Interest Payment Date where interest accruing for the period to (but 
excluding) such date is required to be calculated either (i) in accordance with the 
Floating Rate Note Provisions for the whole of that period or (ii) initially in another 
manner but in accordance with the Floating Rate Note Provisions for the remainder of 
that period;  
“Early Termination Amount” means, in respect of any Note, (i) its principal amount or (ii) such 
other amount expressed as an amount due in respect of each Calculation Amount represented 
by such Note, as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“EURIBOR” means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest 
rate benchmark known as the Euro-zone interbank offered rate which is calculated and 
published by a designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the 
requirements from time to time of the European Money Markets Institute (or any other Person 
that takes over the administration of that rate), based on estimated interbank borrowing rates 
for a number of designated currencies and maturities which are provided, in respect of each 
such currency, by a panel of contributor banks;  
“Extraordinary Resolution” has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
“Final Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Note, (i) its principal amount if stated in 
the relevant Final Terms to be redeemable at par or (ii) such other amount expressed as an 
amount due in respect of each Calculation Amount represented by such Note, as may be 
specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms, subject in each case 
to any early redemption, repayment, purchase and/or cancellation;  
“First Interest Payment Date” means the date or dates specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Fixed Coupon Amount” means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Fixed Rate Interest Period(s)” means:  
(i) 
in the case of Fixed to Floating Rate Notes:  
(A) 
if the relevant Final Terms specify only one Switch Date, the period from, and 
including, the Interest Commencement Date to, but excluding, the Switch Date; 
or 
(B) 
if the relevant Final Terms specify more than one Switch Date: 
(1) 
the period from, and including, the Interest Commencement Date to, but 
excluding, the first Switch Date; and  
(2) 
each subsequent period (if any) from, and including, the next but one 
Switch Date to, but excluding, the next following Switch Date or (where 
applicable) the Maturity Date; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating to Fixed Rate Notes:  
(A) 
if the relevant Final Terms specify only one Switch Date, the period from, and 
including, the Switch Date to, but excluding, the Maturity Date; or

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
(B) 
if the relevant Final Terms specify more than one Switch Date: 
(1) 
the period from, and including, the first Switch Date to, but excluding, the 
second Switch Date; and 
(2) 
following the second Switch Date, each subsequent period (if any) from, 
and including, the next but one Switch Date to, but excluding, the next 
following Switch Date or (where applicable) the Maturity Date;  
“Fixed Rate Note Provisions” means the provisions contained in Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions); 
“Fixed Rate Resetting Provisions” means the provisions contained in Condition 
6(e) (Resetting of interest); 
“Floating Rate Interest Period(s)” means: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating to Fixed Rate Notes:  
(A) 
if the relevant Final Terms specify only one Switch Date, the period from, and 
including, the Interest Commencement Date to, but excluding, the Switch Date; 
or 
(B) 
if the relevant Final Terms specify more than one Switch Date: 
(1) 
the period from, and including, the Interest Commencement Date to, but 
excluding, the first Switch Date; and  
(2) 
each subsequent period (if any) from, and including, the next but one 
Switch Date to, but excluding, the next following Switch Date or (where 
applicable) the Maturity Date; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Fixed to Floating Rate Notes:  
(A) 
if the relevant Final Terms specify only one Switch Date, the period from, and 
including, the Switch Date to, but excluding, the Maturity Date; or 
(B) 
if the relevant Final Terms specify more than one Switch Date: 
(1) 
the period from, and including, the first Switch Date to, but excluding, the 
second Switch Date; and 
(2) 
following the second Switch Date, each subsequent period (if any) from, 
and including, the next but one Switch Date to, but excluding, the next 
following Switch Date or (where applicable) the Maturity Date;  
“Floating Rate Note Provisions” means the provisions contained in Condition 7 (Floating Rate 
Note Provisions); 
“Independent Reference Rate Adviser” means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise in the 
international capital markets appointed by the Issuer at its own expense under Condition 8(b) 
(Appointment of independent adviser); 
“Interest Amount” means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may 
be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
“Interest Determination Date” means the date or dates specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Interest Payment Date” means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates 
specified as such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final 
Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day 
Convention; or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may 
occur in accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest 
Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous 
Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
“Interest Period” means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment 
Date; 
“ISDA” means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any of its 
successors); 
“ISDA Definitions” means:  
(i) 
unless the Final Terms specify that 2021 ISDA Definitions are applicable, the 2006 
ISDA Definitions, as amended and updated; or  
(ii) 
if the Final Terms specify that 2021 ISDA Definitions are applicable, the latest version 
of the ISDA 2021 Interest Rate Derivatives (including each Matrix, as defined therein, 
and any successor thereto),  
in each case, as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series and 
as published by ISDA and obtainable on its website (www.isda.org); 
“Issue Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Margin” means the amount specified as such and expressed as a percentage in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
“Maturity Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, provided that 
such date does not fall: 
(i) 
in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, less than twelve months after the Issue 
Date; or  
(ii) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, less than five years after the Issue Date; 
“Maximum Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Note, an amount specified as such 
in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate” means, for any Reset Period, the mean of the bid and offered rates 
for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled 
interest payments are payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the 
day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified 
Currency, which transaction: 
(i) 
has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset 
Date; 
(ii) 
is in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at 
the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market; and 
(iii) 
has a floating leg based on the Reference Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (calculated 
on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency 
as determined by the Calculation Agent); 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation” means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate;  
“Mid-Swap Maturity” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
“Mid-Swap Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to the fallback 
provisions contained in paragraph (iii) of Condition 6(e) (Resetting of interest), either:  
(i) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the rate for swaps in 
the Specified Currency:  
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date,  
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(ii) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic mean 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap 
rate quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency:  
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the Principal Financial Centre on such Reset 
Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
“Minimum Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Note, an amount specified as such 
in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
a “MREL Disqualification Event” is deemed to have occurred in relation to a Series of Senior 
Notes if, at any time, all or part of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the relevant 
Series is or will be excluded, in whole or in part, from eligible liabilities available to meet the 
MREL Requirements, provided that the exclusion of any Notes of such Series from the liabilities 
that are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements for the following reasons does not constitute a 
MREL Disqualification Event:  
(i) 
the remaining maturity of such Series being less than any period prescribed thereunder;  
(ii) 
there being insufficient headroom for any Notes of that Series within a prescribed 
exception to the otherwise applicable general requirements for eligible liabilities; and

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
(iii) 
any Notes of that Series being purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or as a result of 
a purchase which is funded directly or indirectly by the Issuer; 
“MREL Requirements” means the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, 
standards, measures and policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds and eligible 
liabilities and/or loss-absorbing capacity instruments applicable to the Issuer from time to time, 
including (without limitation) any delegated or implementing acts (such as regulatory technical 
standards) adopted by the European Commission and any regulations, requirements, 
guidelines, rules, standards, measures and policies relating to minimum requirements for own 
funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity instruments adopted by the Republic 
of Italy or the Regulatory Authority, the Resolution Authority or the European Banking Authority 
from time to time (whether or not such requirements, guidelines, measures or policies are 
applied generally or specifically to the Issuer), in each case as amended, supplemented, 
superseded or replaced from time to time;  
“Optional Redemption Amount (Call)” means, in respect of any Note, (i) its principal amount 
or (ii) such other amount expressed as an amount due in respect of each Calculation Amount 
represented by such Notes that may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Put)” means, in respect of any Note, (i) its principal amount 
or (ii) such other amount expressed as an amount due in respect of each Calculation Amount 
represented by such Notes that may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the 
relevant Final Terms;  
“Optional Redemption Date (Call)” means the date or dates specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms, provided that such date does not fall: 
(i) 
in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, less than twelve months after the Issue 
Date; or  
(ii) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, less than five years after the Issue Date; 
“Optional Redemption Date (Put)” means the date or dates specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the 
Notes; 
“Participating Member State” means a Member State of the European Union which adopts the 
euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
“Payment Business Day” means: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day 
and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if 
any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is:

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in 
foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
“person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality; 
“Principal Financial Centre” means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre 
for that currency provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the 
European Union as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case 
of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in relation to 
New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland, in each case as is 
selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the 
Calculation Agent; 
“Prudential Regulations for Banks” means the Bank of Italy's Disposizioni di Vigilianza per le 
Banche, as set out in Bank of Italy Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013, as amended, 
supplemented and/or superseded from time to time, including any successor regulations; 
“Put Option Notice” means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any 
Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
“Put Option Receipt” means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder 
upon deposit of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to 
redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest 
payable in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or 
determined in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Redemption Amount” means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount (Regulatory Event), the Early Redemption Amount (Tax), the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the Early Termination 
Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in, or 
determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Banks” means the financial institutions specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms or, if not so specified:  
(i) 
for the purposes of Condition 6(e) (Resetting of interest), four major banks in the swap, 
money, securities or other market most closely connected with the relevant Mid-Swap 
Rate, as selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international 
repute;

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
(ii) 
for the purposes of Condition 7(c) (Screen rate determination), four major banks 
selected by the Calculation Agent in the market that is most closely connected with the 
Reference Rate;  
“Reference Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;  
“Reference Price” means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Rate” means, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, the deposit rate, the 
interbank rate, the swap rate or bond yield, as the case may be, which appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
“Regular Period” means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and 
including one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to 
be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular 
Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where “Regular Date” 
means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; 
and 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period 
from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where “Regular Date” means the day and month (but not the year) on which any 
Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of 
the irregular Interest Period; 
“Regulatory Authority” means the Bank of Italy or any other governmental authority in Italy (or 
other country in which the Issuer is then domiciled having supervisory powers over the Issuer) 
or any European Union or other supranational authority having responsibility for regulating the 
Issuer in its capacity as a financial and/or credit institution; 
“Regulatory Event” means: 
(i) 
in relation to any Senior Notes, a MREL Disqualification Event; or 
(ii) 
in relation to any Subordinated Notes, a Tier II Disqualification Event;  
“Relevant Date” means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on 
which the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not 
been received in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Fiscal Agent 
on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice 
to that effect has been given to the Noteholders; 
“Relevant Financial Centre” means the city or cities or other geographical area or areas 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Relevant Screen Page” means the page, section or other part of a particular information 
service (including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the 
relevant Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that 
information service or such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
the person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of 
displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
“Relevant Time” means the time specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reserved Matter” has the meaning given to it in the Agency Agreement and includes any 
proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes, to 
reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on any date in respect of the Notes, to alter 
the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes or the date for any 
such payment, to change the currency of any payment under the Notes or to change the 
quorum requirements relating to meetings or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary 
Resolution, provided that no modification of the Notes falling within the scope of Conditions 
8 (Benchmark Replacement) or 18(c) (Variation or substitution) shall be considered a Reserved 
Matter;  
“Reset Date” means the date or dates specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reset Determination Date" means, in respect of each Reset Period, the second Business 
Day prior to the Reset Date; 
"Reset Period" means each period from (and including) a Reset Date to (but excluding) the 
next following Reset Date or, if no such Reset Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Maturity Date;  
“Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any Reset Period, the rate of interest determined 
by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant 
Mid-Swap Rate and the relevant Margin;  
“Resolution Authority” means the Italian resolution authority, the Single Resolution Board 
(SRB) established pursuant to the SRM Regulation and/or any other authority entitled to 
exercise or participate in the exercise of any Resolution Power or Bail-in Power from time to 
time; 
“Resolution Power” means any statutory write-down, transfer and/or conversion power 
existing from time to time under any laws regulations, rules or requirements relating to the 
resolution of the Issuer or any other group entities (as defined in the BRRD), including but not 
limited to any laws, regulations, rules or requirements implementing the BRRD and/or the SRM 
Regulation; 
“Senior Non-Preferred Notes” means Notes specified as such in the relevant Final Terms and 
intended to qualify as strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello of the Issuer, as 
defined under and for the purposes of Article 12-bis and Article 91, paragraph 1-bis, sub-
paragraph c-bis of the TUB, as amended, supplemented and/or superseded from time to time, 
and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by any 
Regulatory Authority; 
“Senior Notes” means Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes; 
“Senior Preferred Notes” means Notes specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Specified Denomination(s)” means the denomination of the Specified Currency specified as 
such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Specified Office” has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement;

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
“Specified Period” means the period specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“SRM Regulation” means Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and 
Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of 
credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution 
Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010, as 
amended, supplemented or superseded from time to time, including pursuant to Regulation 
(EU) 2019/877) and including any successor regulations;  
“Subordinated Notes” means Notes specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, being Notes 
intended to qualify as Tier II Capital for regulatory capital purposes in accordance with Article 
63 of CRR and the Prudential Regulations for Banks;  
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which 
is formally recommended by any Benchmark Nominating Body; 
"Switch Date(s)" means: 
(i)  
where the Switch Option is not applicable, the date or dates that are specified as 
such in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(ii)  
where the Switch Option is applicable, the date or dates that are specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms and in respect of which the Issuer has given notice of 
exercise of the relevant Switch Option to Noteholders at a date on which it was 
entitled to do so pursuant to Condition 9(e) (Switching at the option of the Issuer) and 
in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices); 
“Switch Option” means, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the option of the 
Issuer, at its sole discretion, on one or more occasions and subject to the provisions of 
Condition 9(e) (Switching at the option of the Issuer) to change the interest provisions 
applicable to the Notes from the Fixed Rate Note Provisions to the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions or vice versa; 
“Switch Option Exercise Period(s)” means the period or periods specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms, which period shall in any event end not less than 15 days prior to the 
relevant Switch Date;  
“Talon” means a talon for further Coupons; 
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-
Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System is open; 
“Tier II Capital” has the meaning given to it by (i) the Regulatory Authority from time to time or 
(ii) any regulation, directive or other binding rules, standards or decisions adopted by the 
institutions of the European Union and in force from time to time, as applicable;  
a "Tier II Disqualification Event" is deemed to have occurred in relation to any Series of 
Subordinated Notes if:  
(i) 
there is a change in Capital Adequacy Regulations or any change in their official 
application or interpretation, in each case occurring after the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of such Series, as a result of which the relevant Subordinated Notes cease to 
qualify either in whole or in part as Tier II Capital of the Issuer; and 
(ii) 
where the Early Redemption Date falls before five years from the date of issue of the 
Notes, both of the following conditions are met:

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
(A) 
the Regulatory Authority considers such a change to be sufficiently certain; 
and 
(B) 
the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Regulatory Authority that the 
change in regulatory classification of the Notes was not reasonably 
foreseeable as at the Issue Date; 
“Treaty” means the Treaty on the functioning of the European Union, as amended; 
“TUB” means the Testo Unico Bancario or Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as 
amended or supplemented from time to time, including any successor legislation; and 
“Zero Coupon Note” means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders are 
not applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the 
time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at 
the time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any 
additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 13 
(Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the 
nature of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect 
of interest which may be payable under Condition 13 (Taxation) and any other amount 
in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being “outstanding” shall be construed in accordance with the 
Agency Agreement; 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to be specified or indicated in 
the relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such specification or 
indication, or specifies that such expression is “not applicable", then such expression is 
not applicable to the Notes; and 
(viii) 
any reference to the Agency Agreement or the Deed of Covenant shall be construed as 
a reference to the Agency Agreement or (as the case may be) the Deed of Covenant as 
amended and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue Date of the Notes. 
3. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are in bearer form in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case of a Series of Notes 
with more than one Specified Denomination, Notes of one Specified Denomination will not be 
exchangeable for Notes of another Specified Denomination. Title to the Notes and the Coupons 
will pass by delivery. The holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by 
law) be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and 
regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or 
any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and no person shall be liable for so treating

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
such holder. No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any Note under 
the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
4. 
Status 
(a) 
Status of Senior Preferred Notes: Senior Preferred Notes and any related Coupons constitute 
direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer which will at all 
times rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and, save for such obligations 
as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general application, at 
least pari passu with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer, but senior to Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Subordinated Notes and any further 
obligations permitted by law to rank junior to the Senior Preferred Notes. 
(b) 
Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes: Senior Non-Preferred Notes (being Notes intended to 
qualify as strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello of the Issuer, as defined under and 
for the purposes of Article 12-bis and Article 91, paragraph 1-bis, sub- paragraph c-bis of the 
TUB, and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by 
any Regulatory Authority) and any related Coupons constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated, unsecured and non-preferred obligations of the Issuer, ranking: 
(i) 
junior to Senior Preferred Notes, any related Coupons and any other unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed by their terms 
and/or by provision of law to rank, senior to Senior Non-Preferred Notes, including 
claims arising from the excluded liabilities within the meaning of Article 72a(2) of the 
CRR; but  
(ii) 
pari passu without any preferences among themselves and at least pari passu with all 
other present or future unsubordinated and non-preferred obligations of the Issuer 
which do not rank or are not expressed by their terms and/or by provisions of law to 
rank junior or senior to the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes; and  
(iii) 
in priority to Subordinated Notes, any related Coupons, any other subordinated 
obligations and the claims of shareholders of the Issuer, 
all pursuant to Article 91, paragraph 1-bis, sub-paragraph c-bis of the TUB, as amended, 
supplemented and/or superseded from time to time, and any relevant implementing regulation 
which may be enacted for such purposes by any Regulatory Authority.  
(c) 
Status of Subordinated Notes: Subordinated Notes constitute direct, unconditional and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer subordinated as described below. Save as provided in 
Condition 4(d) (Status of disqualified Subordinated Notes), the Subordinated Notes rank pari 
passu without any preference among themselves. In relation to each Series of Subordinated 
Notes, all Subordinated Notes of such Series will be treated equally and all amounts paid by 
the Issuer in respect of principal and interest thereon will be paid pro rata on all Subordinated 
Notes of such Series. In the event of the winding up, dissolution, liquidation or bankruptcy 
(including, inter alia, liquidazione coatta amministrativa of the Issuer), for so long as any Series 
of Subordinated Notes qualifies, in whole or in part, as Tier II Capital, the payment obligations 
of the Issuer under each such Series of Subordinated Notes, and the relative Coupons as the 
case may be, will rank in right of payment (A) after unsubordinated unsecured creditors 
(including depositors and any holder of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
and their respective Coupons) of the Issuer and all other creditors of the Issuer holding 
instruments that are less subordinated than the Subordinated Notes (including any 
subordinated instruments that have ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as own fund items 
(elementi di fondi propri)) but (B) at least pari passu with all other subordinated obligations of

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
the Issuer which do not rank or are not expressed by their terms to rank junior or senior to such 
Series of Subordinated Notes, including holders of present or future outstanding Tier II Capital 
of the Issuer and (C) in priority to the claims of shareholders of the Issuer and to the claims of 
creditors of the Issuer holding instruments that are more subordinated than the Subordinated 
Notes. 
(d) 
Status of disqualified Subordinated Notes: If any Series of Subordinated Notes does not qualify 
(or cease to qualify) in their entirety as own funds items (elementi di fondi propri), such 
Subordinated Notes will rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and: (A) at 
least pari passu with the Issuer's obligations in respect of any other subordinated instruments 
that have ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as own funds items (elementi di fondi propri) and 
with all other subordinated indebtedness of the Issuer that has such ranking; (B) in priority to 
payments to holders of present or future outstanding indebtedness which qualifies, in whole or 
in part, as own funds items (elementi di fondi propri), including Additional Tier 1 Capital and Tier 
II Capital; and (C) junior in right of payment to the payment of any present or future claims of 
depositors of the Issuer and any other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer (including Senior 
Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
5. 
Waiver of Set-off 
Each holder of any Notes (whether a Senior Note or a Subordinated Note) is deemed to have 
unconditionally and irrevocably waived any right of set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or 
other similar remedy which it might otherwise have, under the laws of any jurisdiction, in 
respect of such Note.  
6. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as 
provided in Condition 12 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date 
for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with 
this Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) (both before and after judgment) until whichever 
is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are 
received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after 
the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the 
Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in 
payment). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest 
Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one 
Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant 
Specified Denomination. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any 
period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the 
Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count 
Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a 
sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the 
Specified Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a 
“sub-unit” means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of 
euro, means one cent. 
(e) 
Resetting of interest: If the Final Terms specify the Fixed Note Resetting Provisions are 
applicable, the following provisions shall apply:  
(i) 
the Rate of Interest shall be adjusted to the relevant Reset Rate of Interest from (and 
including) each Reset Date to (but excluding) the next following Reset Date or, if no 
such Reset Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Maturity Date;  
(ii) 
the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount payable shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined and, in the case of the Interest Amount, in accordance with 
Condition 6(d) (Calculation of interest amount); 
(iii) 
subject to Condition 8 (Benchmark Replacement), if on any Reset Determination Date, 
the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap Rate does not appear on 
the Relevant Screen Page, the Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reference 
Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency on 
the Reset Determination Date in question, following which:  
(A) 
if two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-
Market Swap Rate Quotations, the Reset Rate of Interest for the relevant 
Reset Period shall be the sum of the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, 
to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of 
the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations and the relevant Margin, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent (and, for the avoidance of doubt, if such 
sum results in a negative amount, such amount shall be deemed to be zero);  
 
(B) 
if on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as 
provided in the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Reset Rate of 
Interest shall be determined to be the Rate of Interest as at the last preceding 
Reset Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, as at the 
Interest Commencement Date;  
(iv) 
the Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined 
by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) 
required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified 
to the Paying Agents and each listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system 
(if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
as soon as practicable after such determination but (in the case of each Rate of 
Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period, and notice thereof shall also promptly be given to 
the Noteholders; 
(v) 
the Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of 
the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the 
relevant Interest Period;  
(vi) 
if the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination, the 
Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note 
having the minimum Specified Denomination; and  
(vii) 
all notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 6 by 
the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, 
the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) 
no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the 
exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
7. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if 
the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as 
provided in Condition 12 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date 
for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with 
this Condition (both before and after judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on 
which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the 
relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the 
Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day 
(except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent (or any other Agent appointed by the Calculation Agent from time to time to act on its 
behalf) on the following basis, subject to Condition 8 (Benchmark Replacement): 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(iii) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (ii) 
above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, the Calculation Agent will: 
(A) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference 
Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the 
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the 
Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in an amount that is representative 
for a single transaction in that market at that time; and 
(B) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(iv) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the Calculation Agent, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the 
first day of the relevant Interest Period for deposits in the Specified Currency to leading 
European banks for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that 
is representative for a single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or 
(as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that (x) for the 
avoidance of doubt, if such calculation results in a negative amount, such amount shall be 
deemed to be zero and (y) if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case 
may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions in relation to any Interest 
Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will be the sum 
of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in 
relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period.  
(d) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable 
to the Notes for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate, 
where “ISDA Rate” in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate 
(as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under 
an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for 
that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA 
Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is either (A) if the relevant 
Floating Rate Option is based on EURIBOR for a currency, the first day of that Interest 
Period or (B) in any other case, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(iv) 
references in the ISDA Definitions to:  
(A) 
“Confirmation” shall be to the relevant Final Terms;  
(B) 
“Calculation Period” shall be to the relevant Interest Period;  
(C) 
“Termination Date” shall be to the Maturity Date; and 
(D) 
“Effective Date” shall be to the Interest Commencement Date; and 
(v) 
If the Final Terms specify that 2021 ISDA Definitions are applicable:  
(A) 
“Benchmark Event” shall be disapplied; and 
(B) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified Floating 
Rate Option is specified to be “Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – 
Alternative Rate” in the Floating Rate Matrix of the ISDA Definitions, the 
reference to “Calculation Agent Alternative Rate Determination” in the definition 
of “Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Alternative Rate” shall be replaced 
by “Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Previous Day’s Rate”,  
provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, if such calculation results in a negative amount, such 
amount shall be deemed to be zero.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
(e) 
Linear Interpolation: Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an 
Interest Period in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates 
based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA 
Determination is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms), one of which shall be 
determined as if the Applicable Maturity (as defined below) were the period of time for which 
rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of 
which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates 
are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, provided however that 
if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, 
then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such 
sources as the Issuer determines to be appropriate.  
For the purposes of this Condition 7(e), “Applicable Maturity” means: (i) in relation to Screen 
Rate Determination, the period of time designated in the Reference Rate, and (ii) in relation to 
ISDA Determination, the Designated Maturity. 
(f) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be 
greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(g) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time 
at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate 
the Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The Interest 
Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the 
Calculation Amount during such Interest Period, multiplying the product by the relevant Day 
Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub unit of the Specified Currency 
(half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal 
to the Specified Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this 
purpose a “sub-unit” means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of 
such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case 
of euro, means one cent.  
(h) 
Calculation of other amounts: If the relevant Final Terms specify that any other amount is to be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the 
time or times at which any such amount is to be determined, calculate the relevant amount. The 
relevant amount will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in the manner specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(i) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) 
required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the 
Paying Agents and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) 
by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as 
practicable after such determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount 
and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. The Calculation Agent 
will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) 
without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the 
Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination, the Calculation Agent 
shall not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified 
Denomination. 
(j) 
Notifications, etc.: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 
by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability 
to any such person will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-
exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
8. 
Benchmark Replacement 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 8 applies to the Floating Rate Note Provisions and to the Fixed Rate 
Resetting Provisions upon occurrence of a Benchmark Event in relation to an Original 
Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate.  
(b) 
Appointment of independent adviser: The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint 
as soon as reasonably practicable, at the Issuer's own expense, an Independent Reference 
Rate Adviser to determine as soon as reasonably practicable a Successor Rate, failing which 
an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 8(d) (Successor or Alternative Rate)) and, in 
either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 8(e) (Adjustment 
Spread)), and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 8(f) (Benchmark 
Amendments)). An Independent Reference Rate Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 8 
shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert and in 
consultation with the Issuer. In the absence of bad faith, wilful default, gross negligence or 
fraud, the Independent Reference Rate Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, 
the Fiscal Agent, the other Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders for any determination made by it or for any advice given to the Issuer in 
connection with any determination made by the Issuer, pursuant to this Condition 8.  
(c) 
Failure to appoint: If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Reference Rate Adviser or 
the Independent Reference Rate Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate 
or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 8 prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be, the Issuer 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may determine a Successor 
Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate, provided however that, if the Issuer is unable or 
unwilling to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance 
with this Condition 8(c) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date or, as the case may be, 
Reset Determination Date: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Interest Period 
immediately following such Interest Determination Date shall be the Rate of Interest that 
is applicable to the immediately preceding Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes to which the Fixed Rate Resetting Provisions apply, the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the Interest Period immediately following such Reset 
Determination Date shall be the Rate of Interest that is applicable to the Interest Period 
immediately preceding such Reset Date.  
For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 8(c) shall apply to the relevant Interest Period only 
and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to 
adjustment as provided in, this Condition 8.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
(d) 
Successor or Alternative Rate: If the Independent Reference Rate Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable), acting in a commercially reasonable manner and in good faith, determines that:  
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate; or  
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate,  
then such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) shall subsequently be used 
in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest for the immediately 
following Interest Period (or the relevant component part thereof) and for all future payments of 
interest on the Notes, subject to any adjustment under Condition 8(e) (Adjustment Spread) and 
any subsequent operation of this Condition 8 in the event of a further Benchmark Event 
affecting the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate. 
(e) 
Adjustment Spread: If the Independent Reference Rate Adviser or (in the circumstances set out 
in Condition 8(c) (Failure to appoint) only) the Issuer, in each case acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner and in good faith, determines in its discretion:  
(i) 
that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be); and  
(ii) 
the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread,  
then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a 
relevant component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as 
applicable). 
(f) 
Benchmark Amendments: If any relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment 
Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 8 and the Independent Reference Rate 
Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable), acting in a commercially reasonable manner and in good 
faith, determines in its discretion:  
(i) 
that amendments to these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary and 
appropriate either (A) to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread and/or (B) to comply with any applicable 
regulation or guidelines on the use of benchmarks or other related document issued by 
the competent regulatory body (such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”); 
and  
(ii) 
the terms of the Benchmark Amendments,  
then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 8(g) 
(Notification) but without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary 
these Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date 
specified in such notice (and, for the avoidance of doubt, the Fiscal Agent shall, at the direction 
and expense of the Issuer, consent to and effect such consequential amendments to the 
Agency Agreement required in order to give effect to this Condition 8).  
(g) 
Notification: Notice of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread and the 
specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 8 will be given 
promptly by the Issuer to the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent and, in accordance with 
Condition 20 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
effective date of any such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread or Benchmark 
Amendment, each of which will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in their

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
determination) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent and the 
Noteholders. 
(h) 
Disqualification exclusion: Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 8, no 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread will be adopted, nor will any other 
amendment to these Conditions be made to effect any Benchmark Amendments, if and for so 
long as, in the determination of the Issuer (acting in a commercially reasonable manner and in 
good faith), the same would be likely: 
(i) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, to prejudice the qualification of the Notes as Tier II 
Capital;  
(ii) 
in the case of Senior Notes, to result in (A) the exclusion of the Notes from the eligible 
liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements or (B) the Regulatory Authority 
and/or the Resolution Authority treating the relevant Interest Payment Date or Reset 
Date, as the case may be, as the effective maturity date of the Notes in place of the 
Maturity Date, 
in which case, (x) the Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes applicable to the next succeeding 
Interest Period shall be the Rate of Interest that is applicable to the immediately preceding 
Interest Period or (y) in the case of Fixed Rate Notes to which the Fixed Rate Resetting 
Provisions apply, the Rate of Interest applicable from each Reset Date shall be the Rate of 
Interest that is applicable to the Interest Period immediately preceding such Reset Date. 
(i) 
Survival: Without prejudice to the Issuer’s obligations under Conditions 8(b) (Appointment of 
independent adviser) to (f) (Benchmark Amendments), the Original Reference Rate and, where 
originally applicable, the fallback provisions under Condition 7(c) (Screen Rate Determination) 
or 6(e) (Resetting of interest) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has 
occurred. 
(j) 
Paying Agents and Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall notify the Calculation Agent and each 
Paying Agent of (i) the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, (ii) any Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate, (iii) any Benchmark Amendments, (iv) any Adjustment Spread and (v) any other changes 
to the interest calculation provisions, in each case at least ten business days prior to the first 
applicable Interest Determination Date. The Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents are not 
obliged to concur with the Issuer in respect of any conforming changes or amendments 
required as a result of any action taken pursuant to this Condition 8 (Benchmark Replacement) 
which, in the sole opinion of the Calculation Agent and/or the Paying Agents, would impose 
more onerous obligations upon them or expose them to any additional duties, responsibilities or 
liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to them in the Agency 
Agreement. 
9. 
Fixed to Floating Rate or Floating to Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 9 (Fixed to Floating Rate or Floating to Fixed Rate Note Provisions) 
is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed to Floating Rate Note Provisions or the Floating to 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Fixed to Floating Rate Note Provisions: If the Fixed to Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, then: 
(i) 
the Fixed Rate Note Provisions shall apply to the Notes initially upon issue and in 
respect of the Fixed Rate Interest Period(s); and

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
(ii) 
the Floating Rate Note Provisions shall apply in respect of the Floating Rate Interest 
Period(s).  
(c) 
Floating to Fixed Rate Note Provisions: If the Floating to Fixed Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, then:  
(i) 
the Floating Rate Note Provisions shall apply to the Notes initially upon issue and in 
respect of the Floating Rate Interest Period(s); and  
(ii) 
the Fixed Rate Note Provisions shall apply in respect of the Fixed Rate Interest 
Period(s).  
(d) 
Scheduled switch: If the Final Terms do not specify that the Switch Option is applicable, then 
the switching of interest pursuant to this Condition 9 shall take effect on each Switch Date 
without any requirement to give notice or other formality (but without prejudice, if applicable, to 
Condition 7(i) (Publication)). 
(e) 
Switching at the option of the Issuer: If the Final Terms specify that the Switch Option is 
applicable, then:  
(i) 
the Issuer may, on one or more occasions, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
give notice to the Noteholders during the Switch Option Exercise Period of the 
switching of interest provisions applicable to the Notes from the Fixed Rate Noted 
Provisions to the Floating Rate Note Provisions or vice versa; 
(ii) 
provided that notice is given to Noteholders during the Switch Option Exercise Period, 
such notice will be irrevocable and binding on both the Issuer and the Noteholders and 
will take effect: 
(A) 
where only one Switch Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms, from (and 
including) the Switch Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date; or 
(B) 
where more than one Switch Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms, from 
(and including) the relevant Switch Date to (but excluding) the next following 
Switch Date; and 
(iii) 
if, in relation to a date specified in the Final Terms as a Switch Date, the Switch Option 
is not exercised in accordance with this Condition 9(e), then the interest provisions 
applicable prior to such date shall continue to apply.  
10. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 10 (Zero Coupon Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if 
the Zero Coupon Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any 
Zero Coupon Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter 
be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue 
Date to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in 
respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant 
Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such 
seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
11. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes 
will be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in 
Conditions 11(h) (Conditions for redemption and purchase of Notes) and 12 (Payments). 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: Subject to Condition 11(h) (Conditions for redemption and 
purchase of Notes),  the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in 
part, on the Early Redemption Date on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to 
the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), 
together with interest accrued (if any) to the Early Redemption Date, if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred 
to in Condition 13 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of 
such laws or regulations (including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), which 
change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of the Notes; and 
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available 
to it; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes but only if the Early Redemption Date falls before 
five years from the Issue Date, the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the 
Regulatory Authority that such change is material and was not reasonably foreseeable 
at the Issue Date, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(A) 
where the Early Redemption Date may fall at any time, 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment 
in respect of the Notes were then due; or 
(B) 
where the Early Redemption Date may only fall on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days 
prior to the Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date on 
which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in 
respect of the Notes were then due.  
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall 
deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Fiscal Agent (1) a certificate signed by a duly 
authorised legal representative of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the 
right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (2) an opinion of independent legal advisers 
of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such 
additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. Upon the expiry of any such 
notice as is referred to in this Condition 11(b), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes in 
accordance with this Condition 11(b). 
(c) 
Redemption for regulatory reasons: If Regulatory Call is specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, upon occurrence of a Regulatory Event, the Notes may, subject to 
Condition 11(h) (Conditions for redemption and purchase of Notes), be redeemed at the option

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
of the Issuer, in whole but not in part, on the Early Redemption Date on giving Noteholders not 
less than the minimum nor more than the maximum number of days’ notice specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (which notice shall be irrevocable). Prior to the publication of any notice of 
redemption pursuant to this Condition 11(c), the relevant Issuer shall deliver or procure that 
there is delivered to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the 
Issuer stating that a Regulatory Event has occurred and describing the facts giving rise to such 
circumstances, and such certificate shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders. Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 11(c), the 
Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 11(c), at the Early 
Redemption Amount (Regulatory Event) described in the relevant Final Terms, together (if 
applicable) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Early Redemption Date.  
(d) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, the Notes may (subject to Condition 11(h) (Conditions for redemption and 
purchase of Notes)) be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer’s giving not less than the minimum nor more than the 
maximum number of days’ notice to the Noteholders specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the 
case may be, the Notes specified in such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption Date 
(Call) at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) to such date). 
(e) 
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with 
Condition 11(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the Notes to be redeemed shall be 
selected by the drawing of lots in such place as the Fiscal Agent approves and in such manner 
as the Fiscal Agent considers appropriate, subject to compliance with applicable law and the 
rules of each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which 
the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation, and the notice to 
Noteholders referred to in Condition 11(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) shall specify 
the serial numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed. If any Maximum Redemption Amount or 
Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the 
minimum so specified. 
(f) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: This Condition 11(f) (Redemption at the option of 
Noteholders) is not applicable to Subordinated Notes. If the Put Option is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, but subject to Condition 11(h) (Conditions for 
redemption and purchase of Notes), the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any Note, 
redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option 
Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued 
to such date. In order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 11(f) (Redemption at 
the option of Noteholders), the Noteholder must, not less than the minimum nor more than the 
maximum number of days specified in the relevant Final Terms before the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Put), deposit with any Paying Agent such Note together with all unmatured 
Coupons relating thereto and a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from 
any Paying Agent. The Paying Agent with which a Note is so deposited shall deliver a duly 
completed Put Option Receipt to the depositing Noteholder. No Note, once deposited with a 
duly completed Put Option Notice in accordance with this Condition 11(f) (Redemption at the 
option of Noteholders), may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date (Put), any such Note becomes immediately due and payable or, 
upon due presentation of any such Note on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put),

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the relevant Paying 
Agent shall mail notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as may have 
been given by such Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note at its 
Specified Office for collection by the depositing Noteholder against surrender of the relevant 
Put Option Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Note is held by a Paying Agent in 
accordance with this Condition 11(f) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders), the depositor of 
such Note and not such Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the holder of such Note for all 
purposes. 
(g) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as 
provided in Conditions 11(a) (Scheduled redemption) to (f) (Redemption at the option of 
Noteholders) above. 
(h) 
Conditions for redemption and purchase of Notes: Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of 
this Condition 11: 
(i) 
Subordinated Notes shall have a Maturity Date and, if applicable, an Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) falling not less than five years after the Issue Date;  
(ii) 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall not have a Maturity Date or, if applicable, an Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) or an Optional Redemption Date (Put) falling less than 12 
months after the Issue Date;  
(iii) 
redemption of any Series of Notes prior to the Maturity Date at the option of the Issuer 
pursuant to Conditions 11(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), 11(c) (Redemption for 
regulatory reasons), 11(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) (whether in whole or 
in part) or 11(f) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders) or any purchase of Notes 
pursuant to Condition 11(j) (Purchase) shall always be subject to the following 
conditions, together with any additional or alternative conditions or requirements as may 
be applicable from time to time under the Capital Adequacy Regulations: 
(A) 
in the case of Senior Notes, compliance by the Issuer with any conditions to 
such redemption or repurchase prescribed by the MREL Requirements at the 
relevant time (including any requirements applicable to such redemption or 
repurchase due to the qualification of such Senior Notes at such time as 
eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements);  
(B) 
in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, compliance by the Issuer with 
any conditions to such redemption or repurchase prescribed by Article 12-bis 
and Article 91, paragraph 1-bis, sub-paragraph c-bis of the TUB; and 
(C) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, (1) the prior approval of the Regulatory 
Authority and (2) compliance by the Issuer with any alternative or additional 
pre-conditions to redemption or purchase, as applicable, set out in the relevant 
Capital Adequacy Regulations for the time being. 
(i) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: The Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a 
Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and 
payable.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the 
calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such 
Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 
11(i) (Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes) or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction 
of 30E/360. 
(j) 
Purchase: Subject to Condition 11(h) (Conditions for redemption and purchase of Notes), the 
Issuer may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise and at any price, 
provided that all unmatured Coupons are purchased therewith. 
(k) 
Cancellation: Except as required otherwise by law, all Notes so redeemed or purchased by the 
Issuer and any unmatured Coupons attached to or surrendered with them shall be cancelled 
and may not be reissued or resold. 
12. 
Payments 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that 
payment is made in full) surrender of Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside 
the United States by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on, or by 
transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a 
bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a town 
clearing branch of a bank in the City of London). 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to Condition 12(h) (Payments other than in respect 
of matured Coupons), be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is made 
in full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States in the manner described in Condition 12(a) (Principal). 
(c) 
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified 
Office of a Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside 
the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make 
payment of the full amount of the interest on the Notes in the currency in which the payment is 
due when due, (ii) payment of the full amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying 
Agents is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions and 
(iii) payment is permitted by applicable United States law. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to: 
(i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 13 (Taxation); and (ii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 or otherwise imposed pursuant to sections 1471 to 1474 of that Code, any 
regulations or arrangements thereunder, official interpretation thereof or any law implementing 
an inter-governmental approach thereto. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the 
Noteholders or Couponholders for any payments in respect of the Notes. 
(e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specify that the Fixed Rate 
Note Provisions are applicable and a Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons relating 
thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of 
principal due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing 
Coupons will be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, 
however, that if the gross amount available for payment is less than the amount of

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate 
amount of such missing Coupons which the gross amount actually available for 
payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal 
due for payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of 
maturity) as will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such 
missing Coupons (the “Relevant Coupons”) being equal to the amount of 
principal due for payment; provided, however, that where this sub-paragraph 
would otherwise require a fraction of a missing Coupon to become void, such 
missing Coupon shall become void in its entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the 
amount of principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of 
principal due for payment; provided, however, that, if the gross amount 
available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the 
sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of the Relevant 
Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount of principal due for payment) 
which the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of 
principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in Condition 12(a) 
(Principal) against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the 
relevant missing Coupons. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If and to the extent that the relevant Final Terms specify that the 
Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date for final redemption of any Note 
or early redemption in whole of such Note pursuant to Condition 11(b) (Redemption for tax 
reasons), Condition 11(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons), Condition 11(d) (Redemption at 
the option of the Issuer), Condition 11(f) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders) or Condition 
14(b) (Events of default), all unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still attached) 
shall become void and no payment will be made in respect thereof. 
(g) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note 
or Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the holder shall not be 
entitled to payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment 
Business Day in such place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in 
respect of any such delay. 
(h) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in respect 
of matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Notes at the 
Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if permitted 
by Condition 12(c) (Payments in New York City). 
(i) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Note or Coupon 
presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating the 
amount and date of such payment. 
(j) 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the 
time of issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Notes, the Talon forming part of such 
Coupon Sheet may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, or at the 
Specified Office of any Paying Agent in Luxembourg, for a further Coupon Sheet (including, if

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have already 
become void pursuant to Condition 15 (Prescription). Upon the due date for redemption of any 
Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon will be 
delivered in respect of such Talon. 
13. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or 
on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for 
or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by, within or on behalf of Italy 
or any political subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, 
unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such 
additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Noteholders and the Couponholders after 
such withholding or deduction of such amounts of principal, in the case of Senior Notes (to the 
extent permitted by MREL Requirements) and interest, in the case of any Notes, as would have 
been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no 
such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon presented for 
payment: 
(i) 
in Italy; or 
(ii) 
by or on behalf of a Noteholder or Couponholder which is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of 
its having some connection with Italy other than the mere holding of the Note or 
Coupon; or 
(iii) 
by or on behalf of a Noteholder or Couponholder who is able to avoid such withholding 
or deduction by making a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for 
exemption but fails to do so; or 
(iv) 
by or on behalf of a Noteholder or Couponholder who is able to avoid such withholding 
or deduction by presenting the relevant Note or Coupon to another Paying Agent in a 
Member State of the European Union; or 
(v) 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder of such 
Note or Coupon would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting 
such Note or Coupon for payment on the last day of such period of 30 days; or 
(vi) 
with respect to any payment or deduction on any interest, principal or other proceeds on 
account of imposta sostitutiva (at the then applicable rate of tax) pursuant to Decree 
No. 239 with respect to any Note or Coupon and including in all circumstances in which 
the requirements and procedures set forth in Decree No. 239 and the related 
regulations of implementation have not been met or complied in due time, except where 
such procedures have not been met or complied with within due time due to the actions 
or omissions of the Issuer or its agents; or 
(vii) 
in the event of payment to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident 
individual, to the extent that interest or other amounts are paid to a non-Italian resident 
legal entity or a non-Italian resident individual which is resident in a country which does 
not allow for a satisfactory exchange of information with the Republic of Italy; or 
(viii) 
in respect of Notes that are classified as atypical securities where such withholding or 
deduction is required pursuant to Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, as 
amended, supplemented and/or re-enacted from time to time.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other 
than Italy, references in these Conditions to Italy shall be construed as references to Italy 
and/or such other taxing jurisdiction to which the Issuer may be subject at such time. 
(c) 
FATCA: For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer will have no obligation to pay additional 
amounts in respect of the Notes for any amounts required to be withheld or deducted pursuant 
to sections 1471 to 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 if withholding is imposed 
under those rules as a result of the failure by any person other than the Issuer or any of its 
agents to establish that they are able to receive payments free of such withholding. 
14. 
Events of Default and Remedies 
(a) 
Enforcement: Without prejudice to Condition 14(b) (Events of default), any holder of Notes may 
institute proceedings to enforce any obligation, condition or provision binding on the Issuer 
under such Notes provided that the Issuer shall not by virtue of any such proceedings, other 
than proceedings for the dissolution, liquidation or winding-up of the Issuer or any proceedings 
which under the laws of Italy have an analogous effect to any of the foregoing, be obliged to 
pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it. 
(b) 
Events of default: If any of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Winding up, etc.: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding 
up, liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer (including liquidazione coatta amministrativa); 
or 
(ii) 
Analogous event: any event occurs which under the laws of Italy has an analogous 
effect to any of the events referred to in paragraph (i) above, 
then any Note may, by written notice addressed by the holder thereof to the Issuer and 
delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, be declared immediately 
due and payable, whereupon it shall become immediately due and payable at its Early 
Termination Amount together with accrued interest without further action or formality. 
(c) 
No other remedy: Subject to applicable laws, no remedy against the Issuer (including the 
exercise of any right of set-off or any analogous event) other than as specifically provided 
under this Condition 14 shall be available to holders of any of the Notes whether for the 
recovery of amounts owing in respect of the Notes or in respect of any breach by the Issuer of 
any of its obligations in relation to the Notes or otherwise. 
15. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal shall become void unless the relevant Notes are presented for payment 
within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest shall become void unless 
the relevant Coupons are presented for payment within five years of the appropriate Relevant 
Date. 
16. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the 
Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires 
the appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent having its 
Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and competent authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred 
in connection with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes or Coupons must 
be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
17. 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the 
Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or 
relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The initial Paying Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial 
Calculation Agent (if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves the right 
at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and to appoint a 
successor fiscal agent or Calculation Agent and additional or successor paying agents; 
provided, however, that: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent; and 
(b) 
the Issuer will ensure that it maintains a Paying Agent outside of Italy;  
(c) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all 
times maintain a Calculation Agent; 
(d) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the Issuer shall maintain a 
Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system; and 
(e) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within continental Europe, other 
than the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated. 
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be 
given to the Noteholders. 
18. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification; Variation or Substitution 
(f) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening 
meetings of Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the modification of 
any provision of these Conditions. Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by an 
Extraordinary Resolution. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be 
convened by it upon the request in writing of Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth of the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes. The quorum at any meeting convened to 
vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be one or more persons holding or representing one 
more than half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes or, at any adjourned 
meeting, one or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the principal 
amount of the Notes held or represented; provided, however, that Reserved Matters may only 
be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which one 
or more persons holding or representing not less than three-quarters or, at any adjourned 
meeting, one quarter of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes form a 
quorum. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all 
the Noteholders and Couponholders, whether present or not. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the time 
being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as if it were an 
Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or 
several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
(g) 
Modification: The Notes, these Conditions and the Deed of Covenant may be 
amended without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct a manifest 
error. In addition, the parties to the Agency Agreement may agree to modify any provision 
thereof, but the Issuer shall not agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to any such 
modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, it is made to correct a manifest 
error or it is, in the opinion of such parties, not materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders. 
(h) 
Variation or substitution: If Variation or Substitution is specified as being applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may at any time either substitute all (but not some only) of 
the  Notes, or vary the terms of the Notes: 
(i) 
in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 24 (Contractual 
Recognition of Bail-in Powers); or  
(ii) 
in the case of Senior Notes only, upon occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event,  
so that the Notes remain or, as appropriate, become Qualifying Notes, as applicable, subject to 
(A) giving any notice required to be given to, and receiving any consent required from, the 
Regulatory Authority and (B) giving not less than the minimum nor more than the maximum 
number of days' notice to Noteholders specified in the relevant Final Terms (but, otherwise, 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the Notes), and provided 
that such variation or substitution does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem 
the varied or substituted securities. 
“Qualifying Notes” means securities issued by the Issuer which, with respect to the Notes to 
be varied or substituted pursuant to this Condition 18(c) (the “existing Notes”):  
(i) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 24 (Contractual 
Recognition of Bail-in Powers), have terms not materially less favourable to a holder of 
the existing Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the terms of the 
existing Notes, and they shall also: 
(A) 
either (1) in the case of Senior Notes, contain terms which at such time result in 
such securities being eligible to count towards fulfilment of the Issuer's (as 
applicable) minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities under 
the then applicable MREL Requirements or (2) in the case of Subordinated 
Notes, comply with the then current requirements of the Capital Adequacy 
Regulations in relation to Tier II Capital;  
(B) 
have a ranking at least equal to that of the existing Notes;  
(C) 
have at least the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as 
those from time to time applying to the existing Notes;  
(D) 
have the same redemption rights as the existing Notes; and  
(E) 
are assigned (or maintain) the same credit ratings as were assigned to the 
existing Notes immediately prior to such variation or substitution, unless any 
downgrade is attributable solely to the effectiveness and enforceability of 
Condition 24 (Contractual Recognition of Bail-in Powers);  
(ii) 
continue to constitute legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligations of the Issuer, as 
confirmed by opinions addressed to the Issuer from legal advisers of recognised 
standing as to matters of English and Italian law, in each case in a form consistent with 
the standards of Eurobond transactions, confirming that (A) the Notes and any other

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
documents executed by the Issuer to give effect to the substitution or variation of the 
existing Notes represent legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligations of the Issuer 
and (B) all actions, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done to 
ensure that such is the case (including any necessary approvals, consents, filings 
and/or registrations) have been taken, fulfilled and done, such opinions to be made 
available to Noteholders at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent; and 
(iii) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the existing Notes were listed immediately 
prior to such variation or substitution.  
(i) 
Modification of Senior Non-Preferred Notes: Notwithstanding the foregoing, the 
modification of any Senior Non-Preferred Notes may only be sanctioned to the extent permitted 
under Article 12-bis, paragraph 3 of the TUB.  
19. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders, create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the 
Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the Issue Price, the Issue Date, the Interest 
Commencement Date and/or the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the 
Notes. 
20. 
Notices 
Notices to the Noteholders shall be valid if published in a leading English language daily 
newspaper published in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) and, if the Notes 
are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and it is a requirement of 
applicable law or regulations, a leading newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg 
(which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or in either case, if such publication is not practicable, in a leading 
English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall 
be deemed to have been given on the date of first publication (or if required to be published in 
more than one newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have been made in all 
the required newspapers). Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of 
the contents of any notice given to the Noteholders. 
21. 
Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or judgment 
given or made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the “first currency”) in 
which the same is payable under these Conditions or such order or judgment into another 
currency (the “second currency”) for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof 
against the Issuer, (b) obtaining an order or judgment in any court or other tribunal or 
(c) enforcing any order or judgment given or made in relation to the Notes, the Issuer shall 
indemnify each Noteholder, on the written demand of such Noteholder addressed to the Issuer 
and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, against any loss 
suffered as a result of any discrepancy between (i) the rate of exchange used for such purpose 
to convert the sum in question from the first currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate 
or rates of exchange at which such Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business 
purchase the first currency with the second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in 
satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give 
rise to a separate and independent cause of action.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
22. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified 
in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such 
calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point (with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United 
States dollar amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest 
cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting 
from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen 
amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such 
calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 
being rounded upwards. 
23. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the Notes, arising from or connected with the Notes are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, English law, except for Conditions 4(b) (Status of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes), 4(c) (Status of Subordinated Notes) and 24 (Contractual Recognition of Bail-
in Powers), and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with such 
Conditions, which are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
(b) 
English courts: The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a 
“Dispute”) arising out of or in connection with the Notes (including a dispute relating to the 
existence, validity or termination of the Notes or any non-contractual obligation arising out of or 
in connection with the Notes) or the consequences of their nullity. 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: The Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate and 
convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary. 
(d) 
Process agent: The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any proceedings relating to a 
Dispute (“Proceedings”) and any other documents required to be served in relation to those 
Proceedings may be served on it by being delivered to London Central Services Limited at 4 
Old Park Lane, London W1K 1QW or, if different, its registered office for the time being or at 
any address of the Issuer in Great Britain at which process may be served on it in accordance 
with the procedures set out in the Companies Act 2006. Nothing in this paragraph shall affect 
the right of any Noteholder to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
24. 
Contractual Recognition of Bail-in Powers 
(a) 
Acknowledgment and agreement: Notwithstanding any provision of these Conditions or any 
other agreements, arrangements, or understandings between the Issuer and any Noteholders 
and without prejudice to Article 55(1) of the BRRD, by the acquisition of the Notes (whether on 
issuance or in the secondary market), each Noteholder (which, for the purposes of this 
Condition 24, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes) is deemed to have 
acknowledged, accepted the existence of, agreed to be bound by and consented to: 
(i) 
the effects of the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority, which 
exercise may include and result in, without limitation, any of the following, or some 
combination thereof: (A) the write-down or cancellation of all, or a portion of, the 
principal amount of the Notes together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon 
and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto and/or (B) the conversion of 
all, or a portion of, the principal amount of the Notes together with any accrued but 
unpaid interest due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto,

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
into ordinary shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person 
(and the issue to or conferral on the holder of such shares, securities or obligations), 
including by means of an amendment, modification or variation to these Conditions 
and/or (C) the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of 
the amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest become 
payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and  
(ii) 
the variation of these Conditions, as deemed necessary by the Resolution Authority, to 
give effect to the exercise by the Resolution Authority of such Bail-in Power.  
Each Noteholder further agrees that the rights of the Noteholders are subject to, and will be 
varied if necessary so as to give effect to, the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Resolution 
Authority. 
(b) 
Notification: Upon the Issuer being informed or notified by the Resolution Authority of the actual 
exercise of the Bail-in Power or of the date from which the Bail-in Power is effective with 
respect to the Notes, the Issuer shall notify the Noteholders without delay. Any delay or failure 
by the Issuer to give notice shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the Bail-in Power 
nor the effects on the Notes described in this Condition 24. 
(c) 
No event of default: The exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority with respect 
to the Notes shall not constitute an event of default under Condition 14(b) (Events of default) 
and these Conditions shall continue to apply in relation to the outstanding principal amount of, 
or outstanding amount payable with respect to, the Notes subject to any modification of the 
amount of interest payments or distributions payable to reflect the reduction of the outstanding 
principal amount, and any further modification of the terms that the Resolution Authority may 
decide in accordance with applicable laws and regulations relating to the resolution of credit 
institutions, investment firms and/or group entities incorporated in the relevant Member State. 
(d) 
Exclusion of other provisions: Each Noteholder is also deemed to have acknowledged and 
agreed that this provision is exhaustive on the matters described herein to the exclusion of any 
other agreements, arrangements or understandings relating to the application of any Bail-in 
Power to the Notes.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ITALIAN LAW NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, together with the relevant Final Terms, will 
be endorsed on each Italian Law Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. The terms and 
conditions applicable to any Italian Law Notes in global form will differ from those which would apply 
to those Notes were they in definitive form to the extent described under “Overview of Provisions 
relating to the Notes while in Global Form” below. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme: Mediocredito Trentino-Alto Adige S.p.A. (the “Issuer”) has established a Euro 
Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) for the issuance of up to €1,000,000,000 in 
aggregate principal amount of notes (the “Notes”), which may be governed either by English 
law (the “English Law Notes”) or by Italian law (the “Italian Law Notes”). These terms and 
conditions (the “Conditions”) apply to Italian Law Notes only. 
(b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a “Series”) and 
each Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a “Tranche”) of Notes. Each Tranche is 
the subject of final terms (the “Final Terms”) which will specify whether the Notes are English 
Law Notes or Italian Law Notes. The terms and conditions applicable to any Tranche of Italian 
Law Notes are these Conditions, together with the relevant Final Terms. In the event of any 
inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms 
shall prevail. 
(c) 
Agency Agreement: The Notes are the subject of an issue and paying agency agreement 
relating to Italian Law Notes dated 19 July 2022 (as amended or supplemented from time to 
time, the “Agency Agreement”) between the Issuer, The Bank of New York Mellon, as fiscal 
agent (the “Fiscal Agent", which expression includes any successor fiscal agent appointed 
from time to time in connection with the Notes) and the other paying agents named therein 
(together with the Fiscal Agent, the “Paying Agents", which expression includes any successor 
or additional paying agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes). 
(d) 
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to “Notes” are to the Italian Law 
Notes which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are 
available for inspection by Noteholders during normal business hours at the Specified Office of 
the Fiscal Agent, the initial Specified Office of which is set out below. 
(e) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement 
and are subject to its detailed provisions. The holders of the Notes (the “Noteholders”) and the 
holders of the related interest coupons, if any (the “Couponholders” and the “Coupons", 
respectively), are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement applicable to them. Copies of the Agency Agreement are available for inspection by 
Noteholders during normal business hours at the Specified Offices of each of the Paying 
Agents, the initial Specified Offices of which are set out below. 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
“Accrual Yield” means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Additional Business Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
“Additional Financial Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms;

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
“Additional Tier 1 Capital” has the meaning given to such term (or any other equivalent term) 
in the Capital Adequacy Regulations; 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative) or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, which in either case is to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and which:  
(i) 
(in the case of a Successor Rate) is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any 
Benchmark Nominating Body; or  
(ii) 
(if no such recommendation has been made or in the case of an Alternative Rate) the 
Independent Reference Rate Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable), acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner and in good faith, determines is customarily applied to 
the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international 
debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for 
the Original Reference Rate; or 
(iii) 
(if Independent Reference Rate Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that no 
such spread, formula or methodology is customarily applied) the Independent 
Reference Rate Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable), acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner and in good faith, determines is recognised or acknowledged as 
being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference 
the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or  
(iv) 
(if the Independent Reference Rate Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable), acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner and in good faith determines that no such industry 
standard is recognised or acknowledged) the Independent Reference Rate Adviser or 
the Issuer (as applicable) determines to be appropriate to reduce or eliminate, to the 
extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit 
(as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be);  
“Alternative Rate” means: 
(i) 
an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Reference Rate Adviser 
or the Issuer (as applicable), acting in a commercially reasonable manner and in good 
faith, determines in accordance with Condition 8(d) (Successor or Alternative Rate) is in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of 
determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the same 
Specified Currency as the Notes and with a comparable duration to the relevant Interest 
Periods; or 
(ii) 
if the Independent Reference Rate Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that 
there is no such rate, such other rate as such Independent Reference Rate Adviser or 
the Issuer (as applicable) determines in its discretion (acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner and in good faith) is most comparable to the Original Reference 
Rate; 
“Bail-in Power” means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, or suspension power 
existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules 
or requirements in effect in the Republic of Italy, relating to (i) the transposition of the BRRD (in 
including, but not limited to, Legislative Decrees Nos. 180/2015 and 181/2015), as amended

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
from time to time, (ii) the SRM Regulation and (iii) the instruments, rules and standards created 
thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of certain credit institutions, investment firms 
and/or their respective affiliates can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, 
other securities, or other obligations of such regulated entity or any other person (or suspended 
for a temporary period); 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(f) (Benchmark 
Amendments); 
“Benchmark Event" means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing be published on the Relevant Screen Page as a 
result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or  
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has 
ceased or that it will, by a specified future date (the "Specified Future Date"), cease 
publication of the Original Reference Rate, either permanently or indefinitely, in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been, or will be, appointed that 
will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate; or  
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator, or by the administrator, of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate:  
(A) 
has been or will, by a Specified Future Date, be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or  
(B) 
will, by a Specified Future Date, be prohibited from being used or that its use 
will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or in 
respect of the Notes; or  
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator, or by the administrator, of the 
Original Reference Rate that, in the view of such supervisor or administrator, such 
Original Reference Rate is no longer representative of an underlying market; or  
(v) 
any event or circumstance whereby it has or will, by a specified date within the following 
six months, become unlawful for any Calculation Agent to calculate any payments due 
to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate (as applicable) 
(including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation, if applicable), 
provided that, in the case of paragraphs (ii) and (iii) above, where the Specified Future Date in 
the public statement is more than six months after the date of that public statement, the 
Benchmark Event shall not be deemed to occur until the date falling six months prior to such 
Specified Future Date; 
“Benchmark Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable):  
(i) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for the 
currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or  
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of: (A) the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar 
institution for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates; (B) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); (C) a 
group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities; or (D) the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof;  
"Benchmark Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and 
financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 
2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 (as amended, supplemented 
or superseded from time to time); 
“BRRD” means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 
2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms, as amended, supplemented or superseded from time to time, including 
pursuant to Directive (EU) 2019/879 and including any successor legislation; 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if 
any) Additional Business Centre; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, 
in the Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional 
Business Centre; 
“Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, means one or more of the 
conventions set out below and specified as being applicable to that date in the relevant Final 
Terms and, if so specified, may mean different conventions in relation to different dates and, in 
this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
“Following Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be 
postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day;  
(ii) 
“Modified Following Business Day Convention” or “Modified Business Day 
Convention” means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day 
that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case 
that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day;  
(iii) 
“Preceding Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be brought 
forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day;  
(iv) 
“FRN Convention", “Floating Rate Convention” or “Eurodollar Convention” means 
that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the 
preceding such date in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the 
preceding such date occurred provided, however, that:  
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in 
which any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is 
a Business Day in that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, 
then such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless 
that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first 
preceding day which is a Business Day; and

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which 
was a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which 
is a Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of 
months after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; 
and 
(v) 
“No Adjustment” means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention;  
“Calculation Agent” means the Fiscal Agent or such other person specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
“Calculation Amount” means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Capital Adequacy Regulations” means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect in the Republic of Italy 
including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, those regulations, requirements, 
guidelines, standards and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect of the Regulatory 
Authority (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and 
whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer);  
“Coupon Sheet” means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
“CRR” means Regulation No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 
June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as amended, 
supplemented or superseded from time to time, including pursuant to Regulation (EU) No. 
2019/876 and including any successor regulations; 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the “Calculation Period”), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or 
the relevant Final Terms and: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is so specified, means: 
(A) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period 
during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by the product of (a) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and 
(b) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(1) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of (a) the 
actual number of days in such Regular Period and (b) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and 
(2) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days 
in such Regular Period and (b) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365” or “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is so specified, means the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360", “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is so specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30;  
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:  
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where:  
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:  
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where:  
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 
will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day 
of the Calculation Period;  
“Decree No. 239” means Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 and related regulations of 
implementation, as amended, supplemented and/or re-enacted from time to time;  
“Designated Maturity” means the period or periods specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory Event)” means in respect of any Note, (i) its 
principal amount or (ii) such other amount expressed as an amount due in respect of each 
Calculation Amount represented by such Note, as may be specified in or determined in 
accordance with the relevant Final Terms; 
“Early Redemption Amount (Tax)” means, in respect of any Note, (i) its principal amount or (ii) 
such other amount expressed as an amount due in respect of each Calculation Amount 
represented by such Note, as may be specified in or determined in accordance with the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“Early Redemption Date” means the date specified in any notice to redeem the Notes given by 
the Issuer pursuant to Condition 11(b) (Redemption for tax reasons) or 11(c) (Redemption for 
regulatory reasons), subject to:

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
(i) 
the minimum and maximum periods of notice specified in Condition 11(b) (Redemption 
for tax reasons) or, in the case of redemption pursuant to Condition 11(c) (Redemption 
for regulatory reasons), the relevant Final Terms; and  
(ii) 
such date being an Interest Payment Date where interest accruing for the period to (but 
excluding) such date is required to be calculated either (i) in accordance with the 
Floating Rate Note Provisions for the whole of that period or (ii) initially in another 
manner but in accordance with the Floating Rate Note Provisions for the remainder of 
that period;  
“Early Termination Amount” means, in respect of any Note, (i) its principal amount or (ii) such 
other amount expressed as an amount due in respect of each Calculation Amount represented 
by such Note, as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“EURIBOR” means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest 
rate benchmark known as the Euro-zone interbank offered rate which is calculated and 
published by a designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the 
requirements from time to time of the European Money Markets Institute (or any other Person 
that takes over the administration of that rate), based on estimated interbank borrowing rates 
for a number of designated currencies and maturities which are provided, in respect of each 
such currency, by a panel of contributor banks;  
“Extraordinary Resolution” has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
“Final Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Note, (i) its principal amount if stated in 
the relevant Final Terms to be redeemable at par or (ii) such other amount expressed as an 
amount due in respect of each Calculation Amount represented by such Note, as may be 
specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms, subject in each case 
to any early redemption, repayment, purchase and/or cancellation;  
“First Interest Payment Date” means the date or dates specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Fixed Coupon Amount” means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Fixed Rate Interest Period(s)” means:  
(i) 
in the case of Fixed to Floating Rate Notes:  
(A) 
if the relevant Final Terms specify only one Switch Date, the period from, and 
including, the Interest Commencement Date to, but excluding, the Switch Date; 
or 
(B) 
if the relevant Final Terms specify more than one Switch Date: 
(1) 
the period from, and including, the Interest Commencement Date to, but 
excluding, the first Switch Date; and  
(2) 
each subsequent period (if any) from, and including, the next but one 
Switch Date to, but excluding, the next following Switch Date or (where 
applicable) the Maturity Date; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating to Fixed Rate Notes:  
(A) 
if the relevant Final Terms specify only one Switch Date, the period from, and 
including, the Switch Date to, but excluding, the Maturity Date; or

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
(B) 
if the relevant Final Terms specify more than one Switch Date: 
(3) 
the period from, and including, the first Switch Date to, but excluding, the 
second Switch Date; and 
(4) 
following the second Switch Date, each subsequent period (if any) from, 
and including, the next but one Switch Date to, but excluding, the next 
following Switch Date or (where applicable) the Maturity Date;  
“Fixed Rate Note Provisions” means the provisions contained in Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions); 
“Fixed Rate Resetting Provisions” means the provisions contained in Condition 
6(e) (Resetting of interest); 
“Floating Rate Interest Period(s)” means: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating to Fixed Rate Notes:  
(A) 
if the relevant Final Terms specify only one Switch Date, the period from, and 
including, the Interest Commencement Date to, but excluding, the Switch Date; 
or 
(B) 
if the relevant Final Terms specify more than one Switch Date: 
(1) 
the period from, and including, the Interest Commencement Date to, but 
excluding, the first Switch Date; and  
(2) 
each subsequent period (if any) from, and including, the next but one 
Switch Date to, but excluding, the next following Switch Date or (where 
applicable) the Maturity Date; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Fixed to Floating Rate Notes:  
(A) 
if the relevant Final Terms specify only one Switch Date, the period from, and 
including, the Switch Date to, but excluding, the Maturity Date; or 
(B) 
if the relevant Final Terms specify more than one Switch Date: 
(1) 
the period from, and including, the first Switch Date to, but excluding, the 
second Switch Date; and 
(2) 
following the second Switch Date, each subsequent period (if any) from, 
and including, the next but one Switch Date to, but excluding, the next 
following Switch Date or (where applicable) the Maturity Date;  
“Floating Rate Note Provisions” means the provisions contained in Condition 7 (Floating Rate 
Note Provisions); 
“Independent Reference Rate Adviser” means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise in the 
international capital markets appointed by the Issuer at its own expense under Condition 8(b) 
(Appointment of independent adviser); 
“Interest Amount” means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may 
be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
“Interest Determination Date” means the date or dates specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Interest Payment Date” means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates 
specified as such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final 
Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day 
Convention; or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may 
occur in accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest 
Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous 
Interest Payment Date (in any other case);  
“Interest Period” means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment 
Date; 
“ISDA” means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any of its 
successors);  
“ISDA Definitions” means:  
(i) 
unless the Final Terms specify that 2021 ISDA Definitions are applicable, the 2006 
ISDA Definitions, as amended and updated; or  
(ii) 
if the Final Terms specify that 2021 ISDA Definitions are applicable, the latest version 
of the ISDA 2021 Interest Rate Derivatives (including each Matrix, as defined therein, 
and any successor thereto),  
in each case, as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series and 
as published by ISDA and obtainable on its website (www.isda.org); 
 “Issue Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Margin” means the amount specified as such and expressed as a percentage in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
“Maturity Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, provided that 
such date does not fall: 
(i) 
in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, less than twelve months after the Issue 
Date; or  
(ii) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, less than five years after the Issue Date; 
“Maximum Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Note, an amount specified as such 
in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate” means, for any Reset Period, the mean of the bid and offered rates 
for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled 
interest payments are payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the 
day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified 
Currency, which transaction: 
(i) 
has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset 
Date; 
(ii) 
is in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at 
the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market; and 
(iii) 
has a floating leg based on the Reference Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (calculated 
on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency 
as determined by the Calculation Agent); 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation” means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate;  
“Mid-Swap Maturity” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
“Mid-Swap Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to the fallback 
provisions contained in paragraph (iii) of Condition 6(e) (Resetting of interest), either:  
(i) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the rate for swaps in 
the Specified Currency:  
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date,  
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(ii) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic mean 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap 
rate quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency:  
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the Principal Financial Centre on such Reset 
Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
“Minimum Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Note, an amount specified as such 
in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
a “MREL Disqualification Event” is deemed to have occurred in relation to a Series of Senior 
Notes if, at any time, all or part of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the relevant 
Series is or will be excluded, in whole or in part, from eligible liabilities available to meet the 
MREL Requirements, provided that the exclusion of any Notes of such Series from the liabilities 
that are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements for the following reasons does not constitute a 
MREL Disqualification Event:  
(i) 
the remaining maturity of such Series being less than any period prescribed thereunder;  
(ii) 
there being insufficient headroom for any Notes of that Series within a prescribed 
exception to the otherwise applicable general requirements for eligible liabilities; and

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
(iii) 
any Notes of that Series being purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or as a result of 
a purchase which is funded directly or indirectly by the Issuer; 
“MREL Requirements” means the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, 
standards, measures and policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds and eligible 
liabilities and/or loss-absorbing capacity instruments applicable to the Issuer from time to time, 
including (without limitation) any delegated or implementing acts (such as regulatory technical 
standards) adopted by the European Commission and any regulations, requirements, 
guidelines, rules, standards, measures and policies relating to minimum requirements for own 
funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity instruments adopted by the Republic 
of Italy or the Regulatory Authority, the Resolution Authority or the European Banking Authority 
from time to time (whether or not such requirements, guidelines, measures or policies are 
applied generally or specifically to the Issuer), in each case as amended, supplemented, 
superseded or replaced from time to time;  
“Optional Redemption Amount (Call)” means, in respect of any Note, (i) its principal amount 
or (ii) such other amount expressed as an amount due in respect of each Calculation Amount 
represented by such Notes that may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Put)” means, in respect of any Note, (i) its principal amount 
or (ii) such other amount expressed as an amount due in respect of each Calculation Amount 
represented by such Notes that may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the 
relevant Final Terms;  
“Optional Redemption Date (Call)” means the date or dates specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms, provided that such date does not fall: 
(i)  
in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, less than twelve months after the Issue 
Date; or  
(ii) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, less than five years after the Issue Date; 
“Optional Redemption Date (Put)” means the date or dates specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the 
Notes; 
“Participating Member State” means a Member State of the European Union which adopts the 
euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
“Payment Business Day” means: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day 
and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if 
any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is:

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in 
foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
“person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality; 
“Principal Financial Centre” means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre 
for that currency provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the 
European Union as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case 
of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in relation to 
New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland, in each case as is 
selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the 
Calculation Agent; 
“Prudential Regulations for Banks” means the Bank of Italy's Disposizioni di Vigilianza per le 
Banche, as set out in Bank of Italy Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013, as amended, 
supplemented and/or superseded from time to time, including any successor regulations; 
“Put Option Notice” means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any 
Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
“Put Option Receipt” means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder 
upon deposit of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to 
redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest 
payable in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or 
determined in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Redemption Amount” means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount (Regulatory Event), the Early Redemption Amount (Tax), the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the Early Termination 
Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in, or 
determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Banks” means the financial institutions specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms or, if not so specified:  
(i) 
for the purposes of Condition 6(e) (Resetting of interest), four major banks in the swap, 
money, securities or other market most closely connected with the relevant Mid-Swap 
Rate, as selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international 
repute;

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
(ii) 
for the purposes of Condition 7(c) (Screen rate determination), four major banks 
selected by the Calculation Agent in the market that is most closely connected with the 
Reference Rate;  
“Reference Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;  
“Reference Price” means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Rate” means, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, the deposit rate, the 
interbank rate, the swap rate or bond yield, as the case may be, which appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
“Regular Period” means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and 
including one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to 
be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular 
Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where “Regular Date” 
means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; 
and 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each 
period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next 
Regular Date, where “Regular Date” means the day and month (but not the year) on 
which any Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at 
the end of the irregular Interest Period; 
“Regulatory Authority” means the Bank of Italy or any other governmental authority in Italy (or 
other country in which the Issuer is then domiciled having supervisory powers over the Issuer) 
or any European Union or other supranational authority having responsibility for regulating the 
Issuer in its capacity as a financial and/or credit institution; 
“Regulatory Event” means: 
(i) 
in relation to any Senior Notes, a MREL Disqualification Event; or 
(ii) 
in relation to any Subordinated Notes, a Tier II Disqualification Event;  
“Relevant Date” means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on 
which the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not 
been received in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Fiscal Agent 
on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice 
to that effect has been given to the Noteholders; 
“Relevant Financial Centre” means the city or cities or other geographical area or areas 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Relevant Screen Page” means the page, section or other part of a particular information 
service (including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the 
relevant Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that 
information service or such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
the person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of 
displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
“Relevant Time” means the time specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reserved Matter” has the meaning given to it in the Agency Agreement and includes any 
proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes, to 
reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on any date in respect of the Notes, to alter 
the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes or the date for any 
such payment, to change the currency of any payment under the Notes or to change the 
quorum requirements relating to meetings or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary 
Resolution, provided that no modification of the Notes falling within the scope of Conditions 
8 (Benchmark Replacement) or 18(c) (Variation or substitution) shall be considered a Reserved 
Matter;  
“Reset Date” means the date or dates specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reset Determination Date" means, in respect of each Reset Period, the second Business 
Day prior to the Reset Date; 
"Reset Period" means each period from (and including) a Reset Date to (but excluding) the 
next following Reset Date or, if no such Reset Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Maturity Date;  
“Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any Reset Period, the rate of interest determined 
by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant 
Mid-Swap Rate and the relevant Margin;  
“Resolution Authority” means the Italian resolution authority, the Single Resolution Board 
(SRB) established pursuant to the SRM Regulation and/or any other authority entitled to 
exercise or participate in the exercise of any Resolution Power or Bail-in Power from time to 
time; 
“Resolution Power” means any statutory write-down, transfer and/or conversion power 
existing from time to time under any laws regulations, rules or requirements relating to the 
resolution of the Issuer or any other group entities (as defined in the BRRD), including but not 
limited to any laws, regulations, rules or requirements implementing the BRRD and/or the SRM 
Regulation; 
“Senior Non-Preferred Notes” means Notes specified as such in the relevant Final Terms and 
intended to qualify as strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello of the Issuer, as 
defined under and for the purposes of Article 12-bis and Article 91, paragraph 1-bis, sub-
paragraph c-bis of the TUB, as amended, supplemented and/or superseded from time to time, 
and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by any 
Regulatory Authority; 
“Senior Notes” means Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes; 
“Senior Preferred Notes” means Notes specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Specified Denomination(s)” means the denomination of the Specified Currency specified as 
such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Specified Office” has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement;

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
“Specified Period” means the period specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“SRM Regulation” means Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and 
Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of 
credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution 
Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010, as 
amended, supplemented or superseded from time to time, including pursuant to Regulation 
(EU) 2019/877) and including any successor regulations;  
“Subordinated Notes” means Notes specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, being Notes 
intended to qualify as Tier II Capital for regulatory capital purposes in accordance with Article 
63 of CRR and the Prudential Regulations for Banks;  
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which 
is formally recommended by any Benchmark Nominating Body; 
"Switch Date(s)" means: 
(i)  
where the Switch Option is not applicable, the date or dates that are specified as 
such in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(ii)  
where the Switch Option is applicable, the date or dates that are specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms and in respect of which the Issuer has given notice of 
exercise of the relevant Switch Option to Noteholders at a date on which it was 
entitled to do so pursuant to Condition 9(e) (Switching at the option of the Issuer) and 
in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices); 
“Switch Option” means, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the option of the 
Issuer, at its sole discretion, on one or more occasions and subject to the provisions of 
Condition 9(e) (Switching at the option of the Issuer) to change the interest provisions 
applicable to the Notes from the Fixed Rate Note Provisions to the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions or vice versa; 
“Switch Option Exercise Period(s)” means the period or periods specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms, which period shall in any event end not less than 15 days prior to the 
relevant Switch Date;  
“Talon” means a talon for further Coupons; 
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-
Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System is open; 
“Tier II Capital” has the meaning given to it by (i) the Regulatory Authority from time to time or 
(ii) any regulation, directive or other binding rules, standards or decisions adopted by the 
institutions of the European Union and in force from time to time, as applicable;  
a "Tier II Disqualification Event" is deemed to have occurred in relation to any Series of 
Subordinated Notes if:  
(i) 
there is a change in Capital Adequacy Regulations or any change in their official 
application or interpretation, in each case occurring after the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of such Series, as a result of which the relevant Subordinated Notes cease to 
qualify either in whole or in part as Tier II Capital of the Issuer; and 
(ii) 
where the Early Redemption Date falls before five years from the date of issue of the 
Notes, both of the following conditions are met:

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
(A) 
the Regulatory Authority considers such a change to be sufficiently certain; 
and 
(B) 
the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Regulatory Authority that the 
change in regulatory classification of the Notes was not reasonably 
foreseeable as at the Issue Date; 
“Treaty” means the Treaty on the functioning of the European Union, as amended; 
“TUB” means the Testo Unico Bancario or Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as 
amended or supplemented from time to time, including any successor legislation; and 
“Zero Coupon Note” means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders are 
not applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the 
time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at 
the time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any 
additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 13 
(Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the 
nature of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect 
of interest which may be payable under Condition 13 (Taxation) and any other amount 
in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being “outstanding” shall be construed in accordance with the 
Agency Agreement; 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to be specified or indicated in 
the relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such specification or 
indication, or specifies that such expression is “not applicable", then such expression is 
not applicable to the Notes; and 
(viii) 
any reference to the Agency Agreement shall be construed as a reference to the 
Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue 
Date of the Notes. 
3. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are in bearer form in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case of a Series of Notes 
with more than one Specified Denomination, Notes of one Specified Denomination will not be 
exchangeable for Notes of another Specified Denomination. Title to the Notes and the Coupons 
will pass by delivery. The holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by 
law) be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and 
regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or 
any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and no person shall be liable for so treating 
such holder.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
4. 
Status 
(a) 
Status of Senior Preferred Notes: Senior Preferred Notes and any related Coupons constitute 
direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer which will at all 
times rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and, save for such obligations 
as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general application, at 
least pari passu with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer, but senior to Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Subordinated Notes and any further 
obligations permitted by law to rank junior to the Senior Preferred Notes. 
(b) 
Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes: Senior Non-Preferred Notes (being Notes intended to 
qualify as strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello of the Issuer, as defined under and 
for the purposes of Article 12-bis and Article 91, paragraph 1-bis, sub- paragraph c-bis of the 
TUB, and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by 
any Regulatory Authority) and any related Coupons constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated, unsecured and non-preferred obligations of the Issuer, ranking: 
(i) 
junior to Senior Preferred Notes, any related Coupons and any other unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed by their terms 
and/or by provision of law to rank, senior to Senior Non-Preferred Notes, including 
claims arising from the excluded liabilities within the meaning of Article 72a(2) of the 
CRR; but  
(ii) 
pari passu without any preferences among themselves and at least pari passu with all 
other present or future unsubordinated and non-preferred obligations of the Issuer 
which do not rank or are not expressed by their terms and/or by provisions of law to 
rank junior or senior to the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes; and  
(iii) 
in priority to Subordinated Notes, any related Coupons, any other subordinated 
obligations and the claims of shareholders of the Issuer, 
all pursuant to Article 91, paragraph 1-bis, sub-paragraph c-bis of the TUB, as amended, 
supplemented and/or superseded from time to time, and any relevant implementing regulation 
which may be enacted for such purposes by any Regulatory Authority.  
(c) 
Status of Subordinated Notes: Subordinated Notes constitute direct, unconditional and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer subordinated as described below. Save as provided in 
Condition 4(d) (Status of disqualified Subordinated Notes), the Subordinated Notes rank pari 
passu without any preference among themselves. In relation to each Series of Subordinated 
Notes, all Subordinated Notes of such Series will be treated equally and all amounts paid by 
the Issuer in respect of principal and interest thereon will be paid pro rata on all Subordinated 
Notes of such Series. In the event of the winding up, dissolution, liquidation or bankruptcy 
(including, inter alia, liquidazione coatta amministrativa of the Issuer), for so long as any Series 
of Subordinated Notes qualifies, in whole or in part, as Tier II Capital, the payment obligations 
of the Issuer under each such Series of Subordinated Notes, and the relative Coupons as the 
case may be, will rank in right of payment (A) after unsubordinated unsecured creditors 
(including depositors and any holder of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
and their respective Coupons) of the Issuer and all other creditors of the Issuer holding 
instruments that are less subordinated than the Subordinated Notes (including any 
subordinated instruments that have ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as own fund items 
(elementi di fondi propri)) but (B) at least pari passu with all other subordinated obligations of 
the Issuer which do not rank or are not expressed by their terms to rank junior or senior to such 
Series of Subordinated Notes, including holders of present or future outstanding Tier II Capital

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
of the Issuer and (C) in priority to the claims of shareholders of the Issuer and to the claims of 
creditors of the Issuer holding instruments that are more subordinated than the Subordinated 
Notes. 
(d) 
Status of disqualified Subordinated Notes: If any Series of Subordinated Notes does not qualify 
(or cease to qualify) in their entirety as own funds items (elementi di fondi propri), such 
Subordinated Notes will rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and: (A) at 
least pari passu with the Issuer's obligations in respect of any other subordinated instruments 
that have ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as own funds items (elementi di fondi propri) and 
with all other subordinated indebtedness of the Issuer that has such ranking; (B) in priority to 
payments to holders of present or future outstanding indebtedness which qualifies, in whole or 
in part, as own funds items (elementi di fondi propri), including Additional Tier 1 Capital and Tier 
II Capital; and (C) junior in right of payment to the payment of any present or future claims of 
depositors of the Issuer and any other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer (including Senior 
Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
5. 
Waiver of Set-off 
Each holder of any Notes (whether a Senior Note or a Subordinated Note) is deemed to have 
unconditionally and irrevocably waived any right of set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or 
other similar remedy which it might otherwise have, under the laws of any jurisdiction, in 
respect of such Note.  
6. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as 
provided in Condition 12 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date 
for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with 
this Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) (both before and after judgment) until whichever 
is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are 
received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after 
the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the 
Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in 
payment). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest 
Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one 
Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant 
Specified Denomination. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any 
period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the 
Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count 
Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a 
sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the 
Specified Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a 
“sub-unit” means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of 
euro, means one cent.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
(e) 
Resetting of interest: If the Final Terms specify the Fixed Note Resetting Provisions are 
applicable, the following provisions shall apply:  
(i) 
the Rate of Interest shall be adjusted to the relevant Reset Rate of Interest from (and 
including) each Reset Date to (but excluding) the next following Reset Date or, if no 
such Reset Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Maturity Date;  
(ii) 
the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount payable shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined and, in the case of the Interest Amount, in accordance with 
Condition 6(d) (Calculation of interest amount); 
(iii) 
subject to Condition 8 (Benchmark Replacement), if on any Reset Determination Date, 
the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap Rate does not appear on 
the Relevant Screen Page, the Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reference 
Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency on 
the Reset Determination Date in question, following which:  
(A) 
if two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-
Market Swap Rate Quotations, the Reset Rate of Interest for the relevant 
Reset Period shall be the sum of the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, 
to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of 
the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations and the relevant Margin, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent (and, for the avoidance of doubt, if such 
sum results in a negative amount, such amount shall be deemed to be zero);  
 
(B) 
if on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as 
provided in the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Reset Rate of 
Interest shall be determined to be the Rate of Interest as at the last preceding 
Reset Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, as at the 
Interest Commencement Date;  
(iv) 
the Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined 
by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) 
required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified 
to the Paying Agents and each listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system 
(if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
as soon as practicable after such determination but (in the case of each Rate of 
Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period, and notice thereof shall also promptly be given to 
the Noteholders; 
(v) 
the Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of 
the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the 
relevant Interest Period;  
(vi) 
if the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination, the 
Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may 
publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note 
having the minimum Specified Denomination; and

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
(vii) 
all notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 6 by 
the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, 
the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) 
no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the 
exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
7. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if 
the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as 
provided in Condition 12 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date 
for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with 
this Condition (both before and after judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on 
which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the 
relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the 
Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day 
(except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent (or any other Agent appointed by the Calculation Agent from time to time to act on its 
behalf) on the following basis, subject to Condition 8 (Benchmark Replacement): 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(iii) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (ii) 
above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, the Calculation Agent will: 
(A) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference 
Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the 
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the 
Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in an amount that is representative 
for a single transaction in that market at that time; and 
(B) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(iv) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the Calculation Agent, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the 
first day of the relevant Interest Period for deposits in the Specified Currency to leading

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
European banks for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that 
is representative for a single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or 
(as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that (x) for the 
avoidance of doubt, if such calculation results in a negative amount, such amount shall be 
deemed to be zero and (y) if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case 
may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions in relation to any Interest 
Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will be the sum 
of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in 
relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period.  
(d) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable 
to the Notes for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate, 
where “ISDA Rate” in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate 
(as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under 
an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for 
that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA 
Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is either (A) if the relevant 
Floating Rate Option is based on EURIBOR for a currency, the first day of that Interest 
Period or (B) in any other case, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(iv) 
references in the ISDA Definitions to:  
(A) 
“Confirmation” shall be to the relevant Final Terms;  
(B) 
“Calculation Period” shall be to the relevant Interest Period;  
(C) 
“Termination Date” shall be to the Maturity Date; and 
(D) 
“Effective Date” shall be to the Interest Commencement Date; and 
(v) 
If the Final Terms specify that 2021 ISDA Definitions are applicable:  
(A) 
“Benchmark Event” shall be disapplied; and 
(B) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified Floating 
Rate Option is specified to be “Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – 
Alternative Rate” in the Floating Rate Matrix of the ISDA Definitions, the 
reference to “Calculation Agent Alternative Rate Determination” in the definition 
of “Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Alternative Rate” shall be replaced 
by “Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Previous Day’s Rate”,  
provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, if such calculation results in a negative amount, such 
amount shall be deemed to be zero. 
(e) 
Linear Interpolation: Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an 
Interest Period in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates 
based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA 
Determination is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms), one of which shall be 
determined as if the Applicable Maturity (as defined below) were the period of time for which 
rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of 
which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates 
are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, provided however that 
if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, 
then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such 
sources as the Issuer determines to be appropriate.  
For the purposes of this Condition 7(e), “Applicable Maturity” means: (i) in relation to Screen 
Rate Determination, the period of time designated in the Reference Rate, and (ii) in relation to 
ISDA Determination, the Designated Maturity. 
(f) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be 
greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(g) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time 
at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate 
the Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The Interest 
Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the 
Calculation Amount during such Interest Period, multiplying the product by the relevant Day 
Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub unit of the Specified Currency 
(half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal 
to the Specified Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this 
purpose a “sub-unit” means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of 
such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case 
of euro, means one cent.  
(h) 
Calculation of other amounts: If the relevant Final Terms specify that any other amount is to be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the 
time or times at which any such amount is to be determined, calculate the relevant amount. The 
relevant amount will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in the manner specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(i) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) 
required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the 
Paying Agents and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) 
by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as 
practicable after such determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount 
and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. The Calculation Agent 
will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) 
without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the 
Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination, the Calculation Agent 
shall not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the 
Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified 
Denomination.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
(j) 
Notifications, etc.: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 
by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability 
to any such person will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-
exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
8. 
Benchmark Replacement 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 8 applies to the Floating Rate Note Provisions and to the Fixed Rate 
Resetting Provisions upon occurrence of a Benchmark Event in relation to an Original 
Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate.  
(b) 
Appointment of independent adviser: The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint 
as soon as reasonably practicable, at the Issuer's own expense, an Independent Reference 
Rate Adviser to determine as soon as reasonably practicable a Successor Rate, failing which 
an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 8(d) (Successor or Alternative Rate)) and, in 
either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 8(e) (Adjustment 
Spread)), and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 8(f) (Benchmark 
Amendments)). An Independent Reference Rate Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 8 
shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert and in 
consultation with the Issuer. In the absence of bad faith, wilful default, gross negligence or 
fraud, the Independent Reference Rate Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, 
the Fiscal Agent, the other Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders for any determination made by it or for any advice given to the Issuer in 
connection with any determination made by the Issuer, pursuant to this Condition 8.  
(c) 
Failure to appoint: If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Reference Rate Adviser or 
the Independent Reference Rate Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate 
or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 8 prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be, the Issuer 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may determine a Successor 
Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate, provided however that, if the Issuer is unable or 
unwilling to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance 
with this Condition 8(c) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date or, as the case may be, 
Reset Determination Date: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Interest Period 
immediately following such Interest Determination Date shall be the Rate of Interest that 
is applicable to the immediately preceding Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes to which the Fixed Rate Resetting Provisions apply, the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the Interest Period immediately following such Reset 
Determination Date shall be the Rate of Interest that is applicable to the Interest Period 
immediately preceding such Reset Date.  
For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 8(c) shall apply to the relevant Interest Period only 
and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to 
adjustment as provided in, this Condition 8.  
(d) 
Successor or Alternative Rate: If the Independent Reference Rate Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable), acting in a commercially reasonable manner and in good faith, determines that:

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate; or  
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate,  
then such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) shall subsequently be used 
in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest for the immediately 
following Interest Period (or the relevant component part thereof) and for all future payments of 
interest on the Notes, subject to any adjustment under Condition 8(e) (Adjustment Spread) and 
any subsequent operation of this Condition 8 in the event of a further Benchmark Event 
affecting the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate. 
(e) 
Adjustment Spread: If the Independent Reference Rate Adviser or (in the circumstances set out 
in Condition 8(c) (Failure to appoint) only) the Issuer, in each case acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner and in good faith, determines in its discretion:  
(i) 
that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be); and  
(ii) 
the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread,  
then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a 
relevant component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as 
applicable). 
(f) 
Benchmark Amendments: If any relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment 
Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 8 and the Independent Reference Rate 
Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable), acting in a commercially reasonable manner and in good 
faith, determines in its discretion:  
(i) 
that amendments to these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary and 
appropriate either (A) to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread and/or (B) to comply with any applicable 
regulation or guidelines on the use of benchmarks or other related document issued by 
the competent regulatory body (such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”); 
and  
(ii) 
the terms of the Benchmark Amendments,  
then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 8(g) 
(Notification) but without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary 
these Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date 
specified in such notice (and, for the avoidance of doubt, the Fiscal Agent shall, at the direction 
and expense of the Issuer, consent to and effect such consequential amendments to the 
Agency Agreement required in order to give effect to this Condition 8).  
(g) 
Notification: Notice of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread and the 
specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 8 will be given 
promptly by the Issuer to the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent and, in accordance with 
Condition 20 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
effective date of any such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread or Benchmark 
Amendment, each of which will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in their 
determination) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent and the 
Noteholders.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
 
(h) 
Disqualification exclusion: Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 8, no 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread will be adopted, nor will any other 
amendment to these Conditions be made to effect any Benchmark Amendments, if and for so 
long as, in the determination of the Issuer (acting in a commercially reasonable manner and in 
good faith), the same would be likely: 
(i) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, to prejudice the qualification of the Notes as Tier II 
Capital;  
(ii) 
in the case of Senior Notes, to result in (A) the exclusion of the Notes from the eligible 
liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements or (B) the Regulatory Authority 
and/or the Resolution Authority treating the relevant Interest Payment Date or Reset 
Date, as the case may be, as the effective maturity date of the Notes in place of the 
Maturity Date, 
in which case, (x) the Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes applicable to the next succeeding 
Interest Period shall be the Rate of Interest that is applicable to the immediately preceding 
Interest Period or (y) in the case of Fixed Rate Notes to which the Fixed Rate Resetting 
Provisions apply, the Rate of Interest applicable from each Reset Date shall be the Rate of 
Interest that is applicable to the Interest Period immediately preceding such Reset Date. 
(i) 
Survival: Without prejudice to the Issuer’s obligations under Conditions 8(b) (Appointment of 
independent adviser) to (f) (Benchmark Amendments), the Original Reference Rate and, where 
originally applicable, the fallback provisions under Condition 7(c) (Screen Rate Determination) 
or 6(e) (Resetting of interest) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has 
occurred. 
(j) 
Paying Agents and Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall notify the Calculation Agent and each 
Paying Agent of (i) the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, (ii) any Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate, (iii) any Benchmark Amendments, (iv) any Adjustment Spread and (v) any other changes 
to the interest calculation provisions, in each case at least ten business days prior to the first 
applicable Interest Determination Date. The Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents are not 
obliged to concur with the Issuer in respect of any conforming changes or amendments 
required as a result of any action taken pursuant to this Condition 8 (Benchmark Replacement) 
which, in the sole opinion of the Calculation Agent and/or the Paying Agents, would impose 
more onerous obligations upon them or expose them to any additional duties, responsibilities or 
liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to them in the Agency 
Agreement. 
9. 
Fixed to Floating Rate or Floating to Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 9 (Fixed to Floating Rate or Floating to Fixed Rate Note Provisions) 
is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed to Floating Rate Note Provisions or the Floating to 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Fixed to Floating Rate Note Provisions: If the Fixed to Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, then: 
(i) 
the Fixed Rate Note Provisions shall apply to the Notes initially upon issue and in 
respect of the Fixed Rate Interest Period(s); and  
(ii) 
the Floating Rate Note Provisions shall apply in respect of the Floating Rate Interest 
Period(s).

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
 
(c) 
Floating to Fixed Rate Note Provisions: If the Floating to Fixed Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, then:  
(i) 
the Floating Rate Note Provisions shall apply to the Notes initially upon issue and in 
respect of the Floating Rate Interest Period(s); and  
(ii) 
the Fixed Rate Note Provisions shall apply in respect of the Fixed Rate Interest 
Period(s).  
(d) 
Scheduled switch: If the Final Terms do not specify that the Switch Option is applicable, then 
the switching of interest pursuant to this Condition 9 shall take effect on each Switch Date 
without any requirement to give notice or other formality (but without prejudice, if applicable, to 
Condition 7(i) (Publication)). 
(e) 
Switching at the option of the Issuer: If the Final Terms specify that the Switch Option is 
applicable, then:  
(i) 
the Issuer may, on one or more occasions, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
give notice to the Noteholders during the Switch Option Exercise Period of the 
switching of interest provisions applicable to the Notes from the Fixed Rate Noted 
Provisions to the Floating Rate Note Provisions or vice versa; 
(ii) 
provided that notice is given to Noteholders during the Switch Option Exercise Period, 
such notice will be irrevocable and binding on both the Issuer and the Noteholders and 
will take effect: 
(A) 
where only one Switch Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms, from (and 
including) the Switch Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date; or 
(B) 
where more than one Switch Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms, from 
(and including) the relevant Switch Date to (but excluding) the next following 
Switch Date; and 
(iii) 
if, in relation to a date specified in the Final Terms as a Switch Date, the Switch Option 
is not exercised in accordance with this Condition 9(e), then the interest provisions 
applicable prior to such date shall continue to apply.  
10. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 10 (Zero Coupon Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if 
the Zero Coupon Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any 
Zero Coupon Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter 
be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue 
Date to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in 
respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant 
Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the 
Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such 
seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment).

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
 
11. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes 
will be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in 
Conditions 11(h) (Conditions for redemption and purchase of Notes) and 12 (Payments). 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: Subject to Condition 11(h) (Conditions for redemption and 
purchase of Notes),  the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in 
part, on the Early Redemption Date on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to 
the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), 
together with interest accrued (if any) to the Early Redemption Date, if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred 
to in Condition 13 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of 
such laws or regulations (including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), which 
change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of the Notes; and 
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available 
to it; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes but only if the Early Redemption Date falls before 
five years from the Issue Date, the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the 
Regulatory Authority that such change is material and was not reasonably foreseeable 
at the Issue Date, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(A) 
where the Early Redemption Date may fall at any time, 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in 
respect of the Notes were then due; or 
(B) 
where the Early Redemption Date may only fall on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days 
prior to the Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date on 
which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in 
respect of the Notes were then due.  
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall 
deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Fiscal Agent (1) a certificate signed by a duly 
authorised legal representative of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the 
right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (2) an opinion of independent legal advisers 
of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such 
additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. Upon the expiry of any such 
notice as is referred to in this Condition 11(b), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes in 
accordance with this Condition 11(b). 
(c) 
Redemption for regulatory reasons: If Regulatory Call is specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, upon occurrence of a Regulatory Event, the Notes may, subject to 
Condition 11(h) (Conditions for redemption and purchase of Notes), be redeemed at the option 
of the Issuer, in whole but not in part, on the Early Redemption Date on giving Noteholders not 
less than the minimum nor more than the maximum number of days’ notice specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (which notice shall be irrevocable). Prior to the publication of any notice of

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
 
redemption pursuant to this Condition 11(c), the relevant Issuer shall deliver or procure that 
there is delivered to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the 
Issuer stating that a Regulatory Event has occurred and describing the facts giving rise to such 
circumstances, and such certificate shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders. Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 11(c), the 
Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 11(c), at the Early 
Redemption Amount (Regulatory Event) described in the relevant Final Terms, together (if 
applicable) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Early Redemption Date.  
(d) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, the Notes may (subject to Condition 11(h) (Conditions for redemption and 
purchase of Notes)) be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer’s giving not less than the minimum nor more than the 
maximum number of days’ notice to the Noteholders specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the 
case may be, the Notes specified in such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption Date 
(Call) at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) to such date). 
(e) 
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with 
Condition 11(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the Notes to be redeemed shall be 
selected by the drawing of lots in such place as the Fiscal Agent approves and in such manner 
as the Fiscal Agent considers appropriate, subject to compliance with applicable law and the 
rules of each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which 
the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation, and the notice to 
Noteholders referred to in Condition 11(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) shall specify 
the serial numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed. If any Maximum Redemption Amount or 
Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the 
minimum so specified. 
(f) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: This Condition 11(f) (Redemption at the option of 
Noteholders) is not applicable to Subordinated Notes. If the Put Option is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, but subject to Condition 11(h) (Conditions for 
redemption and purchase of Notes), the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any Note, 
redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option 
Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued 
to such date. In order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 11(f) (Redemption at 
the option of Noteholders), the Noteholder must, not less than the minimum nor more than the 
maximum number of days specified in the relevant Final Terms before the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Put), deposit with any Paying Agent such Note together with all unmatured 
Coupons relating thereto and a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from 
any Paying Agent. The Paying Agent with which a Note is so deposited shall deliver a duly 
completed Put Option Receipt to the depositing Noteholder. No Note, once deposited with a 
duly completed Put Option Notice in accordance with this Condition 11(f) (Redemption at the 
option of Noteholders), may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date (Put), any such Note becomes immediately due and payable or, 
upon due presentation of any such Note on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), 
payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the relevant Paying 
Agent shall mail notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as may have 
been given by such Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note at its

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
Specified Office for collection by the depositing Noteholder against surrender of the relevant 
Put Option Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Note is held by a Paying Agent in 
accordance with this Condition 11(f) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders), the depositor of 
such Note and not such Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the holder of such Note for all 
purposes. 
(g) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as 
provided in Conditions 11(a) (Scheduled redemption) to (f) (Redemption at the option of 
Noteholders) above. 
(h) 
Conditions for redemption and purchase of Notes: Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of 
this Condition 11: 
(i) 
Subordinated Notes shall have a Maturity Date and, if applicable, an Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) falling not less than five years after the Issue Date;  
(ii) 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall not have a Maturity Date or, if applicable, an Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) or an Optional Redemption Date (Put) falling less than 12 
months after the Issue Date;  
(iii) 
redemption of any Series of Notes prior to the Maturity Date at the option of the Issuer 
pursuant to Conditions 11(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), 11(c) (Redemption for 
regulatory reasons), 11(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) (whether in whole or 
in part) or 11(f) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders) or any purchase of Notes 
pursuant to Condition 11(j) (Purchase) shall always be subject to the following 
conditions, together with any additional or alternative conditions or requirements as may 
be applicable from time to time under the Capital Adequacy Regulations: 
(A) 
in the case of Senior Notes, compliance by the Issuer with any conditions to 
such redemption or repurchase prescribed by the MREL Requirements at the 
relevant time (including any requirements applicable to such redemption or 
repurchase due to the qualification of such Senior Notes at such time as 
eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements);  
(B) 
in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, compliance by the Issuer with 
any conditions to such redemption or repurchase prescribed by Article 12-bis 
and Article 91, paragraph 1-bis, sub-paragraph c-bis of the TUB; and 
(C) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, (1) the prior approval of the Regulatory 
Authority and (2) compliance by the Issuer with any alternative or additional 
pre-conditions to redemption or purchase, as applicable, set out in the relevant 
Capital Adequacy Regulations for the time being. 
(i) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: The Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a 
Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and 
payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the 
calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such 
Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
11(i) (Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes) or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction 
of 30E/360. 
(j) 
Purchase: Subject to Condition 11(h) (Conditions for redemption and purchase of Notes), the 
Issuer may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise and at any price, 
provided that all unmatured Coupons are purchased therewith. 
(k) 
Cancellation: Except as required otherwise by law, all Notes so redeemed or purchased by the 
Issuer and any unmatured Coupons attached to or surrendered with them shall be cancelled 
and may not be reissued or resold. 
12. 
Payments 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that 
payment is made in full) surrender of Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside 
the United States by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on, or by 
transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a 
bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a town 
clearing branch of a bank in the City of London). 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to Condition 12(h) (Payments other than in respect 
of matured Coupons), be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is made 
in full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States in the manner described in Condition 12(a) (Principal). 
(c) 
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified 
Office of a Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside 
the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make 
payment of the full amount of the interest on the Notes in the currency in which the payment is 
due when due, (ii) payment of the full amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying 
Agents is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions and 
(iii) payment is permitted by applicable United States law. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to: 
(i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 13 (Taxation); and (ii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 or otherwise imposed pursuant to sections 1471 to 1474 of that Code, any 
regulations or arrangements thereunder, official interpretation thereof or any law implementing 
an inter-governmental approach thereto. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the 
Noteholders or Couponholders for any payments in respect of the Notes. 
(e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specify that the Fixed Rate 
Note Provisions are applicable and a Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons relating 
thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of 
principal due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing 
Coupons will be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, 
however, that if the gross amount available for payment is less than the amount of 
principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate 
amount of such missing Coupons which the gross amount actually available for 
payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment;

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal 
due for payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of 
maturity) as will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such 
missing Coupons (the “Relevant Coupons”) being equal to the amount of 
principal due for payment; provided, however, that where this sub-paragraph 
would otherwise require a fraction of a missing Coupon to become void, such 
missing Coupon shall become void in its entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the 
amount of principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of 
principal due for payment; provided, however, that, if the gross amount 
available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the 
sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of the Relevant 
Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount of principal due for payment) 
which the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of 
principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in Condition 12(a) 
(Principal) against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the 
relevant missing Coupons. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If and to the extent that the relevant Final Terms specify that the 
Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date for final redemption of any Note 
or early redemption in whole of such Note pursuant to Condition 11(b) (Redemption for tax 
reasons), Condition 11(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons), Condition 11(d) (Redemption at 
the option of the Issuer), Condition 11(f) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders) or Condition 
14(b) (Events of default), all unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still attached) 
shall become void and no payment will be made in respect thereof. 
(g) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note 
or Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the holder shall not be 
entitled to payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment 
Business Day in such place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in 
respect of any such delay. 
(h) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in respect 
of matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Notes at the 
Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if permitted 
by Condition 12(c) (Payments in New York City). 
(i) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Note or Coupon 
presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating the 
amount and date of such payment. 
(j) 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the 
time of issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Notes, the Talon forming part of such 
Coupon Sheet may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, or at the 
Specified Office of any Paying Agent in Luxembourg, for a further Coupon Sheet (including, if 
appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have already 
become void pursuant to Condition 15 (Prescription). Upon the due date for redemption of any 
Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon will be 
delivered in respect of such Talon.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
 
13. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or 
on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for 
or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by, within or on behalf of Italy 
or any political subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, 
unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such 
additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Noteholders and the Couponholders after 
such withholding or deduction of such amounts of principal, in the case of Senior Notes (to the 
extent permitted by MREL Requirements) and interest, in the case of any Notes, as would have 
been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no 
such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon presented for 
payment: 
(i) 
in Italy; or 
(ii) 
by or on behalf of a Noteholder or Couponholder which is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of 
its having some connection with Italy other than the mere holding of the Note or 
Coupon; or 
(iii) 
by or on behalf of a Noteholder or Couponholder who is able to avoid such withholding 
or deduction by making a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for 
exemption but fails to do so; or 
(iv) 
by or on behalf of a Noteholder or Couponholder who is able to avoid such withholding 
or deduction by presenting the relevant Note or Coupon to another Paying Agent in a 
Member State of the European Union; or 
(v) 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder of such 
Note or Coupon would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting 
such Note or Coupon for payment on the last day of such period of 30 days; or 
(vi) 
with respect to any payment or deduction on any interest, principal or other proceeds on 
account of imposta sostitutiva (at the then applicable rate of tax) pursuant to Decree 
No. 239 with respect to any Note or Coupon and including in all circumstances in which 
the requirements and procedures set forth in Decree No. 239 and the related 
regulations of implementation have not been met or complied in due time, except where 
such procedures have not been met or complied with within due time due to the actions 
or omissions of the Issuer or its agents; or 
(vii) 
in the event of payment to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident 
individual, to the extent that interest or other amounts are paid to a non-Italian resident 
legal entity or a non-Italian resident individual which is resident in a country which does 
not allow for a satisfactory exchange of information with the Republic of Italy; or 
(viii) 
in respect of Notes that are classified as atypical securities where such withholding or 
deduction is required pursuant to Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, as 
amended, supplemented and/or re-enacted from time to time. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other 
than Italy, references in these Conditions to Italy shall be construed as references to Italy 
and/or such other taxing jurisdiction to which the Issuer may be subject at such time.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
(c) 
FATCA: For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer will have no obligation to pay additional 
amounts in respect of the Notes for any amounts required to be withheld or deducted pursuant 
to sections 1471 to 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 if withholding is imposed 
under those rules as a result of the failure by any person other than the Issuer or any of its 
agents to establish that they are able to receive payments free of such withholding. 
14. 
Events of Default and Remedies 
(a) 
Enforcement: Without prejudice to Condition 14(b) (Events of default), any holder of Notes may 
institute proceedings to enforce any obligation, condition or provision binding on the Issuer 
under such Notes provided that the Issuer shall not by virtue of any such proceedings, other 
than proceedings for the dissolution, liquidation or winding-up of the Issuer or any proceedings 
which under the laws of Italy have an analogous effect to any of the foregoing, be obliged to 
pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it. 
(b) 
Events of default: If any of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Winding up, etc.: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding 
up, liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer (including liquidazione coatta amministrativa); 
or 
(ii) 
Analogous event: any event occurs which under the laws of Italy has an analogous 
effect to any of the events referred to in paragraph (i) above, 
then any Note may, by written notice addressed by the holder thereof to the Issuer and 
delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, be declared immediately 
due and payable, whereupon it shall become immediately due and payable at its Early 
Termination Amount together with accrued interest without further action or formality. 
(c) 
No other remedy: Subject to applicable laws, no remedy against the Issuer (including the 
exercise of any right of set-off or any analogous event) other than as specifically provided 
under this Condition 14 shall be available to holders of any of the Notes whether for the 
recovery of amounts owing in respect of the Notes or in respect of any breach by the Issuer of 
any of its obligations in relation to the Notes or otherwise. 
15. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal shall become void unless the relevant Notes are presented for payment 
within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest shall become void unless 
the relevant Coupons are presented for payment within five years of the appropriate Relevant 
Date. 
16. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the 
Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires 
the appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent having its 
Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and competent authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred 
in connection with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and 
otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes or Coupons must 
be surrendered before replacements will be issued.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
 
17. 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the 
Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or 
relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The initial Paying Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial 
Calculation Agent (if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves the right 
at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and to appoint a 
successor fiscal agent or Calculation Agent and additional or successor paying agents; 
provided, however, that: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent; and 
(b) 
the Issuer will ensure that it maintains a Paying Agent outside of Italy;  
(c) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all 
times maintain a Calculation Agent; 
(d) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the Issuer shall maintain a 
Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system; and 
(e) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within continental Europe, other 
than the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated. 
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be 
given to the Noteholders. 
18. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification; Variation or Substitution 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings 
of Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the modification of any 
provision of these Conditions. Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by an 
Extraordinary Resolution. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be 
convened by it upon the request in writing of Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth of the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes. The quorum at any meeting convened to 
vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be one or more persons holding or representing one 
more than half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes or, at any adjourned 
meeting, one or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the principal 
amount of the Notes held or represented; provided, however, that Reserved Matters may only 
be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which one 
or more persons holding or representing not less than three-quarters or, at any adjourned 
meeting, one quarter of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes form a 
quorum. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all 
the Noteholders and Couponholders, whether present or not. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the time 
being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as if it were an 
Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or 
several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modification: The Notes and these Conditions may be amended without the consent 
of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error. In addition, the parties to

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
 
the Agency Agreement may agree to modify any provision thereof, but the Issuer shall not 
agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to any such modification unless it is of a formal, 
minor or technical nature, it is made to correct a manifest error or it is, in the opinion of such 
parties, not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
(c) 
Variation or substitution: If Variation or Substitution is specified as being applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may at any time either substitute all (but not some only) of 
the  Notes, or vary the terms of the Notes: 
(i) 
in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 24 (Contractual 
Recognition of Bail-in Powers); or  
(ii) 
in the case of Senior Notes only, upon occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event,  
so that the Notes remain or, as appropriate, become Qualifying Notes, as applicable, subject to 
(A) giving any notice required to be given to, and receiving any consent required from, the 
Regulatory Authority and (B) giving not less than the minimum nor more than the maximum 
number of days' notice to Noteholders specified in the relevant Final Terms (but, otherwise, 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the Notes), and provided 
that such variation or substitution does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem 
the varied or substituted securities. 
“Qualifying Notes” means securities issued by the Issuer which, with respect to the Notes to 
be varied or substituted pursuant to this Condition 18(c) (the “existing Notes”):  
(i) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 24 (Contractual 
Recognition of Bail-in Powers), have terms not materially less favourable to a holder of the 
existing Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the terms of the existing 
Notes, and they shall also: 
(A) 
either (1) in the case of Senior Notes, contain terms which at such time result in 
such securities being eligible to count towards fulfilment of the Issuer's (as 
applicable) minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities under 
the then applicable MREL Requirements or (2) in the case of Subordinated 
Notes, comply with the then current requirements of the Capital Adequacy 
Regulations in relation to Tier II Capital;  
(B) 
have a ranking at least equal to that of the existing Notes;  
(C) 
have at least the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as 
those from time to time applying to the existing Notes;  
(D) 
have the same redemption rights as the existing Notes; and  
(E) 
are assigned (or maintain) the same credit ratings as were assigned to the 
existing Notes immediately prior to such variation or substitution, unless any 
downgrade is attributable solely to the effectiveness and enforceability of 
Condition 24 (Contractual Recognition of Bail-in Powers);  
(ii) 
continue to constitute legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligations of the Issuer, as 
confirmed by opinions addressed to the Issuer from legal advisers of recognised 
standing as to matters of English and Italian law, in each case in a form consistent with 
the standards of Eurobond transactions, confirming that (A) the Notes and any other 
documents executed by the Issuer to give effect to the substitution or variation of the 
existing Notes represent legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligations of the Issuer 
and (B) all actions, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done to

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
 
ensure that such is the case (including any necessary approvals, consents, filings 
and/or registrations) have been taken, fulfilled and done, such opinions to be made 
available to Noteholders at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent; and 
(iii) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the existing Notes were listed immediately 
prior to such variation or substitution.  
(d) 
Modification of Senior Non-Preferred Notes: Notwithstanding the foregoing, the 
modification of any Senior Non-Preferred Notes may only be sanctioned to the extent permitted 
under Article 12-bis, paragraph 3 of the TUB.  
19. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders, create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the 
Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the Issue Price, the Issue Date, the Interest 
Commencement Date and/or the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the 
Notes. 
20. 
Notices 
Notices to the Noteholders shall be valid if published in a leading English language daily 
newspaper published in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) and, if the Notes 
are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and it is a requirement of 
applicable law or regulations, a leading newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg 
(which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or in either case, if such publication is not practicable, in a leading 
English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall 
be deemed to have been given on the date of first publication (or if required to be published in 
more than one newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have been made in all 
the required newspapers). Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of 
the contents of any notice given to the Noteholders. 
21. 
Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or judgment 
given or made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the “first currency”) in 
which the same is payable under these Conditions or such order or judgment into another 
currency (the “second currency”) for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof 
against the Issuer, (b) obtaining an order or judgment in any court or other tribunal or 
(c) enforcing any order or judgment given or made in relation to the Notes, the Issuer shall 
indemnify each Noteholder, on the written demand of such Noteholder addressed to the Issuer 
and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, against any loss 
suffered as a result of any discrepancy between (i) the rate of exchange used for such purpose 
to convert the sum in question from the first currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate 
or rates of exchange at which such Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business 
purchase the first currency with the second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in 
satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give 
rise to a separate and independent cause of action.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
 
22. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified 
in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such 
calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point (with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United 
States dollar amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest 
cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting 
from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen 
amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such 
calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 
being rounded upwards. 
23. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the Notes, arising from or connected with the Notes are governed by and shall be 
construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: The courts of Milan have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a “Dispute”) 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes (including a dispute relating to the existence, 
validity or termination of the Notes or any non-contractual obligation arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes) or the consequences of their nullity. 
24. 
Contractual Recognition of Bail-in Powers 
(a) 
Acknowledgment and agreement: Notwithstanding any provision of these Conditions or any 
other agreements, arrangements, or understandings between the Issuer and any Noteholders 
and without prejudice to Article 55(1) of the BRRD, by the acquisition of the Notes (whether on 
issuance or in the secondary market), each Noteholder (which, for the purposes of this 
Condition 24, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes) is deemed to have 
acknowledged, accepted the existence of, agreed to be bound by and consented to: 
(i) 
the effects of the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority, which 
exercise may include and result in, without limitation, any of the following, or some 
combination thereof: (A) the write-down or cancellation of all, or a portion of, the 
principal amount of the Notes together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon 
and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto and/or (B) the conversion of 
all, or a portion of, the principal amount of the Notes together with any accrued but 
unpaid interest due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto, 
into ordinary shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person 
(and the issue to or conferral on the holder of such shares, securities or obligations), 
including by means of an amendment, modification or variation to these Conditions 
and/or (C) the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of 
the amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest become 
payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and  
(ii) 
the variation of these Conditions, as deemed necessary by the Resolution Authority, to 
give effect to the exercise by the Resolution Authority of such Bail-in Power.  
Each Noteholder further agrees that the rights of the Noteholders are subject to, and will be 
varied if necessary so as to give effect to, the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Resolution 
Authority.

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
 
(b) 
Notification: Upon the Issuer being informed or notified by the Resolution Authority of the actual 
exercise of the Bail-in Power or of the date from which the Bail-in Power is effective with 
respect to the Notes, the Issuer shall notify the Noteholders without delay. Any delay or failure 
by the Issuer to give notice shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the Bail-in Power 
nor the effects on the Notes described in this Condition 24. 
(c) 
No event of default: The exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority with respect 
to the Notes shall not constitute an event of default under Condition 14(b) (Events of default) 
and these Conditions shall continue to apply in relation to the outstanding principal amount of, 
or outstanding amount payable with respect to, the Notes subject to any modification of the 
amount of interest payments or distributions payable to reflect the reduction of the outstanding 
principal amount, and any further modification of the terms that the Resolution Authority may 
decide in accordance with applicable laws and regulations relating to the resolution of credit 
institutions, investment firms and/or group entities incorporated in the relevant Member State. 
(d) 
Exclusion of other provisions: Each Noteholder is also deemed to have acknowledged and 
agreed that this provision is exhaustive on the matters described herein to the exclusion of any 
other agreements, arrangements or understandings relating to the application of any Bail-in 
Power to the Notes.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Notes will be substantially in the following form, duly 
completed to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue.  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS: The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor, as defined in the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] (Delete 
entire paragraph if the prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors is specified to be “Not Applicable” in 
Part B, paragraph 9(vi).) 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS: The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97 on insurance distribution, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor, as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] (Delete entire paragraph if the 
prohibition of sales to UK retail investors is specified to be “Not Applicable” in Part B, paragraph 
9(vii).) 
MiFID II Product Governance / Target Market: Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients 
only, each as defined in [MiFID II / Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")]; and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
UK MiFIR Product Governance / Target Market: Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
 
led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined 
in Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the [European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 / EUWA]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any distributor (as defined above) should take 
into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
Final Terms dated [     ]  
MEDIOCREDITO TRENTINO-ALTO ADIGE S.p.A. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 81560023A3EC94499D08 
Issue of [currency] [amount] [description] Notes due [maturity] 
under the  
€1,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and 
Conditions of the [English / Italian] Law Notes set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 19 July 2022 
[and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [     ]], which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer and the Notes described herein is 
only available on the basis of a combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus[, as so 
supplemented].  
The Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] [is/are] available for viewing at 
the registered office of the Issuer at Via Paradisi 1, 38122 Trento, Italy and, in the case of Notes 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and copies may be obtained from [address]. 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs. Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.) 
(When completing any final terms, consideration should be given as to whether such terms or 
information constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
1. 
(i) 
Series number: 
 
[   ] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche number: 
 
[   ] 
2. 
Fungible with an existing Series: 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the sub-paragraphs (i) 
and (ii) below)

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
 
 
(i) 
Details of existing Series: 
 
The Notes are to be consolidated and form a 
single Series with [identify earlier Tranches] 
issued by the Issuer on [issue dates of earlier 
Tranches] (the “Existing Notes”). 
 
(ii) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single Series:  
 
[Issue Date / Upon exchange of the Temporary 
Global Note for interests in the Permanent 
Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 22 
(Form of Notes) below, which is expected to 
occur not earlier than [date] (the “Exchange 
Date”)] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
 
[   ] 
4. 
Aggregate Principal Amount: 
 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
 
[   ] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
 
[   ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
 
[   ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (in the 
case of fungible issues only, if applicable)] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
 
[   ] [and integral multiples of [   ] in excess 
thereof up to and including [   ]. No Notes in 
definitive form will be issued with a denomination 
above [   ]]. 
(The minimum denomination of Notes will be: 
(i) €100,000 in the case of Senior Preferred 
Notes admitted to trading on a regulated market 
within 
the 
European 
Economic 
Area 
in 
circumstances which require the publication of a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation; (ii) 
€150,000 in the case of Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes; and (iii) €200,000 in the case of 
Subordinated Notes (or in each of the above 
cases, if the Notes are denominated in a 
currency other than euro, the equivalent amount 
of such currency.) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
 
[   ] (If only one Specified Denomination, insert 
the Specified Denomination. If more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor. There must be a common factor 
in 
the 
case 
of 
two 
or 
more 
Specified 
Denominations.) 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
 
[   ] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
 
[Issue Date / (Specify other date) / Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
 
[The Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest 
to] [     ] (For Floating Rate Notes (and Notes to 
which Floating Rate Provisions will be applicable 
at the time of maturity), specify the Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year. Otherwise, specify a date.) 
 
 
 
(Subordinated Notes must have an original 
maturity of at least five years and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes must have an original maturity 
of at least 12 months.) 
 
 
 
(If the Maturity Date is less than one year from 
the Issue Date and either (a) the issue proceeds 
are received by the Issuer in the United Kingdom 
or (b) the activity of issuing the Notes is carried 
on from an establishment maintained by the 
Issuer in the United Kingdom, (i) the Notes must 
have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 
(or its equivalent in other currencies) and be sold 
only to “professional investors” or (ii) another 
applicable exemption from section 19 of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 must 
be available.) 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
 
[[   ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[Specify Reference Rate] +/- [   ] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
[Fixed to Floating Rate Note Provisions] 
[Floating to Fixed Rate Note Provisions] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified in paragraph 
[13/14/15/16/17] below) 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
 
[Applicable (see paragraph [13 (Fixed to Floating 
Rate Note Provisions) / 14 (Floating to Fixed 
Rate Note Provisions)] / Not Applicable] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
 
[[Investor Put / Issuer Call / Regulatory Call] 
(further particulars specified in paragraph 
[18/19/20] below) / Not Applicable] 
12. 
Status of the Notes: 
 
[Senior Preferred / Senior Non-Preferred / 
Subordinated] Notes

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed to Floating Rate Note Provisions 
 
[Applicable. See also paragraphs 15 (Fixed Rate 
Note Provisions) and 16 (Floating Rate Note 
Provisions) / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Switch Option: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Switch Option Exercise Period(s): 
 
[(Insert start and end dates or specify maximum 
and minimum number of days prior to Switch 
Date. The end date must be at least 15 days 
prior to the Switch Date) / Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Switch Date(s): 
 
[Subject to exercise of the Switch Option,] [     ] 
(Insert date(s)) 
(Delete the reference above to the Switch Option 
if sub-paragraph (i) above is not applicable) 
14. 
Floating to Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
 
[Applicable. See also paragraphs 15 (Fixed Rate 
Note Provisions) and 16 (Floating Rate Note 
Provisions)  / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Switch Option: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Switch Option Exercise Period(s): 
 
[(Insert start and end dates or specify maximum 
and minimum number of days prior to Switch 
Date. The end date must be at least 15 days 
prior to the Switch Date) / Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Switch Date(s): 
 
[Subject to exercise of the Switch Option,] [     ] 
(Insert date(s)) 
(Delete the reference above to the Switch Option 
if sub-paragraph (i) above is not applicable) 
15. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
 
[Applicable / [Applicable in respect of the Fixed 
Rate Interest Period[s] (Only use this wording if 
the Fixed to Floating or Floating to Fixed Rate 
Note Provisions apply)] / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
 
[   ] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear]

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
 
[     ] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date [adjusted in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention] (N.B. This will need to 
be amended in the case of any long or short 
coupons) 
 
(iii)     First Interest Payment Date: 
 
[     ] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention:  
 
[Floating Rate Convention/FRN Convention/ 
Eurodollar Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/ 
Modified Following Business Day Convention/ 
Preceding Business Day Convention/ 
No adjustment] 
 
(v) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
 
[Not Applicable / (indicate relevant city/cities)] 
 
(vi) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
 
[   ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(vii) 
Broken Amount(s): 
 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount, payable on [the 
Interest Payment Date falling in] [     ] /  
Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) Day Count Fraction: 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]/ 
[Actual/365]/[Actual/Actual (ISDA)]/ 
[Actual/365(Fixed)]/ 
[Actual/360]/ 
[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis]/ 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis]/ 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(ix) 
Fixed note resetting provisions: 
 
[Applicable  / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining text of 
this sub-paragraph (ix)) 
 
– 
Reset Date(s): 
 
[    ] 
 
– 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate / Mean Mid-Swap Rate] 
 
– 
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
 
[    ] 
 
– 
Relevant Screen Page: 
 
[    ] 
 
– 
Margin(s): 
 
[+/-][   ] per cent. per annum 
 
– 
Reference Rate: 
 
[    ] 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
 
[Applicable]/ Applicable in respect of the Floating 
Rate Interest Period[s] (Only use this wording if 
the Fixed to Floating or Floating to Fixed Rate 
Note Provisions apply) / Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.)

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
 
 
(i) 
Specified Period: 
 
[Not Applicable / (Specify period)] 
(“Specified Period” and “Interest Payment Dates” 
are alternatives. A Specified Period, rather than 
Interest Payment Dates, will only be relevant if 
the Business Day Convention is the FRN 
Convention, 
Floating 
Rate 
Convention 
or 
Eurodollar Convention. Otherwise, insert “Not 
Applicable”) 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
 
[Not Applicable / (Specify dates)]  
(“Specified Period” and “Interest Payment Dates” 
are alternatives.  If the Business Day Convention 
is 
the 
FRN 
Convention, 
Floating 
Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention, insert “Not 
Applicable". Otherwise, specify the dates.) 
 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
 
[Not Applicable / (Specify date)]  
(Insert "Not Applicable" if sub-paragraph (ii) is 
not applicable.) 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
 
[Floating Rate Convention/FRN Convention/ 
Eurodollar Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/ 
Modified Following Business Day Convention/ 
Preceding Business Day Convention/ 
No adjustment] 
 
(v) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
 
[Not Applicable / (indicate relevant city/cities)] 
 
(vi) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(vii) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Fiscal Agent): 
 
[[Name] shall be the Calculation Agent /  
Not Applicable] (Specify “Not Applicable” if the 
Fiscal Agent is to perform this function)  
 
(viii) Screen Rate Determination: 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining text of 
this sub-paragraph (viii).) 
 
- Reference Rate: 
 
[EURIBOR / (Specify other rate)] 
 
- Relevant Screen Page: 
 
[Specify screen page. For example, Reuters 
page EURIBOR01] 
 
- Interest Determination Date(s): 
 
[   ] 
 
- Relevant Time: 
 
[   ] (For example, 11.00 a.m. Brussels time) 
 
- Relevant Financial Centre: 
 
[   ]  
(For example, Euro-zone (where Euro-zone 
means the region comprised of the countries 
whose lawful currency is the euro)

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
 
 
(ix) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining text of 
this sub-paragraph (ix).) 
 
- ISDA Definitions 
- Floating Rate Option: 
 
 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
[   ] 
 
- Designated Maturity: 
 
[   ] 
 
- Reset Date: 
 
[   ] 
 
- ISDA Benchmarks Supplement: 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
(x)      Linear Interpretation 
 
[Not Applicable / Applicable. The Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify 
for each short or long interest period)] 
 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
 
[+/-][   ] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
 
[Not Applicable]/[   ] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
 
[Not Applicable]/[   ] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiv) Day Count Fraction: 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]/ 
[Actual/365]/[Actual/Actual (ISDA)]/ 
[Actual/365(Fixed)]/ 
[Actual/360]/ 
[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis]/ 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis]/ 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
[Amortisation/Accrual] Yield: 
 
[   ] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
 
[   ] 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]/ 
[Actual/365]/[Actual/Actual (ISDA)]/ 
[Actual/365(Fixed)]/ 
[Actual/360]/ 
[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis]/ 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis]/ 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Call Option 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) (Call): 
 
[   ] 
(The Optional Redemption Date (Call) must not 
be earlier than five years after the Issue Date in 
the case of Subordinated Notes and not earlier 
than 12 months in the case of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes.) 
 
(ii) 
Notice periods: 
 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum notice: 
 
[   ] days 
 
(b) 
Maximum notice: 
 
[   ] days 
(When setting notice periods, consider the 
practicalities of distributing information through 
intermediaries, e.g. clearing systems (which 
normally require a minimum of five clearing 
system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent.) 
 
(iii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
(Call) and method, if any, of 
calculation of such amount(s): 
 
[   ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption Amount:  
[   ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption Amount:  
[   ] per Calculation Amount 
19. 
Regulatory Call 
 
[Applicable, following a [Tier II / MREL] 
Disqualification Event /Not Applicable] 
(If Regulatory Call is applicable, select “Tier II” in 
the case of Subordinated Notes or “MREL” in the 
case of Senior Notes. If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
Notice periods: 
 
 
 
(i) 
Minimum notice: 
 
[   ] days

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Maximum notice: 
 
[   ] days 
(When setting notice periods, consider the 
practicalities of distributing information through 
intermediaries, e.g. clearing systems (which 
normally require a minimum of five clearing 
system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent.) 
20. 
Put Option 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph. If the Notes are 
Subordinated Notes, insert “Not Applicable”.) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) (Put): 
 
[   ] 
(The Optional Redemption Date (Put) must not 
be earlier than 12 months after the Issue Date in 
the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes.) 
 
(ii) 
Notice periods: 
 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum notice: 
 
[   ] days 
 
(b) 
Maximum notice: 
 
[   ] days 
 
 
 
(When setting notice periods, consider the 
practicalities of distributing information through 
intermediaries, e.g. clearing systems (which 
normally require a minimum of 15 clearing 
system business days' notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent.) 
 
(iii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) (Put) 
and method, if any, of calculation of 
such amount(s): 
 
[   ] per Calculation Amount 
21. 
Redemption Amounts  
 
 
 
(i) 
Final Redemption Amount: 
 
[Par / [   ] per Calculation Amount] 
(Select “Par” if the Final Redemption Amount is 
the principal amount of the Notes. Otherwise, 
specify the amount per Calculation Amount that 
represents the Final Redemption Amount of 
each Note.)

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note payable on redemption for 
taxation or regulatory reasons and the 
method of calculating the same (if 
required or if different from that set 
out in the Conditions): 
 
[Not Applicable / [   ] per Calculation Amount] 
(Select “Not Applicable” if the Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax) and the Early Redemption Amount 
(Regulatory Event) are the principal amount of 
the 
Notes. 
Otherwise, 
specify 
the 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Tax) 
and/or 
Early 
Redemption Amount (Regulatory Event), if 
different from the principal amount of the Notes.) 
 
(iii) 
Early Termination Amount of each 
Note payable on an event of default 
and the method of calculating the 
same (if required or if different from 
that set out in the Conditions): 
 
[Not Applicable / [   ] per Calculation Amount] 
(Select “Not Applicable” if the Early Termination 
Amount is the principal amount of the Notes. 
Otherwise, 
specify 
the 
Early 
Termination 
Amount, if different from the principal amount of 
the Notes.) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
22. 
Form of Notes: 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes [on [     ] days’ notice/at any 
time/in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note.]] 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [     ] days’ notice.] 
 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [     ] days’ notice/at any 
time/in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note.] 
23. 
New Global Note: 
 
[Yes/No] 
24. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to Payment 
Dates: 
 
[Not Applicable/indicate relevant city/cities]  
(Note that this item relates to the date and place 
of payment, and not interest period end dates, to 
which items 15(v) and 16(v) relate.) 
25. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes (and dates on which such 
Talons mature): 
 
[No / Yes, if the [Temporary/Permanent] Global 
Notes is exchanged for Definitive Notes on or 
before [relevant Interest Payment Date].] 
(Select “Yes” if the Notes have more than 27 
coupon payments, in which case the “relevant 
date” will be the 27th Interest Payment Date prior 
to the final Interest Payment Date.)

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
 
26. 
Variation or Substitution of Notes:  
 
[Not Applicable] / [Applicable [only] [in relation to 
a MREL Disqualification Event] [and] [in order to 
ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of 
Condition 24 (Contractual Recognition of Bail-in 
Powers)]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs regarding notice periods.) 
 
Notice periods: 
 
 
 
(i) 
Minimum notice: 
 
[   ] days 
 
(ii) 
Maximum notice: 
 
[   ] days 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By: 
……………………………………………….. 
Duly authorised

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
 
[Official 
List 
of 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange/other (specify)/None] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
 
[Application [has been/is expected to be] made 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the 
[regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange/other] with effect from [   ].]/[Not 
Applicable.] 
[The Existing Notes are already admitted to 
trading 
on 
the 
[regulated 
market 
of 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange/other.] 
(Insert 
wording in this sub-paragraph only if the Notes 
are fungible with an existing Series and are 
admitted to trading on a securities market.) 
 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
 
[Specify amount] / [Not Applicable] (Specify “Not 
Applicable” only if the Notes are not being 
admitted to trading on any EEA regulated 
market.) 
2. 
 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings:  
 
(Insert the following paragraph where the Notes 
are to be specifically rated.) 
[The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected 
to be] rated as follows: 
[S & P: [   ]] 
[Moody’s: [   ]] 
[[Other]: [   ]] 
(Insert the following paragraph where the Notes 
are not to be specifically rated)] 
[The following ratings reflect the ratings allocated 
to the Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally: 
[S & P: [   ]] 
[Moody’s: [   ]] 
[[Other]: [   ]]] 
 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider.) 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating.)

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
 
(Select the applicable option(s):) 
[[Name of rating agency/ies] [is/are] [established 
in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) 
No. 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
“CRA 
Regulation”).] 
[Name of rating agency/ies] [is/are] neither 
established in the EEA nor registered under 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the 
“CRA Regulation”) but [is/are] certified under the 
CRA Regulation.] 
[Name of rating agency/ies] [is/are] neither 
established in the EEA nor registered under 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the 
“CRA Regulation”) but the rating[s] assigned to 
the Notes [has/have] been endorsed by [Name of 
rating agency/ies], which [is/are] established in 
the 
EEA 
and 
registered 
under 
the 
CRA 
Regulation.] 
[Name of rating agency/ies] [is/are] neither 
established in the EEA nor registered or certified 
under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as 
amended (the “CRA Regulation”) and the 
rating[s] assigned to the Notes [has/have] not 
been endorsed by any rating agency established 
in the EEA and registered under the CRA 
Regulation.] 
The European Securities and Markets Authority 
("ESMA") is obliged to maintain on its website a 
list of credit rating agencies registered in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation, which can 
be viewed at the following address:  
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-
and-certified-CRAs# 
This list must be updated by ESMA within 5 
working days of ESMA's adoption of any decision 
to withdraw the registration of a credit rating 
agency under the CRA Regulation. 
3. 
 
AUTHORISATIONS 
 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
 
[     ] [and [     ], respectively] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes)] 
4. 
 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
[Not Applicable / (give details)]

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement: 
“Save for any fees payable to the Dealers and save as discussed in the section of the Base 
Prospectus entitled “General Information”, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in 
the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.”) 
 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
5. 
 
REASONS FOR OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
Use of proceeds:  
 
[See “Use of proceeds” in the section of the Base 
Prospectus 
entitled 
“General 
Information” 
/ 
(Provide details)] 
(If use of proceeds differ from those shown in the 
Base Prospectus, provide details here.)  
 
Estimated net amount of proceeds:  
 
[    ] 
6. 
 
YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
 
[Not Applicable / (Insert percentage)] 
(State “Not Applicable” if the Notes are not Fixed 
Rate Notes.)  
7. 
 
BENCHMARKS 
 
EU Benchmarks Regulation: 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(State “Not Applicable” if the Notes are Fixed 
Rate Notes. If not applicable, delete the 
remaining text of this paragraph.)  
 
[Statement on benchmarks: 
(Article 29(2) of EU Benchmarks 
Regulation) 
 
Interest payable under the Notes will be 
calculated by reference to [name of benchmark], 
which is provided by [name of benchmark 
administrator]. As at the date of these Final 
Terms, 
[name 
of 
benchmark 
administrator] 
[appears/does not appear] on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) No. 
2016/1011) ("BMR"). (State “Not Applicable” if the 
Notes are Fixed Rate Notes and the Fixed Rate 
Resetting Provisions are not applicable. If not 
applicable, delete the remaining text of this 
paragraph.)

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
 
 
 
 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [[name of 
benchmark] does not fall within the scope of BMR 
by virtue of Article 2 of that regulation / the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of BMR apply], 
such that [name of benchmark administrator] is 
not currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration.]] 
8. 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
 
[Not Applicable / [     ] has been extracted from [     ]. The Issuer confirms that such information 
has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [     ], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
9. 
 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of 
Managers: 
 
[Not applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer:  
 
[Not applicable/give name] 
 
(iv) 
Name of Stabilising Manager(s) 
(if any):  
 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(v) 
U.S. selling restrictions:  
 
Reg. S compliance category [1/2/3];  
TEFRA [C/D/not applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors:  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If 
the Notes may constitute “packaged” products 
and no KID will be prepared in the EEA, 
“Applicable” should be specified.) 
 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If 
the Notes may constitute “packaged” products 
and no KID will be prepared in the UK, 
“Applicable” should be specified.) 
10. 
 
ISIN AND COMMON CODE 
 
(Select the following option if the Notes are fungible with an existing Series but not immediately 
fungible upon issue.)  
[The notes have the following temporary ISIN and temporary common code assigned to them:  
 
Temporary ISIN: 
 
[   ]

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
 
 
Temporary Common Code: 
 
[   ] 
 
The Notes are to be consolidated and form a single series with the Existing Notes on the 
Exchange Date referred to in Part A, paragraph 2(ii) of these Final Terms, following which the 
Notes will have the same ISIN and common code assigned to the Existing Notes, namely:]  
(Select the following option if the Notes are fungible with an existing Series immediately upon 
issue.)  
 
[The Notes are to be consolidated and form a single series with the Existing Notes immediately 
upon issue and, accordingly, will have the same ISIN and common code assigned to the 
Existing Notes, namely:] 
 
(Delete both of the above options if the Notes are not fungible with an existing Series.) 
 
ISIN: 
 
[   ] 
 
Common Code: 
 
[   ] 
11. 
 
OTHER OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
CFI: 
 
[[•], as set out on the website of the Association of 
National Numbering Agencies [("ANNA")] or 
alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the 
ISIN / Not Applicable] 
 
FISN: 
 
[[•], as set out on the website of the [ANNA / 
Association of National Numbering Agencies] or 
alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the 
ISIN / Not Applicable]  
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested 
or available, it/they should be specified as “Not 
Applicable”)  
 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
 
[Not Applicable/Yes/No] 
[Note that the designation “Yes” simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited 
with 
Euroclear 
or 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as common safekeeper and does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem, either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria.] (Include this text if “Yes” 
selected, in which case the Notes must be issued 
in NGN form.)

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
 
 
 
 
[Whilst the designation is specified as “No” at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such 
that the Notes are capable of meeting them the 
Notes may then be deposited with Euroclear or 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
as 
common 
safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will then be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
at any time during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]] 
(Include this text if "No" selected.) 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. and 
Clearstream Banking, société anonyme 
and the relevant identification 
number(s): 
 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and 
number(s)] 
 
Delivery: 
 
Delivery [against / free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and address(es)]

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
Each Global Note will be in bearer form. Consequently, in relation to any Tranche of Notes 
represented by a Global Note, references in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to “Noteholder” 
are references to the bearer of the relevant Global Note which, for so long as the Global Note is held 
by a depositary or a common depositary, in the case of a CGN, or a common safekeeper, in the case 
of an NGN, for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, 
will be that depositary or common depositary or, as the case may be, common safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note (each an 
“Accountholder”) must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other 
relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder’s share of each payment made 
by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note and in relation to all other rights arising under the 
Global Note. The extent to which, and the manner in which, Accountholders may exercise any rights 
arising under the Global Note will be determined by the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant clearing system from time to time. For so long 
as the relevant Notes are represented by the Global Note, Accountholders shall have no claim directly 
against the Issuer in respect of payments due under the Notes and such obligations of the Issuer will 
be discharged by payment to the bearer of the Global Note. 
Exchange of Temporary Global Notes 
Whenever any interest in a Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Note, the Issuer shall procure: 
(a) 
in the case of first exchange, the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such 
Permanent Global Note, duly authenticated and, in the case of an NGN, effectuated, to the 
bearer of the Temporary Global Note; or 
(b) 
in the case of any subsequent exchange, an increase in the principal amount of such 
Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms, 
in each case in an aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate of the principal amounts 
specified in the certificates issued by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system and received by the Fiscal Agent against presentation and (in the case of 
final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 
seven days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Whenever a Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure 
the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal 
amount equal to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary 
Global Note against the surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent 
within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
a Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased by 
5.00 p.m. (local time in the city in which the Fiscal Agent has its Specified Office (“Local 
Time”)) on the seventh day after the bearer of a Temporary Global Note has requested

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
 
exchange of an interest in the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global 
Note; or 
(b) 
Definitive Notes have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (Local Time) on the thirtieth day after the 
bearer of a Temporary Global Note has requested exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
Definitive Notes; or 
(c) 
a Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance 
with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of a Temporary 
Global Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling 
due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer of the Temporary Global 
Note in accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note or 
increase the principal amount thereof or deliver Definitive Notes, as the case may be) will become 
void at 5.00 p.m. (Local Time) on such seventh day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (Local 
Time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (b) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (Local Time) on such due date (in 
the case of (c) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no further rights 
thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or 
others may have under a deed of covenant relating to the English Law Notes dated 19 July 2022 (the 
“Deed of Covenant”) executed by the Issuer). Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the 
records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as 
being entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global Note will acquire directly against the Issuer all 
those rights to which they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Temporary Global Note 
became void, they had been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to 
the principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Exchange of Permanent Global Notes 
Whenever a Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure 
the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal 
amount equal to the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent 
Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note at the Specified Office of the Fiscal 
Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (Local Time) on the thirtieth day after the 
bearer of a Permanent Global Note has duly requested exchange of the Permanent Global 
Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
a Permanent Global Note (or any part of it) has become due and payable in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Notes has 
occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all 
accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note in 
accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void 
at 5.00 p.m. (Local Time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (Local Time) 
on such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no 
further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global 
Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
 
in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/ or any other relevant clearing 
system as being entitled to an interest in a Permanent Global Note will acquire directly against the 
Issuer all those rights to which they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Permanent 
Global Note became void, they had been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal 
amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as they 
apply to the Global Note. The following is an overview of certain of those provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note will be made against presentation and (in the 
case of payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note to or 
to the order of any Paying Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding 
liabilities of the Issuer in respect of the Notes. On each occasion on which a payment of principal or 
interest is made in respect of the Global Note, the Issuer shall procure that in respect of a CGN such 
payment is noted in a schedule thereto and in respect of an NGN the payment is entered pro rata in 
the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Payment Business Day: Notwithstanding the definition of “Payment Business Day” in Condition 2(a) 
(Definitions), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note (or by a Permanent 
Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) and the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent 
Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are) deposited with a depositary or a common 
depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system 
or a common safekeeper, “Payment Business Day” means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on 
which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre; or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and 
in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 11(f) (Redemption at the 
option of Noteholders), the bearer of the Permanent Global Note must, within the period specified in 
the Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note and put notice, give written notice of such exercise 
to the Fiscal Agent specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of which such option is being 
exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 
11(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the Notes, the Permanent 
Global Note may be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the Issuer in accordance 
with the Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the Conditions 
but in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be 
reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a 
reduction in principal amount, at their discretion). 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 20 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent 
Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) and the Permanent 
Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are) deposited with 
a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper, notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
 
the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/ or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, except that, for so long as such Notes are 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and it is a requirement of applicable law or 
regulations, such notices shall be published in a leading newspaper having general circulation in 
Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
Cancellation: Cancellation of any Note represented by the Temporary Global Note and/or the 
Permanent Global Note following its purchase and subsequent surrender will be effected by a 
reduction in the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note and/or the Permanent Global Note.

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
History and Incorporation 
The Issuer, also known in German as Investitionsbank Trentino-Südtirol–A.G., was established on 13 
February 1953 and is incorporated under the laws of Italy as a company limited by shares (società per 
azioni) and operating under Italian law for a duration that is due to expire on 31 December 2050 but 
which may be extended by a resolution passed at its extraordinary shareholders' meeting. The Issuer 
is registered at the Companies’ Registry (Registro delle Imprese) of the Chamber of Commerce of 
Trento, Italy under registration number 00108470220, and is also on the register of banks (albo delle 
banche) held by the Bank of Italy under registration number 4764 and on the register of banking 
groups (albo dei gruppi bancari) under number 10638.5.  
The Issuer’s registered office and headquarters is at Via Paradisi 1, 38122 Trento, Italy, its telephone 
number is +39 0461 888511 and its website is www.mediocredito.it. The Issuer has branches in the 
cities of Bolzano, Treviso, Bologna, Padua and Brescia.  
The Issuer was established as a regional specialist credit institution during a period when Italian 
banking laws granted the right to issue medium- to long-term sector loans solely to specialist 
institutions. The Issuer’s activity was initially limited to financing industrial and agricultural investments 
within the Autonomous Region of Trentino-Alto Adige in the north-east of Italy, comprising the 
Autonomous Province of Trento (Trentino) and the Autonomous Province of Bolzano (Alto Adige or 
South Tyrol). In this Base Prospectus, the term "north-east of Italy", or "north-east", refers to a 
location in Italy comprising the following regions: Veneto, Trentino-Alto Adige, Friuli-Venezia Giulia 
and Emilia-Romagna. Initially organised under a quasi-public entity legal status, the Issuer's share 
capital was held by the Italian State, the Region of Trentino-Alto Adige and three other local banks. 
During the 1970s and the 1980s, the Issuer was allowed to finance other industries including the 
commerce, tourism and handicraft sectors and to operate outside the Trentino-Alto Adige region. In 
this period, the Italian State sold its shareholdings in the Issuer to banks and the autonomous 
provinces of Trento and Bolzano, located in the Trentino-Alto Adige region. 
In 1992, pursuant to Law No. 218 of 30 July 1990 (the "Amato Law"), the Issuer's legal status was 
converted into that of a public company. Notwithstanding this conversion, the Issuer maintained, 
according to its by-laws, its specialisation in medium- to long-term lending and was granted the right 
to operate without any geographical or sectorial limits. Under its new legal status, the Issuer rapidly 
developed operations in the Veneto region and in other neighbouring regions, such as Friuli-Venezia 
Giulia, Lombardy and Emilia-Romagna. As a result, the Issuer opened two branches in the Veneto 
and Emilia-Romagna regions, respectively. In this period, the Issuer's lending services were also 
supplemented with merchant banking, syndicated loan, leasing, financial support and consultancy 
services to existing and new corporate enterprises, as evidenced in agreements with local authorities 
for the establishment and management of credit facilities. 
Following the opening of the branches in Padua and Brescia, the Issuer strengthened its commercial 
presence in the North East and in Lombardy highlighting its mission towards the development of small 
and medium-sized enterprises. 
At the beginning of 2004, the Mediocredito Trentino-Alto Adige Banking Group was established with 
the Issuer as its holding company, following the establishment of a new company named Paradisidue 
S.r.l., which is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Issuer. See also the introductory text in the section of 
this Base Prospectus entitled “Overview of Financial Information relating to the Issuer”.

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
 
Business Overview 
The Issuer is based in the city of Trento and is a bank specialising in medium- to long-term lending to 
small and medium-sized enterprises. The Issuer operates principally in the affluent region of Trentino-
Alto Adige, located in the north-east of Italy, with a mixed German and Italian-speaking population. 
The Issuer has five branches located in the cities of Bolzano, Treviso, Bologna, Padua and Brescia.  
The Issuer believes that its limited number of branches in Italian territory, entrusted with commercial 
rather than operating functions, which is typical of banks specialising in the medium- to long-term loan 
sector, allows it to reduce overheads and to cover the areas where it operates adequately. In addition 
the Issuer believes that these branches allow it to maintain key clients and other business relations, 
especially with other banks, which the Issuer considers useful to boost credit demand.  
The province of Trento, an autonomous province in the region of Trentino-Alto Adige, where the 
Issuer is primarily located, enjoys a relatively high degree of political and financial autonomy from the 
Italian State. The regional economy is relatively strong and benefits from moderately generous public 
expenditure and relatively low unemployment which, according to ISTAT, was at 4.3 per cent. as at 
the end of 2021 (against the Italian average of 9.7 in the same period), moderately high standards of 
living, above-average Italian levels of personal savings and a relatively high degree of self-
government, especially in the budgeting and public spending areas. The geographical location of the 
Trentino-Alto Adige region, at the crossroads of the affluent regions of the north-east of Italy, Tyrol in 
Austria and Bavaria in southern Germany, has further contributed to the development of a healthy 
economy in the region, based on trade, tourism, industry and agriculture. 
According to ISTAT, the unemployment rate in the north-east has been historically among the lowest 
in Italy reaching 5.4 per cent. at the end of 2021. In the same period the unemployment rate was at 
4.8 per cent. in the Autonomous Province of Trento, 3.9 per cent. in the Autonomous Province of 
Bolzano, 5.4 per cent. in the Veneto region, 5.6 per cent. in the Emilia-Romagna region and 6.00 per 
cent in the Lombardy region, the latter regions being of strategic importance to the Issuer, while the 
national unemployment rate in Italy was 9.7 per cent. 
The neighbouring region of Veneto, where the Issuer developed operations following its conversion in 
1992 into a company limited by shares, is characterised by a relatively high level of entrepreneurial 
activity, established over the last forty-odd years during which the development of agricultural land 
was accompanied by widespread industrialisation in the inland regions and increased tourism along 
the Italian Adriatic coast. In the Emilia-Romagna region, another area where the Issuer developed 
operations following its conversion in 1992 into a company limited by shares, business has developed 
over many years, particularly from growth in the agricultural, agro-industrial and tourism sectors along 
the region's coast. As a whole, the north-east of Italy, favoured by its strategic geographical position, 
is one of Italy's most productive areas.  
Areas of Activity 
The core business of the Issuer is, historically, medium- to long-term lending. On or about 1992, 
following changes to the Italian banking system as a result of the Amato Law, the Issuer expanded its 
activities in a variety of sectors including, but not limited to, construction loans, mortgage loans and 
public work financing, although the Issuer's core business has remained ordinary industrial loans and 
secured loans to small- and medium-sized enterprises. In or about the same period, the Issuer 
expanded its operations to include merchant banking, syndicated lending, leasing and financial 
support and consultancy services, including specialist services, such as equity participations, bond 
issues for corporate clients and leveraged buyouts.  
For the year ended 31 December 2021, the net interest income of the Issuer amounted to €22.0 
million (representing an increase of 19.5 per cent. compared to €18.4 million in 2020), while return on

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
 
equity was 3.4 per cent. (calculated on total equity net of profits for the year), compared to 1.8 per 
cent. achieved in 2020. 
For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Issuer's total revenues from net interest income, 
commissions, dividends and trading profits/losses amounted to €28.2 million, up by 0.7 per cent. on 
the 2020 figure of €28.0 million. During the year ended 31 December 2021, administrative expenses 
were €11.7 million, compared to €11.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2020, labour costs 
were 2.6 per cent. up (€7.5 million compared to €7.3 million in the previous year), while other 
administrative costs increased from €2.5 million to €2.6 million (to these costs must be added the 
contribution of €1.0 to the Single Resolution Fund (€0.8 million in 2020). During 2021, the Issuer 
posted €7.7 million loan loss provisions, representing a decrease of 36.0 per cent. compared with 
2020 (€12.1 million). As a result, after paying €2.3 million of tax costs, the Issuer closed the year with 
net income of €6.5 million (€3.3 million in 2020). 
Lending 
The following table outlines the credit granted by the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 2021 
and 2020. 
As at 31 December  
2021 
2020 
(number) 
Credit granted 
331 
293 
(thousands of Euro) 
Credit granted  
280,911 
245,692 
Credit disbursed  
239,654 
237,148 
 
Credit granted in 2021 amounted to €280.9 million, representing an increase of 14.3% compared to 
2020. In terms of numbers, there was a similar trend; leading to a constant average amount 
approved, which continues to be €0.8 million. 
The following table shows a breakdown of the Issuer’s total loans and advances to customers and to 
banks as at 31 December 2021 and 2020.  
As at 31 December  
2021 
2020 
(thousands of Euro) 
Loans and advances to banks 
2,837 
2,424 
Loans and advances to customers 
1,053,945 
1,068,634 
Total 
1,056,782(1) 
1,071,058 
Non-performing 
22,072 
 
32,760 
Performing 
1,031,873 
 
1,035,873 
_______________ 
(1) 
The data include receivables for cash reserves relating to self-securitisations that did not pass the SPPI test and that, 
therefore, are shown under item 20.c of the financial statement assets (€1.3 million in both 2021 and 2020).

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
 
The following tables show the Issuer’s loans granted during the years ended 31 December 2021 and 
2020, broken down according to sector and geographical area. 
Credit granted by counterparty and business sector 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
Change 
 
2021 
 
2020 
 
 
(Euro 
thousands) 
 
(%) 
 
(Euro 
thousands) 
 
(%) 
 
(Euro 
thousands) 
 
(%) 
Non-financial 
corporations 
250,274 
 
89.1 
 
230,883 
 
94.0 
 
19,392 
 
8.4 
Manufacturing 
101,236 
 
36.0 
 
105,226 
 
42.8 
 
-3,990 
 
-3.8 
Market services 
44,815 
 
16.0 
 
33,051 
 
13.5 
 
11,765 
 
35.6 
Other services  
30,841 
 
11.0 
 
30,247 
 
12.2 
 
594 
 
2.0 
Energy 
30,220 
 
10.8 
 
24,460 
 
10.0 
 
5,760 
 
23.5 
Transport services 
17,746 
 
6.3 
 
7,702 
 
3.1 
 
10,044 
 
130.4 
Real Estate 
11,573 
 
4.1 
 
11,905 
 
4.8 
 
-332 
 
-2.8 
Hospitality  
7,327 
 
2.6 
 
12,205 
 
5.0 
 
-4,878 
 
-40.0 
Agriculture 
6,136 
 
2.2 
 
2,967 
 
1.2 
 
3,169 
 
106.8 
Building industry 
380 
 
0.1 
 
3,120 
 
1.3 
 
-2,740 
 
-87.8 
Government agencies, 
families and others 
15,037 
 
5.4 
 
13,512 
 
5.5 
 
1,525 
 
11.3 
Financial corporations 
and banks 
15.600 
 
5.6 
 
1,297 
 
0.5 
 
14,303 
 
1,102.8 
Total 
280,911 
 
100.0 
 
245,692 
 
100.0 
 
35,220 
 
14.3 
 
Credit granted by geographical area 
 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
Change 
 
 
2021 
 
2020 
 
 
 
(Euro 
thousands) 
 
(%) 
 
(Euro 
thousands) 
 
(%) 
 
(Euro 
thousands) 
 
(%) 
Trentino 
 
41,615 
 
14.8 
 
49,306 
 
20.1 
 
-7,690 
 
-15.6 
South Tyrol 
 
37,652 
 
13.4 
 
25,438 
 
10.4 
 
+12,214 
 
+48.0 
Veneto 
 
87,602 
 
31.2 
 
78,911 
 
32.1 
 
+8,691 
 
+11.0 
Emilia Romagna 
 
49,577 
 
17.6 
 
49,515 
 
20.2 
 
+62 
 
+0.1 
Lombardy 
 
41,278 
 
14.7 
 
32,061 
 
13.0 
 
+9,217 
 
+28.7 
Other areas 
 
23,187 
 
8.3 
 
10,462 
 
4.3 
 
+12,725 
 
+121.
6 
Total 
 
280,911 
 
100.0 
 
245,692 
 
100.0 
 
+35,219 
 
+14.3 
 
From a territorial point of view, the credit lines are mostly concentrated in Veneto (31.2%), followed by 
Trentino-South Tyrol with 28.2%, Emilia Romagna (17.6%), Lombardy (14.7%) and the Other Regions 
with a residual 8.3%. Trentino-South Tyrol saw an overall growth in forbearance measures, with a 
reduction in the province of Trento by €7.7 million (or 15.6%) largely offset by an increase in the 
South Tyrol area by €12.2 million (or 48.0%), as a result of the renewed synergy with local 
cooperative credit. Significant increases were also recorded in the other areas (partly in companies in 
the energy sector headed by regional businesses), while in Emilia Romagna credit lines remained 
stable.  
With regard to the granting of loans to non-financial corporations (up by €19.4 million or 8.4%), the 
most significant increases were recorded in the commercial services sectors (up by €11.8 million or 
35.6%) and transport (up by €10.0 million or 130.4%) and, to a lesser extent, in energy (up by €5.8 
million or 23.5%) and agriculture (up by €3.2 million or 106.8%). The other services and construction 
sectors remained substantially stable. On the other hand, decreases were recorded in other sectors,

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
 
in particular in the tourism sector (down by €4.9 million or 40.0%) and real estate activities (down by 
€2.7 million or 87.8%). There was also a significant increase in the area of loan forbearance 
measures to financial corporations (up by €14.3 million or 1,102.8%), largely directed to local 
companies and counterparties. 
Management believes that, as a result of the Issuer's customer profile and the geographical 
distribution of its portfolio, high risk concentration is reduced, as further evidenced by a relatively low 
loan exposure.  
As at 31 December 2021, the Issuer had no significant customers outside of Italy.  
Exposure towards banks 
As at 31 December 2021 the Issuer had total exposure towards banks of €26.2 million, represented 
by time deposits and bonds issued by banks. The geographical distribution of exposure towards 
banks is entirely concentrated in Italy.  
Loans to customers 
The following tables show miscellaneous breakdowns of the Issuer’s loans and advances to 
customers as at 31 December 2021 and 2020. Financial assets designated at fair value through other 
comprehensive income, both in the form of debt securities and loans, are subject to checking the 
significant increase in credit risk (impairment) required by IFRS 9, as are assets at amortised cost, 
with the consequent recording in the income statement of an adjustment to cover expected losses. 
More specifically, the classifications are as follows:  
• 
stage 1, i.e. on financial assets at the time of origination, where performing, and on instruments 
for which there has been no significant increase in credit risk compared to the initial recognition 
date: a 12-month expected loss is recorded at the initial recognition date and at each 
subsequent reporting date; and  
• 
stage 2, i.e. performing positions for which there has been a significant increase in credit risk 
compared to the date of initial recognition, and stage 3 (non-performing exposures), for which 
(in both cases) an expected loss is recorded over the life of the financial instrument.

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
 
The following table show the Issuer’s loans and advances to customers as at 31 December 2021 and 
2020, broken down according to class of borrowers.  
Loans and advances to customers by class of borrower 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
 
2020 
Type of transaction 
Stage 1  
and 2 
 
Stage 
3 
 
of which 
acquired 
or 
originated 
impaired 
 
Stage 1 
and 2 
 
Stage 
3 
 
of which 
acquired 
or 
originated 
impaired 
 
(Euro thousands) 
Debt securities: 
432,560 
 
462 
 
- 
 
438,593 
 
413 
 
- 
Public administrations 
396,273 
 
- 
 
- 
 
409,571 
 
- 
 
- 
Other financial corporations 
11,452 
 
- 
 
- 
 
10,155 
 
- 
 
- 
of which: insurance companies 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
Non-financial corporations 
24,834 
 
462 
 
- 
 
18,867 
 
413 
 
- 
Loans to: 
999,263 
 
21,610 
 
- 
 
1,005,573 
 
32,347 
 
- 
Public administrations 
52,611 
 
- 
 
- 
 
60,334 
 
- 
 
- 
Other financial corporations 
28,775 
 
457 
 
- 
 
21,903 
 
4,784 
 
- 
of which: insurance companies 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
Non-financial corporations 
883,037 
 
18,267 
 
- 
 
883,488 
 
23,659 
 
- 
Families 
34,840 
 
2,885 
 
- 
 
39,848 
 
3,904 
 
- 
Total 
1,431,823 
 
22,072 
 
- 
 
1,444,166 
 
32,760 
 
- 
 
The following tables show the Issuer’s loans and advances to customers as at 31 December 2021 
and 2020, broken down according to type of transaction.  
Loans and advances to customers by type of transaction 
 
For the year ended 31 December 2021 
 
Book value 
Fair value 
Type of transaction 
Stage 1  
and 2 
Stage 3 
of which: 
acquired or 
originated 
impaired 
Lev. 1 
Lev. 2 
Lev. 3 
Loans 
999,263 
21,610 
- 
- 
989,635 
33,401 
Current accounts 
8,408 
- 
- 
 
 
 
Repurchase agreements 
- 
- 
- 
 
 
 
Mortgages 
822,293 
20,205 
- 
 
 
 
Credit cards, personal loans 
including “one-fifth of salary 
deducted loan” 
- 
- 
- 
 
 
 
Lease financing1 
101,836 
1,380 
- 
 
 
 
Factoring 
- 
- 
- 
 
 
 
Other loans2 
66,725 
25 
- 
 
 
 
Debt securities  
432,560 
462 
- 
410,250 
31,484 
462 
Structured securities 
- 
- 
- 
 
 
 
Other debt securities3 
432,560 
462 
- 
410,250 
31,484 
462 
Total  
1,431,823 
22,072 
- 
410,250 
1,021,118 
33,864 
_____________ 
1.  The amount is net of the share disbursed utilising third parties’ funds in the amount of €2.6 million, included in the item 
“Other loans”. 
2.  The amount includes €6.9 million for performing turn-key building leasings. 
3.  The amount includes €396.3 million Government bonds, €5 million security issued by a finance company and €31.8 million 
of minibonds.  
 
Loans and advances to customers by type of transaction 
 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
Book value 
Fair value 
Type of transaction 
Stage 1  
and 2 
Stage 3 
of which: 
acquired or 
originated 
impaired 
Lev. 1 
Lev. 2 
Lev. 3

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
 
Loans 
1,005,573 
32,347 
- 
- 
1,000,735 
45,499 
Current accounts 
8,934 
- 
- 
 
 
 
Repurchase agreements 
- 
- 
- 
 
 
 
Mortgages 
831,520 
25,993 
- 
 
 
 
Credit cards, personal loans 
including “one-fifth of salary 
deducted loan” 
- 
- 
- 
 
 
 
Lease financing1 
77,304 
1,543 
- 
 
 
 
Factoring 
- 
- 
- 
 
 
 
Other loans2 
87,815 
4,811 
- 
 
 
 
Debt securities  
438,593 
413 
- 
431,452 
29,894 
413 
Structured securities 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Other debt securities 
438,593 
413 
- 
431,452 
29,894 
413 
Total  
1,444,166 
32,760 
- 
431,452 
1,030,629 
45,912 
_____________ 
1.  The amount is net of the share disbursed utilising third parties’ funds in the amount of €3.8 million, included in the item 
“Other loans”. 
2.  The amount includes €17.9 million for performing turn-key building leasings. 
3.  The amount includes €410 million Government bonds and €29 million of minibonds.  
 
The table below shows the Issuer’s secured balance-sheet exposures to customers as at 31 
December 2021 and 2020, broken down according to the type of security. 
Loans and advances to customers by type of security 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
 
2021 
 
2020 
 
 
(Euro 
thousands) 
 
(%) 
 
(Euro 
thousands) 
 
(%) 
Fully guaranteed loans 
 
421,076 
 
 
 
431,259 
 
 
Partially guaranteed loans 
 
409,905 
 
 
 
386,560 
 
 
Total fully and partially guaranteed loans 
 
830,982 
 
 
 
817,819 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mortgages 
 
326,784 
 
48.5 
 
360,879 
 
53.3 
Pledged by:  
 
29,904 
 
4.4 
 
18,910 
 
2.8 
 - Securities 
 
2,822 
 
0.4 
 
3,117 
 
0.5 
- Other collateral  
 
27,082 
 
4.0 
 
15,793 
 
2.3 
Guaranteed by:  
 
317,850 
 
47.1 
 
297,207 
 
43.9 
- Governments  
 
0 
 
0.0 
 
0 
 
0.0 
- Other public bodies  
 
2,875 
 
0.4 
 
3,228 
 
0.5 
- Banks  
 
233,155 
 
34.6 
 
211,483 
 
31.2 
- Other financial corporations 
 
3,593 
 
0.5 
 
2,768 
 
0.4 
- Other operators  
 
78,227 
 
11.6 
 
79,728 
 
11.8 
Total security on fully guaranteed loans 
and partially guaranteed loans 
 
674,538 
 
100.00 
 
676,996 
 
100.00

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
 
Balance-sheet exposures to banks and customers by maturity  
The tables below set forth the Issuer’s balance-sheet exposure to banks and customers as at 31 
December 2021 and 2020 broken down according to maturities. 
Balance sheet exposures to banks and customers by maturity 
 
As at 31 December 2021 
Items/Maturities  
On 
demand  
From  
1 to 7 
days  
 From 
 7 to 15 
days  
 From 15 
days to 1 
month  
From  
1 to 3 
months  
 From 
3 to 6 
months  
 From 6 
months 
to 1 year 
 From  
1 to 5 
years  
Beyond 
5 years  
Undetermined 
duration 
 
(Euro thousands) 
Cash assets  
72,956 
209 
11,135 
17,256 
31,526 
78,807 139,107 764,152 481,300 
2,837 
Government securities  
- 
- 
810 
- 
1,010 
1,538 
3,3575 197,972 224,000 
- 
Other debt securities  
- 
- 
164 
5,087 
499 
1,990 
2,642 
33,341 
23,309 
- 
Units in UCITS  
14,106 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Loans 
58,850 
209 
10,162 
12,169 
30,018 
75,280 133,108 532,839 233,991 
2,837 
- banks  
31,764 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2,837 
- customers  
27,086 
209 
10,162 
12,169 
30,018 
75,280 133,108 532,839 233,991 
- 
 
 
As at 31 December 2020 
Items/Maturities  
On 
demand 
From  
1 to 7 
days  
 From  
7 to 15 
days  
 From 15 
days to 1 
month  
 From  
1 to 3 
months  
 From  
3 to 6 
months  
 From 6 
months 
to 1 year 
 From  
1 to 5 
years  
Over 5 
years  
Undetermined 
duration 
 
(Euro thousands) 
Cash assets  
60,292 
10,115 
13,228 
2,669 
29,803 
88,544 122,703 734,165 585,715 
2.425 
Government securities  
- 
- 
837 
- 
1,392 
16,862 
3,813 139,972 318,500 
- 
Other debt securities  
- 
- 
6,242 
77 
5,353 
1,932 
2,379 
36,379 
14,489 
- 
Units in UCITS.  
12,231 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Loans 
48,061 
10,115 
6,149 
2,592 
23,058 
69,750 116,511 557,814 252,726 
2,425 
- banks  
19,227 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2,425 
- customers  
28,834 
10,115 
6,149 
2,592 
23,058 
69,750 116,511 557,814 252,726 
- 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Large loans 
The Bank of Italy’s regulations defines "large risks" as the net weighted exposure, in relation to both 
loans and guarantees, to primary business groups where the amount is in excess of 10 per cent. of 
the regulatory capital available at a given time. With regard to “large risks”, in accordance with current 
legislation, the table below shows the situation as at 31 December 2021 and 2020. 
Large loans 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
 
2021 
 
2020 
Counterparty 
 
Nominal 
 
Weighted 
 
Nominal 
 
Weighted 
 
 
(Euro thousands) 
Government 
 
439,847 
 
- 
 
501,980 
 
- 
Bank of Italy 
 
20,000 
 
20,000 
 
 
 
 
Banks 
 
62,468 
 
62,468 
 
37,923 
 
37,923 
Ordinary customers 
 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
Total 
 
522,315 
 
82,468 
 
539,903 
 
37,923 
 
Exposures to Governments refer for the entire amount to securities eligible for refinancing with the 
European Central Bank. The exposure to the Bank of Italy represents an equity investment in the 
share capital of the same. The Issuer has no large exposures to ordinary customers.

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
 
Non-performing loans 
Under the Bank of Italy’s new system of classification, non performing loans have been categorised 
as follows:  
• 
Bad Loans (crediti in sofferenza) are exposures to debtors that are in a state of insolvency due 
to being unable to pay their debts, where there is a failure to comply with a debt restructuring 
plan, previously agreed upon, or where insolvency proceedings have been commenced, or 
there are other adverse circumstances. For Bad Loans, the valuation is performed on individual 
positions based on a qualitative and quantitative analysis of the borrower's financial position, 
the riskiness of the credit relationship, possible mitigating factors (collateral) and taking into 
account the financial impact of the estimated recovery time. 
• 
Unlikely to pay loans (inadempienze probabili): (aside from those included among bad loans) 
are those exposures in respect of which banks believe the debtors are unlikely to meet their 
contractual obligations in full unless action such as the enforcement of guarantees is taken. For 
Unlikely to pay loans, the valuation is based on a qualitative and quantitative analysis of the 
borrower’s financial position and on precise assessment of the risk situation. 
• 
Non performing past due loans (esposizioni scadute deteriorate): (aside from those classified 
among bad loans and unlikely-to-pay exposures) are those exposures that are past-due by 
more than 90 days and for above a predefined amount. Exposures classified amongst “past-
due loans” automatically become performing when payment is received.  
As at 31 December 2021, gross impaired loans were down, compared to the end of 2020, by €17.5 
million (or 26.5%): in detail, the doubtful portfolio decreased by €9.6 million or 23.7% and unlikely to 
pay loans fell by €7.7 million or 30.7%. 
The following tables show the situation of impaired loans and a comparison with 31 December 2020. 
 
As at 31 December 2021 
 
Gross 
exposure 
Overall 
adjustment  
Net 
exposure 
% of gross 
loans 
% of net 
loans 
% 
coverage 
 
(in thousands of Euro) 
(%) 
Non-performing loans 
48,408 
26,336 
22,072 
4.4 
2.1 
54.4 
- bad 
30,897 
18,577 
12,320 
2.8 
1.2 
60.1 
- unlikely to pay 
17,332 
7,747 
9,585 
1.6 
0.9 
44.7 
- past due 
179 
12 
167 
0.0 
0.0 
6.5 
Performing loans(1) 
1,048,563 
16,691 
1,031,872 
95.6 
97.9 
1.6 
Total loans  
1,096,971 
43,027 
1,053,944 
100.0 
100.0 
3.9 
 
 
As at 31 December 2020 
 
Gross 
exposure 
Overall 
adjustment  
Net 
exposure 
% of gross 
loans 
% of net 
loans 
% 
coverage 
 
(in thousands of Euro) 
(%) 
Non-performing loans 
65,897 
33,137 
32,760 
5.9 
3.1 
50.3 
- bad 
40,491 
22,059 
18,433 
3.6 
1.7 
54.5 
- unlikely to pay 
25,002 
11,048 
13,954 
2.2 
1.3 
44.2 
- past due 
403 
30 
373 
0.0 
0.0 
7.5 
Performing loans(1) 
1,045,608 
9,735 
1,035,573 
94.1 
96.9 
0.9 
Total loans  
1,111,506 
42,872 
1,068,634 
100.0 
100.0 
3.9 
_______________ 
(1) 
The data include receivables for cash reserves relating to securitisations that did not pass the SPPI test and that are 
shown in the balance sheet under item 20.c of assets for €1.3 million both in 2020 and in 2021.

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
 
The situation outlined above, in the presence of substantial stability in gross performing loans to 
customers (up by 0.3%), shows a decrease in the incidence of impaired loans compared to the total of 
the overall loan portfolio from 5.9% at the end of 2020 to 4.4%. The figure net of value adjustments 
decreased from 3.1% to 2.1%, while the degree of coverage of the overall portfolio was further 
strengthened (from 50.3% to 54.4%): in particular, the coverage of bad loans rose from 54.5% to 
60.1% and that of unlikely to pay loans from 44.2% to 44.7%. The situation of past due exposures 
remained relatively insignificant. 
Asset quality of loans 
Bad loans 
Bad loans gross of write-downs amounted to €30.9 million as at 31 December 2021, down by €9.6 
million in comparison to the previous year end. The trend was characterised by approximately €2.2 
million of new doubtful loans, €5.1 million of write-offs and €7.9 million of collections and disposals. 
Geographically speaking, bad loans were mostly concentrated in Trentino and Veneto (29.6% and 
25.1%, respectively); followed by Lombardy (17.0%) and Other Regions (10.8%). There was, 
however, a significant transversal decrease in all areas, the most significant being in Emilia Romagna 
(down by €3.6 million or 57.1%). South Tyrol remained almost stable (down by €0.1 million or 3.8%), 
while in other areas there were reductions of between 14.5% and 22.7%. 
Bad loans, net of value adjustments, amounted to €12.3 million, down €6.1 million compared to the 
figure in December 2020. The ratio of net bad loans to total net loans to customers was 1.2%, down 
compared to 1.7% at the end of the previous financial year, while the ratio gross of value adjustments 
went from 3.6% in 2020 to 2.8%. The level of coverage of bad loans was 60.1%, up on the 
percentage at the end of 2020 (54.5%). 
Unlikely to pay loans 
The unlikely to pay category gross of write-downs amounted to €17.3 million, down by €7.7 million or 
30.7% compared to the end of 2020. The trend was characterised by a net outflow to bad loans of 
€1.7 million, €4.6 million of new unlikely to pay loans and approximately €10.5 million of collections 
and write-offs. 
At geographical level, generalised decreases are highlighted, particularly significant in Trentino-South 
Tyrol (down by €11.4 million or 61.2%). In contrast to this trend, only Emilia Romagna showed an 
increase (up by €4.1 million or 134.5%) linked to the deterioration of two positions of significant 
amount, one active in the hotel sector and the other in the renewable energy sector.  
The unlikely to pay category, net of value adjustments, totalled €9.6 million, down by 31.3% compared 
to 31 December 2020. The ratio of net unlikely to pay loans to total net loans to customers was 0.9% 
compared to 1.3% at the end of the previous period. 
Past due loans 
Net of value adjustments, past due loans totalled €0.2 million, more than halved compared to 31 
December 2020 (down 55.1%). The ratio of past due loans to total net loans was immaterial.

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
 
The following table sets forth the flow of new bad loans balance-sheet exposures to customers, 
provisions and recoveries, for the year ended 31 December 2021. 
 
Year ended 31 December 2021 
 
(thousands of Euro) 
Reasons/Categories 
Bad loans 
 
Unlikely to 
pay 
 Non-performing 
past due 
exposures 
Opening balance  
40,491 
 
25,002 
 
403 
- of which: exposures sold and not derecognised  
- 
 
- 
 
- 
Increases  
3,434 
 
5,043 
 
99 
- transfers from performing loans 
371 
 
4,620 
 
87 
- transfers from acquired or originated non performing 
financial assets 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
- transfers from other categories of non performing 
exposures  
1,871 
 
- 
 
- 
- amendments to contracts without derecognitions 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
- other increases(1) 
1,192 
 
423 
 
12 
Decreases  
13,028 
 
12,713 
 
323 
- transfers to performing exposures  
- 
 
520 
 
- write-off 
3,108 
 
- 
 
4 
- collections(1)  
6,608 
 
1,784 
 
140 
- sale proceeds  
1,267 
 
5,633 
 
- 
- losses on disposal 
2,043 
 
3,083 
 
- 
- transfers to other categories of non performing 
exposures  
- 
 
1,692 
 
179 
- amendments to contracts without derecognitions 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
- other decreases  
2 
 
1 
 
0 
Closing balance  
30,897 
 
17,332 
 
179 
- of which: exposures sold and not derecognised  
- 
 
- 
 
- 
_______________ 
(1) 
The column bad loans also includes €512 thousand related to collections of bad loans completed in the previous years as 
per the instructions of the Bank of Italy (Circular No. 262/2005). 
 
Securities 
The following table shows the portfolio of the Issuer’s debt securities held as part of treasury activities 
as at 31 December 2021 and 2020. 
Amounts of portfolio of debt securities 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2021 
 
2020 
 
(thousands of Euro) 
Issuer 
N.V. 
Amortised 
cost 
Fair 
Value 
 
N.V. 
Amortised 
cost 
Fair 
Value 
Held to Collect Business model 
409,972 
424,698 
434,387 
 
414,972 
432,954 
455,389 
Governments 
381,972 
396,336 
405,256 
 
391,972 
409,655 
431,452 
Banks 
23,000 
23,363 
24,137 
 
23,000 
23,299 
23,937 
Held to Collect & Sell Business model 
45,000 
46,923 
47,908 
 
93,400 
100,747 
103,509 
Governments 
40,000 
42,737 
43,577 
 
82,500 
89,655 
92,409 
European Investment Bank 
5,000 
4,186 
4,331 
 
0 
0 
0 
Banks 
0 
0 
0 
 
10,900 
11,092 
11,100 
Total 
454,972 
471,621 
482,295 
 
508,372 
533,701 
558,898

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
 
The bonds issued by banks have a residual average life of 2 years, the bond loan issued by the EIB 
(in USD) has a residual life of 9.1 years, while government securities (Italian State bonds) have a 
residual average life of 6.2 years. 82% of the portfolio is represented by fixed rate securities, 18% by 
floating rate securities and 1% by inflation-linked securities. 
The table below shows the investment and trading portfolios of the Issuer at 31 December 2021 and 
2020, broken down according to the type of securities. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2021 
 
2020 
 
(thousands of Euro) 
Debt securities 
47,908 
103,509 
Central banks 
- 
- 
Public administrations 
43,577 
92,409 
Banks  
4,331 
11,100 
Other financial corporations  
- 
- 
of which insurance companies 
- 
- 
Non-financial corporations  
- 
- 
Equity securities 
56,589 
45,527 
Banks  
28,838 
22,241 
Other issuers  
27,751 
23,286 
- financial corporations  
13,143 
9,701 
of which insurance companies 
6,534 
5,012 
- non-financial corporations  
14,608 
13,585 
- others  
- 
- 
Loans 
- 
- 
Central banks 
- 
- 
Public administrations 
- 
- 
Banks  
- 
- 
Other financial corporations  
- 
- 
of which insurance companies 
- 
- 
Non-financial corporations  
- 
- 
Families  
- 
- 
Total  
104,497 
149,036 
 
Subsidiaries and Minority Shareholdings  
As at 31 December 2021 the Issuer held the entire share capital of Paradisidue S.r.l., which manages 
the acquisition and allocation of real estate over which security is created in order to secure the 
Issuer's defaulting loans granted to other companies.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
 
The Issuer’s other investments in shares are shown in the table below.  
Name of company 
Shareholding 
(%) 
Enercoop S.r.l. – Trento 
15.00 
GPI S.p.A. - Trento 
0.82 
Fine Foods & Pharmaceuticals NTM S.p.A. – Zingonia (BG) 
0.39 
T5 S.r.l. - Milano 
6.88 
Gibus S.p.A. Saccolongo (PD) 
1.25 
Iniziative Bresciane - Brescia 
1.08 
Aquafil S.p.A. – Arco (TN) 
0.24 
Hotel Lido Palace S.p.A. - Riva del Garda 
4.84 
Jonix S.p.A. Tribano (PD) 
0,76 
Casasold S.p.A – Verona 
0.66 
 
Funding 
The following table shows a breakdown of the flow of funds to the Issuer from banks and customers 
for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020. 
Flow of funds 
Year ended 31 December 
2021 
 
2020 
(Euro 
thousands) 
 
(%) 
 
(Euro 
thousands) 
 
(%) 
 Bonds 
75,500 
10.3 
 
150,000 
 
15.7 
 Funds from banks 
522,048 
71.1 
 
644,330 
 
67.6 
- EIB funds 
88 
0.0 
 
39,6 
 
4.2 
- ECB funds 
519,460 
70.7 
 
472,230 
 
49.5 
- other medium/long term bonds 
2,500 
0.3 
 
132,500 
 
13.9 
- current accounts and short-term deposits 
- 
0.0 
 
- 
 
0.0 
 Funds from customers 
137,072 
18.7 
 
158,745 
 
16.7 
- CDP funds 
250 
0.0 
 
30,985 
 
3.3 
- funds from third parties 
- 
0.0 
 
120 
 
0.0 
- corporate/retail demand deposits(1) 
26,934 
3.7 
 
35,310 
 
3.7 
- corporate and retail time deposits(2) 
109,888 
15.0 
 
92,330 
 
9.7 
 Total 
734,620 
100.0 
 
953,075 
 
100.0 
______________ 
(1) The amount includes €4.8 million relating to the Conto Rifugio online account. 
(2) The amount includes €64.4 million relating to the Conto Rifugio online account

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
 
The following table shows a breakdown of the overall amounts of borrowing as at 31 December 2021 
and 2020. 
Overall amounts of borrowing operations (in thousands of Euros) 
As at 31 December 
2021 
 
2020 
(Euro 
thousands) 
 
(%) 
 
(Euro 
thousands) 
 
(%) 
 Bonds 
322,396 
 
22.1 
 
271,847 
 
17.9 
 Funds from banks 
705,545 
 
48.3 
 
847,149 
 
55.8 
- EIB funds 
76,768 
 
5.3 
 
87,123 
 
5.7 
- ECB funds 
519,384 
 
35.6 
 
471,722 
 
31.1 
- other medium/long term bonds 
84,099 
 
5.8 
 
228,153 
 
15.0 
- current accounts and short-term deposits 
25,294 
 
1.7 
 
60,151 
 
4.0 
 Funds from customers 
432,447 
 
29.6 
 
399,774 
 
26.3 
- CDP funds 
43,978 
 
3.0 
 
58,730 
 
3.9 
- funds from third parties 
23,407 
 
1.6 
 
28,315 
 
1.9 
- corporate/retail demand deposits and c/a(1) 
171,335 
 
11.7 
 
183,242 
 
12.1 
- corporate and retail time deposits(2) 
193,727 
 
13.3 
 
129,487 
 
8.5 
 Total 
1,460,388 
 
100.0 
 
1,518,770 
 
100.0 
______________ 
(1) The amount includes €9.2 million relating to the Conto Rifugio online account. 
(2) The amount includes €80.4 million relating to the Conto Rifugio online account 
 
The following tables set out the Issuer’s funding as at 31 December 2021 and 2020 broken down 
according to maturity and funding source. 
 
As at 31 December 2021 
Items/Maturities  
On 
demand  
From 
1 to 7 
days  
 From  
7 to 15 
days  
 From 15 
days to 1 
month  
 From  
1 to 3 
months  
 From  
3 to 6 
months  
 From 6 
months to 
1 year  
 From  
1 to 5 
years  
Beyond 
5 years  
Undetermined 
duration 
 
(thousands of Euro) 
Cash liabilities  
196,691 
16,843 
1,703 
9,325 
45,672 
44,450 
226,682 
886,169 
38,625 
- 
Deposits and current accounts 
196,577 
16,843 
1,703 
9,145 
40,019 
27,756 
33,324 
65,742 
- 
- 
- banks  
25,294 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- customers  
171,283 
16,843 
1,703 
9,145 
40,019 
27,756 
33,324 
65,742 
- 
- 
Debt securities  
- 
- 
- 
180 
- 
2,2121 
97,031 
225,500 
- 
- 
Other liabilities  
114 
- 
- 
- 
5,564 14,4827 
96,327 
594,928 
38,625 
- 
 
 
As at 31 December 2020 
Items/Maturities  
On 
demand  
From 
1 to 7 
days  
 From  
7 to 15 
days  
 From 15 
days to 1 
month  
 From  
1 to 3 
months  
 From  
3 to 6 
months  
 From 6 
months to 
1 year  
 From  
1 to 5 
years  
Beyond 
5 years  
Undetermined 
duration 
 
(thousands of Euro) 
Cash liabilities  
209,455 
31,864 
20,011 
51,317 
57,492 
30,812 
90,401 
985,626 
47,106 
- 
Deposits and current accounts 
208,250 
31,864 
20,011 
158 
12,722 
16,206 
17,410 
66,214 
- 
- 
- banks  
25,154 
15,000 
19,996 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- customers  
183,096 
16,864 
15 
158 
12,722 
16,206 
17,410 
66,214 
- 
- 
Debt securities  
- 
- 
- 
158 
- 
1,967 
2,497 
269,883 
- 
- 
Other liabilities  
1,205 
- 
- 
51,011 
44,770 
12,639 
70,494 
647,529 
47,106 
-

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
 
Capital ratios 
With the acknowledgement in Italy of Directive 2013/36/EU (CRD IV) and in compliance with the 
provisions of the EBA with the Guidelines on common SREP, the Bank of Italy, having concluded its 
regular supervisory review process (SREP), revised the Issuer’s capital ratios, requesting additional 
capital with respect to the minimum regulatory requirements.  
Moreover, since 1 January 2019, the minimum requirements increased by 0.625% as a result of the 
end of the transition period for the gradual introduction of the Capital Conservation Buffer measure 
envisaged by CRD IV. 
Since 1 January 2019, the Issuer has been required to meet the following capital requirements on an 
ongoing basis: 
• 
a CET1 ratio of 7.38%, including a capital conservation buffer of 2.50% - this ratio is binding at 
4.88%, comprising a minimum of 4.50% and 0.38% under additional SREP requirements; 
• 
a Tier 1 ratio of 9.01%, including a capital conservation buffer of 2.50% - this ratio is binding at 
6.51%, comprising a minimum of 6.00% and 0.51% under additional SREP requirements; and  
• 
a Total Capital ratio of 11.19%, including a capital conservation buffer of 2.50% - this ratio is 
binding at 8.69%, comprising a minimum of 8.00% and 0.69% under additional SREP 
requirements. 
The following table shows the Issuer’s capital ratios as at 31 December 2021 and 2020. 
 
As at 31 December  
 
2021 
 
2020 
 
2021  
 
2020 
(thousands of Euro) 
 
Non Weighted  
amounts 
 
Weighted amounts 
Credit risk and counterparty risk 
1,693,965 
1,736,916 
710,495
742,095 
Standardised approach 
1,689,298 
1,731,967  
710,400
710,480 
Internal ratings-based approach 
 
 
 
Securitisations 
4,667 
4,949  
95 
5,614 
Market risk and settlement risk 
 
4,351  
- 
Operational risk 
 
43,868 
40,814 
Other specific risk 
 
 
Risk-weighted assets 
758,714  
782,908 
Regulatory capital requirements 
60,697  
62,633 
CET1/Risk-weighted assets (CET1 capital ratio) 
24.94  
23.04 
Tier 1 capital/Risk-weighted assets (Tier 1 capital ratio) 
24.94  
23.04 
Total own funds/Risk-weighted assets (Total capital ratio)  
24.94  
23.04 
 
Ratings 
In January 2022, Moody's improved the Issuer's deposit rating level from Baa3 to Baa2. On the same 
occasion, the outlook on the issuer rating (Ba1) was changed from negative to stable. Accordingly, as 
at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer’s credit ratings assigned by Moody’s are as follows:  
• 
Long-term deposits: Baa2 (stable); 
• 
Short-term deposits: P-2; and 
• 
Long-term issuer rating: Ba1 (stable).

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
 
Employees 
As at 31 December 2021 the Issuer had 85 employees, three more than at the previous year end. At 
the same date, 81 per cent. of the Issuer's staff was based at the Issuer's Trento headquarters, while 
the remaining personnel were divided among the various branches. 
Litigation 
The Issuer is a party to litigation in the normal course of its business and is subject to tax 
investigations.  
The risks associated with litigation involving the Issuer are constantly monitored by the Legal 
Department. Where a legal and accounting analysis shows the possibility of a negative outcome with 
a possible outflow of financial resources, the Issuer shall put aside sufficient allocations to the 
provisions for risks and charges as a precaution, based on an estimate as reliable as possible, as well 
as implement settlement policies, if possible. 
Although it is difficult to determine the outcome of the litigation and investigations with certainty, the 
Issuer's management is confident that, in respect of any liabilities that may arise, adequate provisions 
have been made in the Issuer's financial statements and such liabilities, if any, are unlikely, as a 
whole, to have a material adverse effect on the Issuer or its financial condition or results of 
operations. The Issuer is not involved in any legal or arbitration proceedings with employees. 
Strategy 
The Issuer’s mission is confirmed, which remains focused on providing financial and advisory services 
to SMEs, particularly in the manufacturing and services sectors, on project finance to cover projects in 
the energy and infrastructure sectors, and on supporting investments by public bodies as part of 
public-private partnership initiatives. 
The areas of priority interest are and will continue to be Trentino-Alto Adige, Veneto, Emilia-Romagna 
and Lombardy, with more rare interventions in the rest of Italy - linked, however, to customers in the 
north-east of Italy - through coverage of the Trento and Bolzano offices and the Treviso, Padua, 
Brescia and Bologna branches. 
Particular attention and sensitivity will be paid to the most significant investments in the Trentino-Alto 
Adige Region, both in terms of typical industrial investments by SMEs and investments by companies 
that manage strategic infrastructures necessary for the development of the territory, such as 
cableways, tourism and hotel initiatives, hydroelectric plants and public utility works.  
Mediocredito, in addition to traditional medium-long term credit instruments, will seek to encourage 
the strengthening of risk capital of customers with possible direct intervention with minority equity or 
with consulting activities aimed at encouraging the opening of capital to the stock market, especially in 
the AIM segment of the Italian Stock Exchange, which is undergoing strong growth and is suitable for 
the size of SMEs. 
The development of advisory and underwriting activities for minibonds also goes in the direction of 
improving the financial skills of our SMEs, which are necessary and preparatory to the decision to 
open up to the capital market. 
The Issuer also aims to strengthen retail funding with deposits, in particular online - Conto Rifugio - 
and bonds, and to consolidate and strengthen relations with the South Tyrolean Raiffeisen banks in 
this area as well.

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
 
Finally, the Issuer is aware of its role and of the environmental and social impact of its activities. It is 
therefore committed, throughout the entire strategic plan, to identifying actions and objectives 
consistent with these aspects.  
Share Capital and Shareholders 
Share capital 
As at 31 December 2021, the Issuer's outstanding share capital amounted to €58,484,608 fully paid-
up, divided into 112,470,400 ordinary shares of nominal value €0.52 each. There have been no 
changes to the Issuer’s share capital since 31 December 2021. 
Shareholders 
The following table shows the Issuer's principal shareholders as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Shareholder 
Shareholding 
(%) 
Autonomous Region of Trentino Alto Adige 
17.489 
Autonomous Province of Trento 
17.489 
Autonomous Province of Bolzano 
17.489 
Sub-total for public shareholders: 
52.466 
Casse Rurali Raiffeisen Finanziaria S.p.A. (also known as CRR-FIN S.p.A.)(*) 
35.292 
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell’Alto Adige S.p.A 
2.896 
Centromarca Banca - Credito Cooperativo di Treviso e Venezia  
0.231 
BCC di Roma - Società Cooperativa  
0.213 
BCC di Venezia Padova e Rovigo-Banca Annia 
0.192 
Banca per lo Sviluppo della Cooperazione di Credito 
0.178 
BVR Banca Credito Cooperativo di Schio, Pedemonte, Roana e Vestenanova 
0.107 
Banca del Veneto Centrale Credito Cooperativo 
0.078 
Banca della Marca Credito Cooperativo 
0.071 
Cassa Padana BCC – Società Cooperativa 
0.064 
Banca Veronese Credito Cooperativo di Concamarise. 
0.043 
Banca Prealpi San Biagio Credito Cooperativo 
0.043 
Federazione Trentina della Cooperazione  
0.043 
Federazione Del Nord –Est Credito Cooperativo Italiano 
0.043 
Cassa Centrale Banca - Credito Cooperativo Italiano S.p.A.  
0.001 
Sub-total for cooperative banks: 
39.536 
Cassa di Risparmio di Bolzano S.p.A. 
7.802 
ITAS S.p.A.(**) 
0.196 
Veneto Banca S.p.A. in L.C.A. 
0.085 
Sub-total for other shareholders: 
7.998 
Total 
100.00 
________________ 
(*)  
Jointly controlled by Cassa Centrale Banca – Credito Cooperativo Italiano S.p.A. and Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell’Alto 
Adige S.p.A. 
(**) 
Insurance company.  
 
Management 
Board of Directors 
The Issuer is managed by a Board of Directors which, according to its by-laws, must be composed of 
not less than 11 and not more than 13 members. The ordinary shareholders' meeting of the Issuer 
determines the number of directors on the Board and appoints directors for a three-year term. The 
Issuer's directors can be re-elected, but may be removed in accordance with applicable laws. The 
shareholders' meeting of the Issuer also appoints the Chairman and Deputy Chairman. The Board of

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
 
Directors may delegate its powers to an Executive Committee which currently has not been appointed 
by the Issuer 
Meetings of the Board of Directors of the Issuer take place at the registered office of the Issuer and 
are convened by the Chairman, or a person acting in his place, who is required to set the agenda for 
the meeting. A minimum of one-third of the members of Board of Directors of the Issuer may convene 
an extraordinary meeting, indicating the items on the agenda. The Board of Directors usually meets 
twice a month. 
The Board of Directors is invested with all the powers for ordinary and extraordinary administration 
and may carry out all necessary and appropriate actions within the scope of the Issuer's corporate 
object, except for those actions which, by law or according to the Issuer's by-laws, can only be 
approved by a shareholders' meeting of the Issuer. 
Decisions concerning the following matters are the exclusive responsibility of the Board of Directors:  
• 
developing general management strategies; 
• 
appointing or removing the General Manager and other executives (dirigenti) and determining 
their powers and duties; 
• 
approving internal administrative rules; and 
• 
deciding on acquisitions and disposals of shareholdings, as well as appointing members to the 
board of directors of subsidiaries and associated companies of the Issuer. 
The table below sets forth certain information regarding the members of the Issuer's Board of 
Directors as at the date of this Base Prospectus, who were appointed at the shareholders' meeting on 
26 April 2021 (except for Emiliano Trainotti appointed at the shareholders’ meeting on 31 May 2021). 
Name 
Position 
Principal activities outside the Issuer 
Stefano Mengoni 
Chairman 
Lawyer  
Hanspeter Felder  
Deputy Chairman 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Cassa 
Centrale Raiffeisen dell’Alto Adige S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Cassa 
Raiffeisen Brunico Soc. Coop. 
Director of Raiffeisen Information Service Società 
Consortile a.r.l.. 
Cristiana Angeli 
Director 
Delegated Officer of Promocoop Trentina S.p.A. 
Paul Gasser 
Director 
Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors of Assimoco 
S.p.A 
Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors of Assimoco 
Vita S.p.A. 
Attorney of Federazione Cooperative Raiffeisen Soc. 
Coop. 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Fondazione 
Haydn di Bolzano e Trento 
Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors of Konverto 
S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Raiffeisen 
Servizi Assicurativi S.r.l 
Directors of Sprint Italia S.r.l.

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
 
Name 
Position 
Principal activities outside the Issuer 
Zenone Giacomuzzi 
Director 
Director of Casse Rurali-Raiffeisen Finanziaria S.p.A. 
General Manager of Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen 
dell’Alto Adige S.p.A. 
Director of Centrale Trading S.r.l. 
Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors of Raiffeisen 
Servizi Assicurativi S.r.l. 
Alessandro Lunelli 
Director 
Director of Bisol Desiderio & Figli S.r.l. 
Director of Ferrari F.lli Lunelli S.p.A 
Director of FT Energia S.p.A  
Director of Lunelli S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Signal S.p.A. 
Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors of Surgiva 
F.lli Lunelli S.p.A., 
Managing Director of Tenute Lunelli Società Agricola 
S.r.l 
Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors of Teuto 
S.r.l. 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Toxon S.p.A. 
Markus Reichhalter 
Director 
Statutory Auditor of Demaclenko It. S.r.l. 
Statutory Auditor of Hoppe S.p.A. 
Statutory Auditor of Lorenz Pan Immobiliare S.p.A. 
Statutory Auditor of Lorenz Pan S.p.A. 
Statutory Auditor of Cassa Raiffeisen Castelrotto-
Ortisei Società Cooperativa 
Statutory Auditor of Rehau S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Seppi 
M. S.p.A. 
Statutory Auditor of Wilo Italia S.r.l. 
Statutory Auditor of Wpp Wind Power Project S.p.A. 
Katrin Teutsch  
Director 
Statutory Auditor of Eco Center S.p.A. 
Statutory Auditor of SF Energy S.r.l. 
Emiliano Trainotti 
Director 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Asset Bassa Vallagarina S.r.l. 
Director of Cassa Rurale Vallagarina Banca di 
Credito Cooperativo  
Director of Promocoop Trentina S.p.A. 
Robert Zampieri 
Director 
Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors of Consorzio 
Formaggio Stelvio 
Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors of 
Federazione Cooperative Raiffeisen Soc. Coop. 
Director of Gastrofresh S.r.l. 
General Attorney of Latte Montagna Alto Adige 
Società Agricola Cooperativa 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Cassa 
Raiffeisen Bassa Atesina Società Cooperativa 
Managing Director of Stella Bianca S.r.l. 
Consigliere Delegato of Suedtirol Milch S.r.l. 
Marisa Zeni 
Director 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Eurostandard 
S.p.A. 
Director of Trentino Export Società Cooperativa

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
 
 
The General Manager of the Issuer is Diego Pelizzari, holding that position since 1 July 2016.  
The business address of each of the members of the Board of Directors as well as of the General 
Manager is the Issuer’s registered office. 
Board of Statutory Auditors 
Pursuant to Italian law, the shareholders of the Issuer appoint a Board of Statutory Auditors (Collegio 
Sindacale), composed of three independent experts on accounting matters. Under the Issuer's by-
laws, the shareholders of the Issuer also elect two Alternate Statutory Auditors, who will automatically 
replace Statutory Auditors that resign or are otherwise unable to serve. Statutory Auditors and 
Alternate Statutory Auditors hold office for a three-year term and may be re-elected. 
The following table sets forth certain information regarding the members of the Issuer's Board of 
Statutory Auditors as at the date of this Base Prospectus, who were appointed at the shareholders' 
meeting held on 26 April 2021 (except for Carlo Dallasega appointed at the shareholders’ meeting 
held on 31 May 2021). 
Name 
Position 
Principal activities outside the Issuer 
Patrick Bergmeister 
Chairman 
Statutory Auditor of Autostrada del Brennero S.p.A. 
Statutory Auditor of IIT Bolzano Società Consortile 
a.r.l. 
Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors of Yanovis 
S.r.l. 
Director of Napa S.r.l.s. 
Carlo Dellasega 
Regular Auditor 
- 
Hildegard Oberleiter 
Regular Auditor 
Statutory Auditor of Azienda Elettrica Dobbiaco 
S.p.A. 
Statutory Auditor of Azienda Pubbliservizi Brunico 
Ente Pubblico Economico  
Statutory Auditor of Bauexpert S.p.A. 
Statutory Auditor of Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen 
dell’Alto Adige S.p.A. 
Hubert Berger 
Alternate Auditor 
Statutory Auditor of Bonaldi Motori S.p.A. 
Statutory Auditor of Bonaldi Tech S.p.A. 
Statutory Auditor of Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen 
dell’Alto Adige S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Cassa 
Raiffeisen Merano Società Cooperativa 
Statutory Auditor of Euroca Italia S.p.A. 
Statutory Auditor of Funivie Ghiacciai Val Senales 
S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Raiffeisen Servizi Assicurativi S.r.l.  
Statutory Auditor of Raiffeisen Suedtirol IPS Società 
Cooperativa 
Statutory Auditor of Rinaldi S.p.A. 
Director of Cooperativa Frutticoltori Cofrum Società 
Agricola Cooperativa

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
 
Name 
Position 
Principal activities outside the Issuer 
Klaus Steckholzer 
Alternate Auditor 
Statutory Auditors of Casse Rurali-Raiffeisen 
Finanziaria S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Cassa 
Centrale Raiffeisen dell’Alto Adige S.p.A. 
Statutory Auditors of Centrale Prati Soc.Cons. a r.l. 
Statutory Auditors of Edilizia Wipptal S.p.A. 
Statutory Auditors of Konverto S.p.A. 
Statutory Auditors of Nuova Montecavallo S.r.l. 
Statutory Auditors of Pfiff Toys S.r.l. 
Statutory Auditors of Racines Giovo S.r.l. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Raiffeisen Information Service Società Consortile. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Cassa 
Raiffeisen Wipptal Soc. Coop. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Thermo Wipptal S.p.A. 
 
The business address of each of the members of the Board of Statutory Auditors is the Issuer’s 
registered office. 
Conflicts of interest 
The Issuer is not aware of any conflicts of interest between the duties to the Issuer of the members of 
the Board of Directors and of the Board of Statutory Auditors and their private interests or other 
professional duties. 
Independent Auditors 
KPMG S.p.A. was appointed at the shareholders' meeting of the Issuer on 18 April 2019 as auditor for 
the activity related to the auditing of the Issuer’s annual financial statements and the performance of a 
limited review on its semi-annual financial statements for the years 2019-2027. KPMG S.p.A. audited 
the annual financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 
2021, and rendered unqualified reports on both those financial statements. 
KPMG S.p.A. head office is at Via Vittor Pisani, 25, 20124 Milan and it is entered on Consob’s special 
register for auditing firms (Albo Speciale delle Società di Revisione) under No. 13.

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
The following tables contain statement of financial position and income statement information of the 
Issuer as at and for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020, derived from the Issuer’s audited 
annual financial statements as at and for the year ended 31 December 2021 and 2020. This 
information should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the 
Issuer’s audited annual financial statements as at and for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 
2020, together with the accompanying notes and auditors’ reports, all of which are incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. See "Information Incorporated by Reference".  
The annual financial statements referred to above have been prepared in accordance with IFRS and 
have been audited by the Issuer’s independent auditors, KPMG S.p.A. The Issuer’s financial 
statements are prepared on a non-consolidated basis, as the consolidation of its only subsidiary, 
Paradisidue S.r.l., is not considered significant to the improvement of disclosures provided in the 
financial statements, as provided under IFRS and related guidelines.  
Copies of all the above-mentioned annual financial statements of the Issuer are available for viewing 
as described in “Information Incorporated by Reference – Access to Documents” above.

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
 
MEDIOCREDITO TRENTINO-ALTO ADIGE S.p.A. 
AUDITED ANNUAL STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION 
 
Assets 
As at 31 December 
2021 
 
2020 
 
(Euro) 
Cash and cash equivalents 
32,305,793 
 
3,578 
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss  
17,310,506 
 
15,252,070 
a) financial assets held for trading 
405,053 
 
189,053 
b) financial assets measured at fair value 
- 
 
- 
c) other financial assets obligatorily measured at fair value 
16,905,453 
 
15,063,017 
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income 
104,496,962 
 
149,036,253 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost  
1,480,084,585 
 
1,521,858,923 
a) loans and advances to banks 
26,189,176 
 
44,932,385 
b) loans and advances to customers 
1,453,895,409 
 
1,476,926,538 
Equity investments 
335,700 
 
335,700 
Property, plant and equipment  
8,424,968 
 
8,861,617 
Intangible assets 
73,655 
 
90,692 
of which: 
 
 
 
- goodwill 
- 
 
- 
Tax assets 
13,755,478 
 
15,910,899 
a) current 
145,200 
 
1,655,267 
b) deferred 
13,610,278 
 
14,255,632 
pursuant to Law no. 214/2011 
9,090,329 
 
9,309,881 
Non-current assets and groups of assets held for sale 
- 
 
- 
Other assets 
14,770,617 
 
5,162,623 
Total assets 
1,671,558,263 
 
1,716,512,355

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
 
MEDIOCREDITO TRENTINO-ALTO ADIGE S.p.A.  
AUDITED ANNUAL STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION (Cont’d) 
 
Equity and Liabilities 
As at 31 December 
2021 
 
2020 
 
(Euro) 
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost 
1,460,388,687 
 1,518,769,842 
a) due to banks 
705,544,894 
 
847,148,568 
b) due to customers 
432,447,344 
 
399,774,363 
c) debt securities in issue 
322,396,449 
 
271,846,911 
Financial liabilities held for trading 
380,130 
 
110,012 
Tax liabilities 
5,919,717 
 
5,985,001 
a) current 
137,250 
 
- 
b) deferred 
5,782,467 
 
5,985,001 
Other liabilities 
5,218,695 
 
4,038,707 
Provision for severance indemnity 
1,294,388 
 
1,436,702 
Provisions for risks and charges 
2,462,763 
 
2,288,039 
a) commitments and guarantees issued 
86,104 
 
76,976 
b) pension fund and similar provisions 
- 
 
- 
c) other provisions  
2,376,659 
 
2,211,063 
Valuation reserves  
13,506,467 
 
7,009,709 
Reserves 
87,589,963 
 
85,295,889 
Additional paid-in capital 
29,841,458 
 
29,841,458 
Share capital 
58,484,608 
 
58,484,608 
Net profit (loss) for the year (+/-) 
6,471,387 
 
3,252,388 
Total liabilities and equity 
1,671,558,263 
 1,716,512,355

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
 
MEDIOCREDITO TRENTINO-ALTO ADIGE S.p.A.  
AUDITED ANNUAL INCOME STATEMENT 
 
For the year ended 
31 December 
2021 
 
2020 
 
(Euro) 
Interest income and similar revenues 
32,769,893  
30,294,991 
of which: interest income calculated with the effective interest method 
32,361,782  29,740,510.37 
Interest expenses and similar charges  
(10,124,177)  
(10,799,872) 
Net interest income 
22,645,716  
19,495,119 
Fee and commission income 
2,549,220  
1,905,578 
Fee and commission expenses 
(650,033)  
(463,204) 
Net fee and commission income (expense) 
1,899,187  
1,442,374 
Dividend and similar income 
2,607,614  
1,369,994 
Net trading income 
155,398  
629 
Gains (losses) on disposal or repurchase of: 
2,734,378  
6,109,149 
a) financial assets measured at amortised cost 
2,095,873  
4,002,788 
b) financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income 
1,190,009 
 
2,090,056 
c) financial liabilities 
(551,504)  
16,305 
Net change in other financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value 
through profit or loss 
195,759 
 
(1,187,793) 
a) financial assets and liabilities designated at fair value 
-  
- 
b) other financial assets obligatorily designated at fair value 
195,759  
(1,187,793) 
Net interest and other banking income 
30,238,052  
27,229,472 
Net adjustments due to credit risk to: 
(9,729,823)  
(10,776,523) 
a) financial assets measured at amortised cost 
(9,740,082)  
(10,797,971) 
b) financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income 
10,259 
 
21,448 
Profits/losses from contractual changes without derecognitions 
(10,776)  
(41,577) 
Net income from financial activities 
20,497,453  
16,411,372 
Administrative costs: 
(11,483,344)  
(10,993,079) 
a) payroll 
(7,473,557)  
(7,282,506) 
b) other administrative costs 
(4,009,787)  
(3,710,573) 
Net provisions for risks and charges 
(408,557)  
(267,109) 
a) commitments and guarantees issued 
(9,128)  
(58,377) 
b) other net accruals 
(399,429)  
(208,732) 
Net adjustments to property, plant and equipment  
(503,104)  
(524,120) 
Net adjustments to intangible assets 
(26,674)  
(41,168) 
Other operating charges/income 
647,555  
403,216 
Operating costs 
(11,774,124)  
(11,422,260) 
Profit (loss) from equity investments 
-  
(470,000) 
Gains (losses) on disposal of investments 
(1,242)  
(1,566) 
Profit (loss) on current operations before income taxes 
8,722,087  
4,517,546 
Income taxes on current operations 
(2,250,700)  
(1,265,158) 
Profit (loss) from current operations after tax 
6,471,387  
3,252,388 
Profit (loss) from discontinued operations after tax  
-  
- 
Profit (loss) for the year 
6,471,387  
3,252,388

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain Italian tax considerations relating to the purchase, the 
ownership and the disposal of the Notes. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax 
considerations relating to the Notes and does not discuss every aspect of Italian taxation that may be 
relevant to a holder of the Notes if such holder is subject to special circumstances or if such holder is 
subject to special treatment under applicable law. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult 
their own tax advisers as to which countries’ tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and 
disposing of the Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the 
Notes and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries. This section is 
based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in 
law that may take effect after such date. 
This section is based upon Italian tax laws and practice in effect as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, which may be subject to change, potentially with retroactive effect. For Noteholders who 
are not resident in Italy for tax purposes, applicable tax treaties may reduce or nullify the tax rates set 
out below. 
Prospective Noteholders should consult their tax advisers as to the consequences under Italian tax 
law, under the tax laws of the country in which they are resident for tax purposes and of any other 
potentially relevant jurisdiction, of acquiring, holding and disposing of the Notes and receiving 
payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes, including in particular the effect 
of any State, regional or local tax laws. This section will not be updated to reflect changes in laws and 
if such a change occurs the information in this section could become invalid. 
Italian Tax Treatment of the Notes 
Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as amended and supplemented (“Decree No. 
239”), regulates the tax treatment of interest, premium and other income (including the difference 
between the redemption amount and the issue price) (hereinafter collectively referred to as “Interest”) 
from certain securities issued, inter alia, by Italian resident banks. The provisions of Decree No. 239 
apply to Notes issued by the Issuer that qualify as obbligazioni (bonds) or titoli similari alle 
obbligazioni (securities similar to bonds) pursuant to Article 44 of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 
December 1986, as amended and supplemented (“Decree No. 917”). Pursuant to Law Decree No. 
138 of 13 August 2011, converted into Law No. 148 of 14 September 2011 (“Decree No. 138”), the 
described tax treatment applies irrespective of the maturity date of the Notes. 
Taxation of Interest 
Italian resident Noteholders 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239 payments of Interest in respect of Notes qualifying as obbligazioni or titoli 
similari alle obbligazioni (securities similar to bonds) are subject to a final imposta sostitutiva at the 
rate of 26 per cent. if made to beneficial owners who are: (i) individuals resident in Italy for tax 
purposes not holding the Notes in connection with entrepreneurial activities; (ii) Italian resident 
partnerships (other than società in nome collettivo, società in accomandita semplice or similar 
partnerships), de facto partnerships not carrying out commercial activities and professional 
associations; (iii) Italian resident public and private entities, other than companies, and trusts not 
carrying out commercial activities; and (iv) investors exempt from Italian corporate income taxation; 
unless the Noteholders have entrusted the management of their financial assets, including the Notes, 
to an authorised intermediary and have opted for the Risparmio Gestito regime according to Article 7 
of Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997 (“Decree No. 461”)  (see “Capital gains” below)

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
 
In the event that the Noteholders described under (i) and (iii) above are engaged in entrepreneurial 
activities to which the Notes are connected, the imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax.  
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, imposta sostitutiva is applied by authorised Intermediaries (as defined 
below) which intervene in any way in the collection of Interest or in transfers or disposals of the Notes. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity may be exempt from any income 
taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on Interest relating to the Notes if the Notes are included in 
a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the 
requirements from time to time applicable as set forth under Italian law. 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, payments of Interest in respect of Notes are not subject to imposta 
sostitutiva if made to beneficial owners that are Italian resident companies or permanent 
establishments in Italy of non-resident entities to which the Notes are effectively connected, or Italian 
resident partnerships carrying out commercial activities (società in nome collettivo or società in 
accomandita semplice), Italian Funds, Italian Real Estate Funds or Pension Funds provided that the 
Notes are timely deposited with an authorised intermediary. In any case, Interest accrued on the 
Notes must be included in the corporate taxable income (and in certain circumstances, depending on 
the "status" of the Noteholders, also in the net value of production for the purposes of regional tax on 
productive activities - IRAP).  
To ensure that payment of Interest in respect of Notes is made without the application of the imposta 
sostitutiva, the above-mentioned investors must (i) be the beneficial owners of Interest payments; and 
(ii) deposit the Notes and the relevant Coupons in due time directly or indirectly with an Italian 
authorised financial intermediary or a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign intermediary 
(hereinafter referred to as the “Intermediary” and collectively, the “Intermediaries”).  
Where the Notes and the relevant coupons (if any) are not timely deposited with an authorised 
Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld: (i) by any Italian bank or any Italian 
Intermediary paying Interest to the Noteholder; or (ii) in the absence of any such Intermediary, by the 
Issuer (provided that the payment of Interest is made directly by the Issuer). 
If the investor Noteholder is resident in Italy and is an open-ended or closed-ended investment fund, a 
SICAF (an investment company with fixed capital other than a Real Estate SICAF) or a SICAV (an 
investment company with variable capital) established in Italy and either (i) the fund, the SICAF or the 
SICAV or (ii) their manager is subject to the supervision of a regulatory authority (the “Funds”), 
Interest accrued during the holding period on such Notes will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva –
provided that the Notes and the relevant coupons (if any) are deposited in a proper and timely manner 
directly or indirectly with an Intermediary – nor to any other income tax in the hands of the Funds. In 
such case, Interest are included in the annual net accrued result of the Fund, which may be subject to 
a withholding tax of 26 per cent. upon distribution to the unitholders or shareholders (final or on 
account depending on the status of the unitholder or the shareholder). 
Italian pension funds subject to the regime provided by Article 17 of Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 
December 2005 (the “Pension Funds”) are generally subject to a 20 per cent. substitute tax on their 
annual net accrued result. To the extent that the Notes and the relevant coupons (if any) are 
deposited in a proper and timely manner directly or indirectly with an Intermediary, Interest on Notes 
is not subject to imposta sostitutiva but is included in the calculation of said annual net accrued result. 
Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, Interest 
may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if the Notes are included in a 
long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the 
requirements from time to time applicable as set forth under Italian law.

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
 
Under the current regime provided by Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001, converted into law 
with amendments by Law No. 410 of 23 November 2001, as subsequently amended (“Decree 351”), 
and Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, payments of Interest in respect of the Notes made to 
Italian resident real estate investment funds established pursuant to Article 37 of Legislative Decree 
No. 58 of 24 February 1998 (the “Financial Services Act”) or pursuant to Article 14-bis of Law No. 86 
of 25 January 1994, and Italian real estate investment companies with fixed capital (the Real Estate 
SICAFs and, together with the Italian resident real estate investment funds, the “Real Estate Funds”), 
will not be subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of the Real 
Estate Funds to the extent that the Notes and the relevant coupons (if any) are deposited in a proper 
and timely manner directly or indirectly with an Intermediary. Income of the Real Estate Funds may be 
subject to tax in the hands of the unitholder or the shareholder. Subject to certain conditions, 
depending on the status of the investor and percentage of participation, income of the Real Estate 
Fund is subject to taxation in the hands of the unitholder or shareholder regardless of distribution. 
Non-Italian resident Noteholders  
Interest in respect of Notes paid to non-Italian resident beneficial owners of the Notes with no 
permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected, are not subject to 
imposta sostitutiva provided that: 
(a) 
such beneficial owners are resident, for tax purposes, in a State or territory allowing for an 
adequate exchange of information with Italy (listed in the so-called “White List”); and 
(b) 
all the requirements and procedures set forth in Decree No. 239 and in its implementation 
rules in order to benefit from the exemption from imposta sostitutiva are met and complied 
with in due time. 
Decree No. 239 also provides for additional exemptions from imposta sostitutiva on Interest paid to (i) 
international bodies or entities set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered 
into force in Italy; (ii) institutional investors, whether or not subject to tax, established in a State or 
territory allowing for an adequate exchange of information with Italy; and (iii) Central Banks or other 
entities managing, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State.  
To ensure that payment of Interest in respect of Notes is made without the application of imposta 
sostitutiva, investors indicated above must (i) be the beneficial owners of Interest payments (or must 
be certain non-Italian resident institutional investors); (ii) deposit in due time the Notes together with 
the relevant coupons (if any) directly or indirectly with an Intermediary; and (iii) file in due time with the 
relevant depository a declaration, in which they declare that they are eligible to benefit from the 
applicable exemption from imposta sostitutiva (certain non-Italian resident institutional investors may 
be required to file certain additional documentation). Such declaration is valid until withdrawn or 
revoked and need not be submitted if a certificate, declaration or other similar document meant for 
equivalent uses has been submitted previously to the same depository. Additional requirements are 
provided for “institutional investors” referred above (in this respect see, among others, Circular Letters 
No. 23/E of 1 March 2002 and No. 20/E of 27 March 2003). Failure of a non-resident Noteholder to 
comply in due time with the procedures set forth in Decree No. 239 and in the relevant 
implementation rules will result in the application of imposta sostitutiva on Interest payments to a non-
resident Noteholder. 
Notes classified as atypical securities 
Interest payments relating to Notes qualifying as titoli atipici (atypical securities) pursuant to Article 5 
of Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, as amended, are subject to withholding tax levied at a 
rate of 26 per cent. (final or on account depending on the "status" and tax residence of the

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
 
Noteholder). For non-Italian resident Noteholders, the withholding tax rate may be reduced by any 
applicable tax treaty. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or Pension Funds may be exempt 
from any income taxation, including the withholding tax on Interest relating to the Notes not falling 
within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle 
obbligazioni), if such atypical securities are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano 
individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as 
set forth under Italian law. 
Where the Noteholder who is the beneficial owner of the Notes is (a) an Italian individual engaged in 
an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected; (b) an Italian company or a similar Italian 
commercial entity; (c) a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign entity; (d) an Italian commercial 
partnership; or an Italian commercial private or public institution, such withholding tax is a provisional 
withholding tax. In all other cases, including when the Noteholder is a non-Italian resident, the 
withholding tax is a final withholding tax. 
The withholding tax may be reduced under certain applicable tax treaties entered into by Italy and the 
country of residence of the relevant Noteholder, if more favourable, subject to timely filing of required 
documentation.  
Fungible issues 
Pursuant to Article 11, paragraph 2 of Decree No. 239, where the Issuer issues a new Tranche 
forming part of a single series with a previous Tranche, for the purposes of calculating the amount of 
Interest subject to imposta sostitutiva, the issue price of the new Tranche is deemed to be the same 
amount as the issue price of the original Tranche. This rule applies where the (a) the new Tranche is 
issued within 12 months from the issue date of the previous Tranche and (b) the difference between 
the issue price of the new Tranche and that of the original Tranche does not exceed 1 per cent. of the 
nominal value of the Notes multiplied by the number of years of duration of the Notes.  
Capital gains 
Italian resident Noteholders 
Pursuant to Decree No. 461, Italian capital gains tax (“CGT”) levied at a 26 per cent. rate is in certain 
cases applicable to capital gains realised on the sale or transfer of the Notes for consideration or on 
redemption thereof.  
For the purposes of determining the taxable capital gain, any Interest on the Notes accrued and 
unpaid up to the time of, respectively, the purchase and the sale of the Notes must be deducted both 
from the purchase price and the sale price. 
The CGT is payable on capital gains realised by Italian resident individual Noteholders not engaged in 
entrepreneurial activities to which the Notes are effectively connected. Such Noteholders can opt for 
one of the three following regimes: 
(a) 
pursuant to the tax return regime (Regime della Dichiarazione), which is the standard regime, 
the Noteholder has to assess the overall capital gains realised in a given fiscal year, net of 
any relevant incurred capital losses, in his annual income tax return and pay CGT due on 
capital gains so assessed together with the income tax due for the same fiscal year. Capital 
losses exceeding capital gains can be carried forward to offset capital gains of the same kind 
in the following fiscal years up to the fourth. As such regime constitutes the ordinary regime, 
the Noteholder must apply it whenever he does not opt for any of the two other regimes;

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
 
(b) 
pursuant to the discretionary investment portfolio regime (Risparmio Amministrato regime), 
the Noteholder may elect to pay CGT separately on capital gains realised on each sale, 
transfer or redemption of the Notes. Such separate taxation of capital gains is allowed subject 
to (i) the Notes being deposited with an Intermediary and (ii) an express election for the 
Risparmio Amministrato regime being made in due time in writing by the relevant Noteholder. 
The Risparmio Amministrato lasts for the entire fiscal year unless revoked. The Intermediary 
is responsible for accounting for CGT in respect of capital gains realised on each sale, 
transfer or redemption of the Notes. Where a particular sale, transfer or redemption of the 
Notes results in a net loss, the Intermediary is entitled to deduct such loss from gains of the 
same kind subsequently realised on assets held by the Noteholder with the same 
Intermediary within the same relationship of deposit, in the same fiscal year or in the following 
fiscal years up to the fourth.; and 
(c) 
pursuant to the discretionary investment portfolio regime (Risparmio Gestito regime), if the 
Notes are part of a portfolio managed by an Italian asset management company, capital gains 
are not subject to CGT, but contribute to determine the annual net accrued result of the 
portfolio, which is subject to an ad-hoc 26 per cent. substitute tax to be applied on behalf of 
the Noteholder by the asset management company. Any net capital losses of the investment 
portfolio accrued at year-end may be carried forward and offset against future net profits 
accrued in each of the following fiscal years up to the fourth one. Under such regime the 
Noteholder is not required to declare the capital gains in its annual income tax return and 
remains anonymous.  
Any capital gain realised upon the sale for consideration or redemption of the Notes is treated as part 
of the taxable business income (and, in certain cases, may also be included in the taxable net value 
of production for IRAP purposes), subject to tax in Italy according to the relevant tax provisions, if 
derived by Noteholders who are (i) Italian resident companies or similar commercial entities; (ii) Italian 
permanent establishments of foreign entities to which the Notes are effectively connected; or 
(iii) Italian resident individuals engaged in entrepreneurial activities, where such capital gains are 
realised within the scope of the entrepreneurial activity carried out.  
In the case of Notes held by Funds, capital gains realised upon disposal of the Notes are subject 
neither to the 26 per cent. CGT nor taxable at the level of such Funds. Generally, a 26 per cent. 
withholding tax applies on distributions to the unitholders or shareholders (on account of taxes or as 
final tax depending on the status of the unitholder), subject to certain exemptions.  
In the case of Notes held by Italian Pension Funds, capital gains on the Notes contribute to determine 
the annual net accrued result of same Pension Funds, which is generally subject to a 20 per cent. 
substitute tax. Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and 
limitations, Interest may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if the 
Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo 
termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as set forth under Italian law. 
Capital gains on Notes held by Real Estate Funds are subject neither to the 26 per cent. CGT nor 
taxable at the level of the same funds, but subsequent distributions made in favour of unitholders or 
shareholders will be subject, in certain circumstances, to a withholding tax of 26 per cent. (see 
paragraph “Taxation of Interest” above).  
Non-Italian resident Noteholders 
The 26 per cent. CGT may in certain circumstances be payable on capital gains realised upon sale, 
transfer or redemption of the Notes by non-Italian resident individuals and corporations without a

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
 
permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected, if the Notes are held in 
Italy.  
However, any capital gain realised by non-Italian residents without a permanent establishment in Italy 
to which the Notes are effectively connected through the sale for consideration or redemption of the 
Notes are exempt from taxation in Italy to the extent that either the Notes are held outside Italy or the 
Notes are listed on a regulated market in Italy or abroad, subject to timely filing of required 
documentation - in the form of a declaration (autocertificazione) of non-residence in Italy - with Italian 
qualified intermediaries (or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign intermediaries) with which the 
Notes are deposited, even if the Notes are held in Italy and regardless of the provisions of any 
applicable double tax treaty. 
Where the Notes are not listed on a regulated market in Italy or abroad, the Noteholder who is the 
beneficial owners of the Notes are not subject to CGT provided that it (a) is resident for tax purposes 
in a country included in the White List; or (b) is an international entity or body set up in accordance 
with international agreements which have entered into force in Italy; or (c) is a Central Bank or an 
entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or (d) is an institutional 
investor which is set-up in a country included in the White List, even if it does not possess the status 
of taxpayer in its own country, and a proper documentation is filed. 
In order to ensure gross payment, non-Italian resident Noteholders must satisfy the same conditions 
set forth above to benefit from the exemption from the imposta sostitutiva in accordance with Decree 
No. 239. 
In any event, non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Notes are effectively connected that may benefit from a double taxation treaty with Italy 
providing that capital gains realised upon sale or redemption of Notes are to be taxed only in the 
country of tax residence of the recipient, subject to the relevant procedural requirements are not 
subject to taxation in Italy on any capital gains realised upon sale for consideration or redemption of 
the Notes.  
If none of the conditions above is met, capital gains realised by said non-Italian resident Noteholders 
from the sale or redemption of Notes are subject to the 26 per cent. CGT. 
Inheritance and gift taxes 
Subject to certain conditions, transfer of Notes, mortis causa or by reason of donation, are subject to 
inheritance and gift taxes. 
Inheritance and gift taxes apply according to the following rates and exclusions: 
(a) 
transfers to spouses and to direct relatives: 4 per cent. on the value of the Notes exceeding 
€1 million for each beneficiary;  
(b) 
transfers to brothers and sisters: 6 per cent. on the value of the Notes exceeding €100,000 for 
each beneficiary; 
(c) 
transfers to relatives (parenti) within the fourth degree, to direct relatives in law (affini in linea 
retta), indirect relatives in law (affini in linea collaterale) within the third degree other than the 
relatives indicated above: 6 per cent. on the value of the Notes; and 
(d) 
other transfers: 8 per cent. on the value of the Notes. 
If the heir/beneficiary is affected by a handicap deemed “critical” pursuant to Law No. 104 of 5 
February 1992, inheritance and gift taxes apply only on the value of the Notes exceeding € 1,500,000.

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
 
Transfer tax, stamp duty (bollo) on securities account (deposito titoli) and wealth tax on 
securities deposited abroad 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to registration tax as follows: (i) public deeds 
and notarised deeds (atti pubblici e scritture private autenticate) executed in Italy should be subject to 
a lump sum €200 registration tax; (ii) private deeds (scritture private non autenticate) should be 
subject to a lump sum €200 registration tax only in the case of use or voluntary registration or if such 
deeds are referred to in another deed (which is subject to registration) occurring between the same 
parties to the relevant transfer. 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011, ad valorem stamp duty (bollo) applies on an 
annual basis to any periodic reporting communication which is, or is deemed to be, sent by a financial 
intermediary to a Noteholder in respect of any Notes which may be deposited with such financial 
intermediary. The stamp duty is applied at the rate of 0.20 per cent. as of fiscal year 2014 computed 
on the market value of the Notes, if deposited c/o an Italian resident financial intermediary or c/o an 
Italian permanent establishment of a foreign financial intermediary. Should the market value be 
absent, the tax base would correspond to the nominal or redemption value of the Notes. The stamp 
duty cannot exceed €14,000 for taxpayers different from individuals.  
Certain aspects of the relevant discipline have been clarified and implemented by Ministerial Decree 
of 24 May 2012 issued by the Ministry of Economy and Finance. Under a preliminary interpretation of 
the law, it may be understood that the stamp duties applies both to Italian resident and non-Italian 
resident Noteholders, to the extent that Notes are held with an Italian based financial intermediary. 
If the Notes are held abroad (i.e. c/o a foreign financial intermediary or c/o a foreign permanent 
establishment of an Italian financial intermediary) by individuals, non-profit entities and certain 
partnerships (società semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with article 5 of Presidential 
Decree No. 917) resident in Italy for tax purposes, a wealth tax is due at the rate of 0.20 per cent., 
computed on the market value of the Notes at the end of the relevant year. Should the market value 
be absent the tax base would correspond to the nominal or redemption value of the Notes. Taxpayers 
are permitted to deduct from the wealth tax a credit equal to any wealth taxes paid in the State where 
the financial assets are held (up to the amount of the Italian wealth tax due). 
Tax monitoring obligations 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, individuals, non-profit entities and certain 
partnerships (in particular, società semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with Article 5 of 
Decree No. 917/1986) resident in Italy under certain conditions are generally required to report in their 
yearly income tax return, for tax monitoring purposes, the amount of securities (including the Notes) 
held abroad during the tax year.  
Also the above mentioned persons qualifying as beneficial owner (“titolari effettivi”) of the securities 
(including the Notes) in accordance with the Decree No. 231 of 21 November 2007 shall have to 
report them in their tax return.  
The above persons are, however, not required to comply with the above reporting requirements in 
respect of securities deposited for management with qualified Italian financial intermediaries and in 
respect of contracts entered into through their intervention, upon condition that the items of income 
derived from such securities are subject to withholding tax or substitute tax by the same financial 
intermediaries.

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., DZ 
BANK AG Deutsche Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank, Frankfurt am Main, Raiffeisen Bank International 
AG, UniCredit Bank AG and any additional dealers appointed under the Programme from time to time 
(the “Dealers”). The arrangements under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by 
the Issuer to, and purchased by, Dealers are set out in an amended and restated dealer agreement 
dated 19 July 2022 (the “Dealer Agreement”) and made between the Issuer and the Dealers.  
Any agreement for the sale and purchase of the Notes will, inter alia, make provision for the form and 
terms and conditions of the relevant Notes, the price at which such Notes will be purchased by the 
Dealers and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer 
in respect of such purchase. The Issuer has given certain representations and warranties to the 
Dealers and has agreed to indemnify the Dealers in certain circumstances.  
The Dealer Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing 
Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers, either generally in respect of the 
Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. Each Dealer so appointed will be bound by 
the agreements, representations, warranties and restrictions set out below.  
United States of America: Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D or TEFRA C as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or neither if TEFRA is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered 
or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
the United States Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or 
deliver Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the 
completion of the distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche, as certified to the Fiscal 
Agent or the Issuer by such Dealer (or, in the case of a sale of a Tranche of Notes to or through more 
than one Dealer, by each of such Dealers as to the Notes of such Tranche purchased by or through it, 
in which case the Fiscal Agent or the Issuer shall notify each such Dealer when all such Dealers have 
so certified) within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such 
Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period 
relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the 
Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, 
any offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the 
offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
European Economic Area  
Prohibition of sales to retail investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” 
as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or otherwise 
made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
 
the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus, as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto, to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”).  For the purposes of this 
provision, the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II;  
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(c) 
not a qualified investor, as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Additional selling restrictions 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the EEA, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the 
public in that Member State, except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that 
Member State:  
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation;  
(b) 
Minimum denomination: at any time where such Note have a denomination per unit of at least 
€100,000; 
(c) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than 
qualified investors, as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or  
(d) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation,  
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3(1) of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes in any Member State means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the 
Notes; and 
(b) 
“Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that: 
(a) 
No sales to retail investors: unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus, as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto, to any retail investor in the United Kingdom and, for the purposes of 
this provision, the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following:

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it 
forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the EUWA;  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 
600/2014 as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or  
(iii) 
not a qualified investor, as defined in the UK Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
Additional selling restrictions: if the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies 
“Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of 
the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to the public in the United Kingdom, except that it may make an offer of such Notes to 
the public in the United Kingdom:  
(i) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor, as 
defined in the UK Prospectus Regulation;  
(ii) 
Minimum denomination: at any time where such Note have a denomination per unit of 
at least €100,000; 
(iii) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other 
than qualified investors, as defined in the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United 
Kingdom, subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or  
(iv) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of 
the FSMA,  
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (i) to (iv) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA, or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation and, for the purposes of this 
provision: 
(i) 
an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes means the communication in 
any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the 
Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the 
Notes be varied, and 
(ii) 
“UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA;  
(c) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and:  
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons:  
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention by the Issuer of 
Section 19 of the FSMA; 
(d) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in 
investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection 
with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does 
not apply to the Issuer; and 
(e) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the 
FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving 
the United Kingdom. 
The Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with CONSOB pursuant to Italian securities 
legislation and, accordingly, each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that no Notes may be 
offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other document relating 
to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined under Article 2, paragraph 1, letter e) 
of the Prospectus Regulation and any applicable provision of the Financial Services Act 
and/or Italian CONSOB regulations; or 
(b) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to 
Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, 
as amended from time to time, and in accordance with any applicable Italian laws and 
regulations. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must be made in compliance with the selling 
restriction under points (a) or (b) above and must be made: 
(1) 
by soggetti abilitati (including investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries), as defined 
by Article 1, first paragraph, letter r), of the Financial Services Act, permitted to conduct such 
activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Financial 
Services Act, CONSOB regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, as amended from time to 
time, and the TUB and any other applicable laws and regulations; and 
(2) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by 
CONSOB, the Bank of Italy (including, to the extent applicable to such Dealer, the reporting 
requirements pursuant to Article 129 of the TUB and the implementing guidelines of the Bank 
of Italy issued on 25 August 2015 and amended on 10 August 2016 and on 2 November 2020, 
as further amended from time to time (the “Bank of Italy Guidelines”)) and/or any other 
Italian authority.  
Provisions relating to the secondary market in the Republic of Italy 
Investors should also note that, in any subsequent distribution in the Republic of Italy of Notes with a 
denomination of less than €100,000, Article 100-bis of the Financial Services Act may require 
compliance with the law relating to public offers of securities. Furthermore, if the Notes have been 
initially placed solely with “qualified investors” in Italy or abroad and such Notes are then

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
 
systematically resold on the secondary market to persons other than “qualified investors” at any time 
in the 12 months following such placing, such subsequent distribution would qualify as an offering of 
securities to public if no exemption applies under paragraph (ii) above. Where this occurs, the 
subsequent distribution of the Notes on the secondary market in the Republic of Italy must be made in 
compliance with the public offering and the prospectus requirement rules provided under the Financial 
Services Act and Issuers’ Regulation. Failure to comply with such rules may result in the sale of such 
Notes being declared void and in liability for the intermediary transferring the Notes for any damages 
suffered by the investors. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948), as amended (the “FIEA”). Accordingly, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or 
indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan (as defined 
under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as 
amended) or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit 
of, any resident in Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and 
otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and other relevant laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines 
of Japan.  
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it has complied and will comply with all 
applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, 
sells or delivers Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms 
or any related offering material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons into whose hands this 
Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with 
all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, 
sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any 
related offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating 
to any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of 
change(s) or change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and 
regulations, no longer be applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described 
in the paragraph headed “General” above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such 
supplement or modification will, if required by applicable law, be set out in a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Approval, listing and admission to trading 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus issued in compliance with the 
Prospectus Regulation by the CSSF in its capacity as competent authority in Luxembourg for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. Application has been made for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which (i) will be admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by such other competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system as the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree or (ii) will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Authorisations 
The 2022 annual update of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors 
of the Issuer passed on 31 March 2022. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all 
necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of 
the Notes. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 81560023A3EC94499D08. 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which 
are pending or threatened, of which the Issuer is aware), which may have, or have had during the 12 
months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, significant effects on the financial position or 
profitability of the Issuer. 
No significant change / material adverse change 
Since 31 December 2021, there has been no significant change in the financial position or 
performance of the Issuer and no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer. 
Auditors 
The Issuer’s independent auditors are KPMG S.p.A., who were appointed to audit the Issuer’s annual 
financial statements for a nine-year period commencing with the annual financial statements as at and 
for the year ending 31 December 2019. KPMG S.p.A. has audited without qualifications the Issuer’s 
annual financial statements as at and for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020. The 
registered office is at Via Vittor Pisani 25, 20124 Milan, Italy, and it is authorised and regulated by the 
Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance, is registered under No. 13 on the special register of auditing 
firms held by the Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance and is registered under No. 70623 on the 
register of accountancy auditors (Registro dei revisori legali). 
Clearing of the Notes 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification Number in relation to the 
Notes of each Tranche will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms shall 
specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Notes for clearance together 
with any further appropriate information.

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1 855 Luxembourg. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer 
and each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Indication of yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will 
be specified in the Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of 
the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue 
Date of the Notes but will not be an indication of future yield. 
Use of proceeds 
Unless specified otherwise in the Final Terms, the net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Notes 
will be applied by the Issuer for general funding purposes. 
Interests of natural and legal persons involved in the issue 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in lending, 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the 
Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their 
business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and 
actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments 
(including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such 
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or 
Issuer's affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the 
Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk 
management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by 
entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation 
of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such 
short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The 
Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express 
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.  
In relation to the issue and subscription of any Tranche of Notes, fees and/or commissions may be 
payable to the relevant Dealer(s). The relevant Final Terms will specify any other interests of natural 
and legal persons involved in each issue/offer of Notes under the Programme. 
For the purposes of the above paragraphs, the term “affiliates” also includes parent companies. 
Documents available for inspection 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes are outstanding, the following 
documents are (or will be) available on the following websites:  
(a) 
this Base Prospectus, any supplements to this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms relating 
to each Series of Notes which is admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange: 
•  on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu);

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
 
(b) 
the audited annual financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the years ended 31 
December 2021 and 2020, in each case together with the accompanying notes and auditors 
reports: 
•  on the Issuer’s website, at the addresses shown in the section of this Base Prospectus 
entitled “Information Incorporated by Reference”; and 
(c) 
an English translation of the Issuer’s By-laws (statuto): 
•  on the Issuer’s website at the following address:  
https://www.mediocredito.it/en/content/download/592344/11092427/file/Statuto%20agosto
%202017%20INGLESE%20ING.pdf 
In addition, copies and, where appropriate, English translations of the following documents may be 
inspected during normal business hours and are available free of charge at the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent and at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent in Luxembourg, namely: 
(a) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(b) 
the Deed of Covenant; 
(c) 
the Programme Manual (which contains the forms of the Notes in global and definitive form); 
(d) 
any Final Terms relating to Notes which are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by 
any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system except that, where any Notes 
which are not admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system, copies of the relevant Final Terms will only be available 
for inspection by the relevant Noteholders; 
(e) 
this Base Prospectus and any supplement to this Base Prospectus and any other document 
incorporated by reference herein or therein;  
(f) 
the above-mentioned financial statements of the Issuer; and 
(g) 
the By-laws (statuto) of the Issuer.

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Mediocredito Trentino-Alto Adige S.p.A. 
Via Paradisi, 1 
38122 Trento 
Italy 
 
DEALERS 
DZ BANK AG 
Deutsche Zentral–Genossenschaftsbank, 
Frankfurt am Main 
Platz der Republik 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate &  
Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni, 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
Raiffeisen Bank International AG 
Am Stadtpark 9 
A-1030 Vienna 
Austria 
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
 
FISCAL AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
 
LUXEMBOURG PAYING AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building - Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to Italian law 
Studio Legale Beltramo 
Via Vittorio Veneto, 84 
00187 Rome 
Italy 
To the Dealers as to English and Italian law 
Gianni & Origoni 
 
Piazza Belgioioso 2 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
6-8 Tokenhouse Yard 
London EC2R 7AS 
United Kingdom

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 
 
LISTING AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building - Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg