--- Page 1 ---
- 1 - 
 
Milan 4208952.3 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Dated 3 December 2021 
MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Republic of Italy) 
MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (Luxembourg) S.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in Luxembourg) 
Issuance Programme 
guaranteed in the case of Warrants issued by Mediobanca International (Luxembourg) S.A. 
by 
MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
 
Under the Issuance Programme (the "Programme") described in this Base Prospectus (as defined below), each 
of Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. ("Mediobanca") and Mediobanca International 
(Luxembourg) S.A. ("Mediobanca International") (each an "Issuer" and together the "Issuers") may from time 
to time issue warrants ("Warrants" or the "Securities"), subject in each case to compliance with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives. The payment of all amounts due and the performance of any non-cash delivery 
obligations in respect of any Securities issued by Mediobanca International will be unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed by Mediobanca (in such capacity, the "Guarantor") under a deed of guarantee and 
subject to the limitations thereof executed by the Guarantor and dated 3 December 2021 (the "Deed of 
Guarantee"). 
An investment in Securities issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks, 
see "Risk Factors" beginning on page 19. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank") as competent 
authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). The Central Bank only 
approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency 
imposed by the Prospectus Regulation and such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the 
Issuer nor as an endorsement of the quality of the Securities that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Such 
approval relates only to the Securities which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes 
of Directive 2014/65/EU as amended ("MiFID II") and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member 
State of the European Economic Area ("EEA"). Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability 
of investing in the Securities. This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from the date hereof. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event 
of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
This Base Prospectus comprises two base prospectuses (one for each Issuer, each of which referred to herein as 
the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Application will be made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") for 
Securities issued under the Programme during the period of twelve months after the date hereof to be admitted to 
the official list of Euronext Dublin (the "Official List") and trading on its regulated market. The regulated market 
of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. Application may also be made for certain 
Securities issued under the Programme to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange to be admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange. The Securities may also be admitted to trading (i) on the multilateral trading facility of securitised 
derivatives financial instruments, organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (the "SeDeX") and (ii) on the 
multilateral trading facility of EuroTLX managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. ("EuroTLX"), being understood that 
the admission to trading on SeDeX or EuroTLX and/or any other multilateral trading facilities will not be done

--- Page 2 ---
- 2 - 
 
Milan 4208952.3 
under the Prospectus Regulation passporting regime. The applicable Final Terms will specify whether or not 
application will be made for the Securities to be listed and/or admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin and/or the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or SeDeX and/or EuroTLX. 
The Programme provides that Securities may be listed or admitted to trading (as the case may be) on such other 
or further stock exchange(s) or market(s) or multilateral trading facility(ies) as may be agreed between the 
relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable) and the relevant Dealer (as defined in "Plan of Distribution"). 
Unlisted Securities or Securities not admitted to trading on any trading venue may also be issued. This Base 
Prospectus comprises two base prospectuses (one for each Issuer, each of which referred to herein as the "Base 
Prospectus") for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Central Bank may, at the request of the relevant Issuer, send to the competent authority of another European 
Economic Area member state (i) a copy of this Base Prospectus;and (ii) a certificate of approval pursuant to 
Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with 
the Prospectus Regulation (an "Attestation Certificate"). The language of the prospectus is English. Certain 
legislative references and technical terms have been cited in their original language in order that the correct 
technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable law.  
Notice of the aggregate amount of Securities (if applicable), issue price of Securities and any other terms and 
conditions not contained herein which are applicable to each Tranche (as defined below) of Securities will be set 
out in the final terms relating to the Securities (the "Final Terms") which will be delivered to the Central Bank 
and, with respect to Securities to be listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin, will be delivered to Euronext 
Dublin and, with respect to Securities to be listed on any other or further Stock Exchange, will be delivered to the 
relevant Stock Exchange. 
The terms and conditions of the Securities to be issued under the Programme (see "Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities" below) (the "Terms and Conditions" or the "Security Conditions") will be completed by the Final 
Terms. 
The Securities have not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
"Securities Act"), or any state securities laws, and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) except pursuant 
to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The 
Securities will be offered and sold in offshore transactions outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S 
under the Securities Act. The Securities will be in bearer form and as such are subject to certain U.S. tax law 
requirements. 
Amounts payable under the Securities or assets deliverable under the Securities may be calculated by reference 
to EURIBOR or CMS which are respectively provided by the European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”) for 
EURIBOR and ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (“ICE”) for CMS. At the date of this Base Prospectus, 
EMMI has been authorised as a regulated benchmark administrator pursuant to Article 34 of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 (the “EU BMR”) which forms part of the domestic law in the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal Act) 2018 (the “UK BMR”) (together the “BMR”) and appears on (i) the public 
register of administrators established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
(“ESMA”) pursuant to Article 36 of the EU BMR or (ii) the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) pursuant to Article 36 of the UK BMR. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, ICE does not appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the EU BMR, however ICE appears on the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by FCA pursuant to Article 36 of the UK BMR. As 
far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU BMR apply, such that ICE is not 
currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence). 
Amounts payable under the Securities or assets deliverable under the Securities may also be calculated or 
otherwise determined by reference to an index or a combination of indices (other than EURIBOR or CMS). Any 
such index may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of the BMR. If any such index does constitute such a 
benchmark, the applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an 
administrator included in (i) the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant to Article 36 of the EU BMR or (ii) the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the FCA pursuant to Article 36 of the UK BMR. Not every index will fall within the scope of the 
EU BMR or the UK BMR. Furthermore, transitional provisions in the EU BMR and the UK BMR may have the

--- Page 3 ---
- 3 - 
 
Milan 4208952.3 
result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks at the date of the applicable Final Terms. The registration status of any administrator under the 
EU BMR or the UK BMR is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the relevant 
Issuer does not intend to update the applicable Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the 
administrator. 
Arranger of the Programme 
MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Mandated Dealer 
MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A.

--- Page 4 ---
- 4 - 
 
Milan 4208952.3 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This document constitutes a Base Prospectus for each Issuer for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor accepts responsibility for the information contained in this document and, 
to the best of the knowledge of each of the Issuers and the Guarantor, the information contained in this document 
is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor, having made all reasonable enquiries confirms that (i) this Base 
Prospectus contains all information with respect to the Issuers, the Guarantor and its subsidiaries taken as a 
whole (the "Group" or the "Mediobanca Group"), the Securities and the Deed of Guarantee which is material in 
the context of the issue and offering of the Securities, (ii) the statements contained in this Base Prospectus relating 
to the Issuers, the Guarantor and the Mediobanca Group are in every material respect true and accurate and not 
misleading, the opinions and intentions expressed in this Base Prospectus with regard to the Issuers, the 
Guarantor and the Mediobanca Group are honestly held, have been reached after considering all relevant 
circumstances and are based on reasonable assumptions, (iii) there are no other facts in relation to the Issuers, 
the Guarantor, the Mediobanca Group, the Securities or the Deed of Guarantee the omission of which would, in 
the context of the issue and offering of Securities, make any statement in this Base Prospectus misleading in any 
material respect, and (iv) all reasonable enquiries have been made by the Issuers and the Guarantor to ascertain 
such facts and to verify the accuracy of all such information and statements. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS If the Final Terms in respect of any Securities includes a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); 
or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS The Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 
to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering 
or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK 
may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET The Final Terms in respect of any Securities may 
include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Securities and which channels for distribution of the Securities are appropriate and may also include 
information on the product approval process. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending such 
Securities (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Securities 
(by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made at the time of issue about whether, for the purpose of the product governance rules 
under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for 
a Tranche of Securities is a manufacturer in respect of that Tranche, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the

--- Page 5 ---
- 5 - 
 
Milan 4208952.3 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET The Final Terms in respect of any Securities 
may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment 
in respect of the Securities and which channels for distribution of the Securities are appropriate. Any distributor 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Securities (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination will 
be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, 
any Dealer subscribing for any Tranche of Securities is a manufacturer in respect of such Tranche of Securities, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer 
for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed together with any supplement hereto and with any other 
documents incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Securities, should be read and 
construed together with the relevant Final Terms. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those contained 
in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue, offer or sale of Securities and, if given or made, such 
information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by either of the Issuers, the 
Guarantor or any of the Dealers. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor any offering 
or sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been 
no change in the affairs of either Issuer or the Guarantor since the date hereof or the date upon which this 
document has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position 
of either Issuer or the Guarantor since the date hereof or the date upon which this document has been most 
recently supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of 
any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. 
Purchases of Securities may be made through a duly appointed Dealer of the relevant Issuer. The relevant Issuer 
may also offer and sell Securities directly to investors without the involvement of any Dealer.  
The Issuers and the Guarantor will enter into a Dealer Agreement with the Mandated Dealer (as defined in this 
Base Prospectus) in connection with the issue of Securities for the purpose of the distribution of the Securities to 
prospective investors. Pursuant to the terms of the Dealer Agreement, the relevant Issuer(s) may appoint one or 
more Dealer(s) under the Programme to subscribe or procure subscribers for all or part of the Securities of the 
relevant Series. See the section on "Plan of Distribution" in this Base Prospectus for further details. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of either Issuer, the 
Guarantor or any of the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Securities. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of Securities in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. The Issuers and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully 
distributed, or that any Securities may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other 
requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any 
responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. No Securities may be offered or sold, directly or 
indirectly including to the public, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering 
material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in 
compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any 
Securities may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this 
Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Securities. In particular, the Securities have not been and will not 
be registered under the Securities Act and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements.  
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuers and the Guarantor for use in connection with the offer 
and sale of Securities in reliance upon Regulation S of the Securities Act outside the United States to non-U.S. 
persons or in transactions otherwise exempt from registration. Its use for any other purpose in the United States 
is not authorised. It may not be copied or reproduced in whole or in part nor may it be distributed or any of its 
contents disclosed to anyone other than the prospective investors to whom it is originally submitted.

--- Page 6 ---
- 6 - 
 
Milan 4208952.3 
The Securities have not been approved or disapproved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, any 
state securities commission in the United States or any other U.S. regulatory authority, nor have any of the 
foregoing authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Securities or the accuracy or the 
adequacy of this Base Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in the United States. 
For a description of additional restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of 
Securities in the United States, the European Economic Area (including Italy) and other jurisdictions, see "Plan 
of Distribution". 
The Dealers and PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A and PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société coopérative, as auditors 
to, respectively, Mediobanca and Mediobanca International have not separately verified the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus. None of the Dealers makes any representation express or implied, or accepts 
any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information in this Base Prospectus. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other 
evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by either of the Issuers, the Guarantor or any of 
the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any financial statements should subscribe or purchase 
any Securities. 
Each potential investor should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus and its purchase of Securities should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None 
of the Dealers undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor 
during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential 
investor in the Securities of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers. 
By investing in the Securities each investor represents that: 
(a) 
Non-Reliance. It is acting for its own account, and it has made its own independent decisions to invest 
in the Securities and as to whether the investment in the Securities is appropriate or proper for it based 
upon its own judgement and upon advice from such advisers as it has deemed necessary. It is not relying 
on any communication (written or oral) of the relevant Issuer or the Dealers as investment advice or as 
a recommendation to invest in the Securities, it being understood that information and explanations 
related to the terms and conditions of the Securities shall not be considered to be investment advice or a 
recommendation to invest in the Securities. No communication (written or oral) received from the 
relevant Issuer or the Dealers shall be deemed to be an assurance or guarantee as to the expected results 
of the investment in the Securities. 
(b) 
Assessment and Understanding. It is capable of assessing the merits of and understanding (on its own 
behalf or through independent professional advice), and understands and accepts the terms and 
conditions and the risks of the investment in the Securities. It is also capable of assuming, and assumes, 
the risks of the investment in the Securities. 
(c) 
Status of Parties. Neither the relevant Issuer nor the Dealers is acting as a fiduciary for or adviser to it 
in respect of the investment in the Securities.

--- Page 7 ---
- 7 - 
 
Milan 4208952.3 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Securities under the Programme, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) 
named as the stabilising manager(s) (the "Stabilising Manager(s)") (or persons acting on behalf of any 
Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Securities or effect transactions with a view 
to supporting the market price of the Securities at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, 
there is no assurance that the Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of a Stabilising Manager) will 
undertake stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Securities is made and, if begun, may be ended at 
any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of 
Securities and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Securities. Any stabilisation action 
or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of a 
Stabilising Manager) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.  
***** 
Securities may be issued on a continuous basis in series (each a "Series") having one or more issue dates and on 
terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect of the first payment of interest), the Securities of each 
Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other Securities, as the case may be, of that Series. Each 
Series may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on different issue dates. The specific terms of each Tranche 
(which save in respect of the issue date and issue price of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other 
Tranches of the same Series) will be set forth in the relevant Final Terms, the form of which is set out in "Form 
of Final Terms" below. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires: references to "$", "U.S.$", 
"USD" and "US Dollars" are to the lawful currency of the United States of America; references to "Euro" are to 
the single currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the European Economic and Monetary Union 
pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended; references to "£" are to the lawful 
currency of the United Kingdom; and references to "Yen" are to the lawful currency of Japan.

--- Page 8 ---
- 8 - 
 
Milan 4208952.3 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO PUBLIC OFFERS OF SECURITIES WHERE THERE IS 
NO EXEMPTION FROM THE OBLIGATION UNDER THE PROSPECTUS REGULATION TO PUBLISH 
A PROSPECTUS 
Public Offers of Securities in the European Economic Area 
Certain Tranches of Securities with a denomination of less than EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency) may, subject as provided below, be offered in circumstances where there is no exemption from the 
obligation under the Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus. Any such offer is referred to in this Base 
Prospectus as a "Public Offer". Subject as provided below, this Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis 
that permits Public Offers of Securities in Member States of the European Economic Area. Any person making or 
intending to make a Public Offer of Securities in any Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a 
"Relevant Member State") may only do so if this Base Prospectus has been approved by the competent authority 
in that Relevant Member State (or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant Member State and notified 
to the competent authority in that Relevant Member State) and published in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation, provided that the Issuer has consented to the use of this Base Prospectus in connection with such offer 
as provided under "Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation (Retail 
Cascades)" and the conditions attached to that consent are complied with by the person making the Public Offer 
of such Securities. 
In the context of any Public Offer of Securities, the Issuer has requested the Central Bank to provide a certificate 
of approval in accordance with Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation (a "passport") in relation to the 
passporting of the Base Prospectus to the competent authorities of France, Luxembourg and Republic of Italy (the 
"Host Member States"). Even though the Issuer has elected (or will elect) to passport this Base Prospectus into 
the Host Member States, it does not mean that it will choose to make any Public Offer in the Host Member State. 
Investors should refer to the Final Terms for any issue of Securities to see whether the Issuer has elected to make 
a public offer of Securities in either the Republic of Ireland or a Host Member State (each a "Public Offer 
Jurisdiction"). 
The Issuer accepts responsibility in the Public Offer Jurisdictions for which it has given consent referred to herein 
for the content of this Base Prospectus in relation to any person (an "Investor") to whom an offer of any Securities 
is made by any financial intermediary to whom the Issuer has given its consent to use this Base Prospectus (such 
financial intermediary, an "Authorised Offeror"), where the offer is made during the period for which that consent 
is given and is in compliance with all other conditions attached to the giving of the consent, all as mentioned in 
this Base Prospectus. However, the Issuer does not have any responsibility for any of the actions of an Authorised 
Offeror, including compliance by an Authorised Offeror with applicable conduct of business rules or other local 
regulatory requirements or other securities law requirements in relation to such offer. 
This Base Prospectus has not been approved by the UK Financial Conduct Authority (the “FCA”) and has not 
been prepared on a basis that permits a Public Offer (within the meaning of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in 
the UK. The expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
“retained EU law”, as defined in European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. 
Consent given in accordance with Article 5.1 of the Prospectus Regulation (Retail Cascades) 
Any offer made without the consent of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (as applicable) is unauthorised and 
neither the relevant Issuer nor the Guarantor (as applicable), nor, for the avoidance of doubt, any of the Dealers 
accepts any responsibility or liability in relation to such offer or for the actions of the persons making any such 
unauthorised offer. 
If, in the context of a Public Offer, an Investor is offered Securities by a person which is not an Authorised Offeror, 
the Investor should check with such person whether anyone is responsible for this Base Prospectus for the purpose 
of the relevant Public Offer and, if so, who that person is. 
If an Investor is in any doubt about whether it can rely on this Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its 
contents, the Investor should take legal advice.

--- Page 9 ---
- 9 - 
 
Milan 4208952.3 
Consent to the use of this Base Prospectus 
Common conditions to Consent 
The conditions to the consent of the Issuers and the Guarantor are (in addition to the conditions described in 
either sub-paragraph (a) (Specific Consent) or sub-paragraph (b) (General Consent) under "Specific Consent 
and General Consent" below) that such consent: 
(i) 
is only valid in respect of the relevant Tranche of Securities; 
(ii) 
is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
only extends to the use of this Base Prospectus to make Public Offers of the relevant Tranche of Securities 
in such of the Public Offer Jurisdictions as are specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The consent referred to above relates to Public Offers occurring within twelve months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Specific Consent and General Consent 
Subject to the conditions set out above under "Common Conditions to Consent", each of the Issuers and the 
Guarantor consents to the use of this Base Prospectus in connection with a Public Offer of Securities in any Public 
Offer Jurisdiction by: 
(a) 
Specific Consent: 
(i) 
the Dealers specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
any financial intermediaries specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
any financial intermediary appointed after the date of the applicable Final Terms and whose 
name is published on the website of the Issuers (https://mediobanca.com) and identified as an 
Authorised Offeror in respect of the relevant Public Offer; and 
(b) 
General Consent: 
if General Consent is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, any other financial 
intermediary which: 
(i) 
is authorised to make such offers under MiFID II, including under any applicable implementing 
measure in each relevant jurisdiction; and 
(ii) 
accepts such offer by publishing on its website the following statement (with the information in 
square brackets duly completed with the relevant information) (the "Acceptance Statement"): 
"We, [insert legal name of financial intermediary], refer to the [insert title of relevant 
Securities] (the "Securities") described in the Final Terms dated [insert date] (the "Final 
Terms") published by [ISSUER] (the "Issuer") [and [GUARANTOR] (the "Guarantor")]. 
In consideration of the Issuer [and the Guarantor] offering to grant their consent to our use of 
the Base Prospectus (as defined in the Final Terms) in connection with the offer of the Securities 
in [insert name(s) of relevant Public Offer Jurisdiction(s)] during the Offer Period in 
accordance with the Authorised Offeror Terms (as specified in the Base Prospectus), we accept 
the offer by the Issuer [and Guarantor]. We confirm that we are authorised under MiFID II to 
make, and are using the Base Prospectus in connection with, the Public Offer accordingly. 
Terms used herein and otherwise not defined shall have the same meaning as given to such 
terms in the Base Prospectus."

--- Page 10 ---
- 10 - 
 
Milan 4208952.3 
Any financial intermediary falling within this sub-paragraph (b) who wishes to use this Base Prospectus in 
connection with a Public Offer is required, for the duration of the relevant Offer Period specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, to publish a duly completed Acceptance Statement on its website. 
Arrangements between an Investor and the Authorised Offeror who will distribute the Securities 
Neither the Issuers nor the Guarantor (nor, for the avoidance of doubt, any of the Dealers) has any responsibility 
for any of the actions of any Authorised Offeror, including compliance by an Authorised Offeror with applicable 
conduct of business rules or other local regulatory requirements or other securities law requirements in relation 
to such offer. 
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO ACQUIRE OR SUBSCRIBE OR ACQUIRING OR SUBSCRIBING ANY 
SECURITIES IN A PUBLIC OFFER FROM AN AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL DO SO, AND OFFERS 
AND SALES OF SUCH SECURITIES TO AN INVESTOR BY SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE 
MADE, IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY TERMS AND OTHER ARRANGEMENTS IN PLACE BETWEEN 
SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR AND SUCH INVESTOR INCLUDING AS TO PRICE, ALLOCATIONS, 
EXPENSES AND SETTLEMENT ARRANGEMENTS. NEITHER THE ISSUERS NOR THE GUARANTOR 
WILL BE A PARTY TO ANY SUCH ARRANGEMENTS WITH SUCH INVESTORS IN CONNECTION 
WITH THE PUBLIC OFFER OR SALE OF THE SECURITIES CONCERNED AND, ACCORDINGLY, 
THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND ANY FINAL TERMS WILL NOT CONTAIN SUCH INFORMATION. 
THE INVESTOR MUST LOOK TO THE RELEVANT AUTHORISED OFFEROR AT THE TIME OF SUCH 
OFFER FOR THE PROVISION OF SUCH INFORMATION AND THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL 
BE RESPONSIBLE FOR SUCH INFORMATION. NONE OF THE ISSUERS, THE GUARANTOR AND 
THE DEALERS HAS ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO AN INVESTOR IN RESPECT OF SUCH 
INFORMATION. 
IN THE EVENT OF AN OFFER BEING MADE BY A FINANCIAL INTERMEDIARY, SUCH FINANCIAL 
INTERMEDIARY WILL PROVIDE INFORMATION TO INVESTORS ON THE TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER AT THE TIME THE OFFER IS MADE.

--- Page 11 ---
- 11 - 
 
Milan 4208952.3 
CONTENTS 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUANCE PROGRAMME ................................................................... 13 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................................. 19 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ....................................................................................... 67 
SUPPLEMENTS AND FURTHER PROSPECTUSES ....................................................................................... 69 
FORMS OF THE SECURITIES .......................................................................................................................... 70 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES ........................................................................................ 72 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS IN RESPECT OF THE SECURITIES ............................................................ 356 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE SECURITIES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ......................................... 402 
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................................... 405 
INFORMATION ON MEDIOBANCA - BANCA DI CREDITO FINANZIARIO S.P.A. ............................... 406 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF MEDIOBANCA – BANCA DI CREDITO FINANZIARIO S.P.A. ......... 427 
INFORMATION ON MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (LUXEMBOURG) S.A. ..................................... 429 
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION ............................................................................................................................... 435 
GENERAL CONSENT — THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR TERMS ............................................................. 441 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................................ 443 
TAXATION ....................................................................................................................................................... 495 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................................. 510

--- Page 12 ---
- 12 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
This page has been left blank intentionally

--- Page 13 ---
- 13 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUANCE PROGRAMME 
The following is a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation. The following overview does not 
purport to be complete and is qualified by the remainder of this Document and, in relation to the terms and 
conditions of any particular Series (as defined below in "Terms and Conditions") of Securities, the applicable 
Final Terms. Subject as provided in the Terms and Conditions, any of the following (including, without limitation, 
the type of Securities which may be issued pursuant to the Programme) may be varied or supplemented as agreed 
between the relevant Issuer, the relevant Dealer(s) and the Fiscal Agent (if applicable). Words and expressions 
defined in "Form of the Securities" and "Terms and Conditions" shall have the same meaning in this overview: 
Issuers: 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. and Mediobanca 
International (Luxembourg) S.A. 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito 
Finanziario S.p.A.: 
Mediobanca was established on 10 April in 1946 as a medium-term 
credit granting institution in Italy. In 1956 Mediobanca's shares were 
admitted to the Italian Stock Exchange and since then its business has 
expanded both nationally and internationally. 
 
Mediobanca is registered at the Companies' Registry of the Chamber 
of Commerce of Milan-Monza-Brianza-Lodi, Italy under registration 
number 00714490158. Mediobanca's registered office is at Piazzetta E. 
Cuccia 1, 20121 Milan, Italy, telephone number (+39) 0288291. 
 
Mediobanca holds a banking licence from the Bank of Italy authorising 
it to carry on all permitted types of banking activities in Italy. 
 
Mediobanca is a bank organised and existing under the laws of Italy, 
carrying out a wide range of banking, financial and related activities 
throughout Italy. 
 
At the date hereof, Mediobanca’s issued share capital totals Euro 
443,640,006.50, represented by 887,280,013 registered shares of a 
nominal value of Euro 0.50.  
 
The Board of Directors of Mediobanca is responsible for the ordinary 
and extraordinary management of Mediobanca. 
Mediobanca International 
(Luxembourg) S.A.: 
Mediobanca International has the form of a société anonyme subject to 
Luxembourg law and has its place of registration in Luxembourg. On 
15 December 2005 the Luxembourg Minister of the Treasury and the 
Budget, on the recommendation of the CSSF, granted Mediobanca 
International a full banking licence pursuant to which its operations 
include raising funds in the international markets and lending, 
consistent with Mediobanca International's articles of association 
approved by the shareholders in the general meeting held on 21 
December 2005. 
 
Mediobanca International is registered at the Luxembourg trade and 
companies registry under registration number B 112885. Mediobanca 
International's registered office is at 4, Boulevard Joseph II, L-1840 
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. 
 
As at 30 June 2021, Mediobanca International's issued and authorised 
fully paid share capital totals Euro 10,000,000 represented by 
1,000,000 registered shares of Euro 10 par value. 
 
The Board of Directors of Mediobanca International is responsible for 
setting authorisation levels, defining organisational structure, defining 
the system of internal control and reviewing it on a regular basis, and

--- Page 14 ---
- 14 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
approving the bank's accounts and interim statements. Day-to-day 
management is entrusted to two managing directors. 
Guarantor: 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. (with respect to 
Securities issued by Mediobanca International (Luxembourg) S.A.) 
Description: 
Issuance Programme. 
Arranger: 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Dealer: 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
 
Each of the Issuers may from time to time appoint additional dealers 
under the Programme or terminate their appointment either in respect 
of a single Tranche or in respect of the whole Programme. 
Fiscal Agent: 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch. will act as 
Fiscal Agent in respect of the Securities except for Securities in 
dematerialised form deposited directly with Monte Titoli S.p.A. 
("Monte Titoli"). 
Italian Paying Agent: 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. will act as Italian 
Paying Agent with respect to Securities in dematerialised form which 
are deposited directly with Monte Titoli (which role will include the 
role of Fiscal Agent with respect to such Securities). 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Securities may be issued in any currency or currencies as 
the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable), and the relevant 
Dealer so agree. 
Method of Issue: 
The Securities may be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
The Securities will be issued in one or more Series (which may be 
issued on the same date or which may be issued in more than one 
Tranche on different dates). The Securities may be issued in Tranches 
on a continuous basis with no minimum issue size, subject to 
compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and directives. Further 
Securities may be issued as part of an existing Series. 
Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus: 
Securities issued under the Programme may be issued either (i) 
pursuant to this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms or (ii) 
pursuant to a Drawdown Prospectus. The Terms and Conditions 
applicable to any particular Tranche of Securities are the Terms and 
Conditions of the Securities as completed by the relevant Final Terms 
or, as the case may be, the relevant Drawdown Prospectus. 
References in this General Description of the Issuance Programme to 
the Final Terms shall, where applicable, be read as references to the 
Drawdown Prospectus relating to the Securities, as the case may be. 
Form of Securities: 
 
 
 
 
Unless otherwise provided in the Final Terms, each issue of Securities 
will on issue date be represented either by a Temporary Global Security 
or a Permanent Global Security as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms. The Temporary Global Security will be exchangeable either, in 
accordance with its terms, for a Permanent Global Security or for 
Definitive Securities. The Permanent Global Security will be 
exchangeable in limited circumstances for Definitive Securities. Each 
Temporary Global Security and each Permanent Global Security will 
be held by a common depository on behalf of Euroclear and

--- Page 15 ---
- 15 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system 
and/or deposited directly with Monte Titoli S.p.A. 
If the Securities are issued and held in dematerialised form, the 
Securities will not be represented by paper certificates and the transfer 
and exchange of Securities will take place exclusively through an 
electronic book-entry system managed by Monte Titoli S.p.A. or any 
other Centralised Custodian appointed by the Issuers. Accordingly, all 
Securities of the same tranche shall be held by their owners with an 
intermediary participant in the relevant Centralised Custodian. The 
intermediary will in turn hold the Securities with the Centralised 
Custodian. In such circumstances, it will not be possible for a 
Securityholder to obtain physical delivery of Securities certificates 
representing the Securities.  
Type of Securities: 
The Issuer may issue Index Securities, Share Securities, ETI Securities, 
Currency Securities, Debt Securities, Fund Securities, Inflation Index 
Securities, Futures Securities and Underlying Interest Rate Securities. 
The Securities may also be Open End Warrants and OET Warrants. 
The Securities may also be Hybrid Securities where the Underlying 
Reference may be any combination of such indices (or index futures or 
options contracts), shares, interests in exchange traded instruments, 
debt instruments (or debt futures or options contracts), inflation 
indices, currencies (or currency futures contracts), funds, futures 
contracts, underlying interest rates or other asset classes or type. 
The Securities may be European Style Warrants or American Style 
Warrants. 
Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities: 
Securities: the applicable terms of the Securities will comprise: 
 
the "Security Conditions", commencing on page 72 of this 
Base Prospectus; 
 
where the Securities are linked to one or more Underlying 
Reference, the terms and conditions relating to such 
Underlying Reference(s) set out in the "Additional Terms and 
Conditions" relating to the relevant Underlying Reference(s), 
commencing on page 269 of this Base Prospectus and ending 
on page 401, which are specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
 
the "autocall" terms (if any) of the Warrants set forth in the 
Security Condition 19.9 (Automatic Early Expiration) and 
Annex 1 to the Conditions (Additional Terms and Conditions 
Relating to Formulas), which are specified to be applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
 
the "payout" terms of the Warrants set forth in Security 
Condition 18.2 (Cash Settlement), 18.3 (Physical Settlement) 
and Annex 1 to the Conditions (Additional Terms and 
Conditions Relating to Formulas), which are specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
The terms of a Series of Securities are comprised of (i) the Security 
Conditions, (ii) the Annex relevant to the relevant Underlying 
References and (iii) if selected in the applicable Final Terms, the Final 
Payouts, Automatic Early Expiration Payouts and Entitlements in

--- Page 16 ---
- 16 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
respect of the Warrants selected from Annex 1 to the Conditions (the 
"Formulas Conditions") specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
the related variables specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Status of the Securities: 
Securities constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the relevant Issuer and rank pari passu among 
themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred 
by law (also subject to the bail-in instruments as implemented under 
Italian law, in case of Securities issued by Mediobanca, or Luxemburg 
law, in case of Securities issued by Mediobanca International)) rank 
equally with all other unsecured obligations other than subordinated 
obligations, if any of the relevant Issuer from time to time outstanding. 
Guarantee: 
Under the Deed of Guarantee, and in accordance with the terms and 
subject to the limitations thereof, Mediobanca unconditionally and 
irrevocably guarantees payment of all amounts due and the 
performance of any non-cash delivery obligations in respect of 
Securities issued by Mediobanca International. Pursuant to the 
Guarantee, the Guarantor has the right to elect not to deliver or procure 
the delivery of any entitlement to holders of Securities, but in lieu 
thereof to pay a cash amount. See also Security Condition 2.2 (Status 
of Guarantee) of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities. 
Status of the Guarantee: 
The payment obligations of the Guarantor under the Deed of Guarantee 
constitute – in accordance with the terms and subject to the limitations 
thereof – direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Guarantor which will rank at all times at least pari 
passu without any preference among themselves and equally with all 
other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Guarantor (save for certain mandatory exceptions of applicable law 
and subject to the application of the bail-in legislation applicable to the 
Guarantor). See also Security Condition 2.2 (Status of Guarantee) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Securities. In particular, pursuant to 
the Deed of Guarantee, to the extent the Guarantor is incorporated in 
the Republic of Italy and to the extent under the applicable law in force 
at the relevant time a cap to the maximum amount to be guaranteed is 
required, the Guarantor shall only be liable up to an amount which is 
the aggregate of 110 per cent. of an amount equal to the sum of the 
Exercise Price of each Security of any Tranche of the Securities (in 
each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms). In addition, 
pursuant to the Deed of Guarantee, the Guarantor has also undertaken 
to issue an additional guarantee in an amount equal to any liability 
exceeding the maximum amount mentioned above in relation to any 
Tranche. 
Taxation in respect of Securities: 
All payments in respect of Securities shall be made subject to any such 
tax, duty, withholding or other payment which may be required to be 
made, paid, withheld or deducted and no additional amount shall be 
payable to any relevant Securityholder in respect of any such tax, duty, 
withholding or other payment. 
Governing Law: 
If it is specified in the Final Terms that English law is applicable to the 
Securities, the Securities and all related contractual documentation and 
any contractual or non-contractual obligations arising from or 
connected with the Securities (or such related contractual 
documentation) will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, 
English law, save for the status provisions applicable to the Securities 
and the contractual recognition of bail-in powers provisions, and any 
non contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with such 
provisions, which shall be governed by, and construed in accordance 
with, Italian law (if the Securities are issued by Mediobanca) or

--- Page 17 ---
- 17 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
Luxembourg law (if the Securities are issued by Mediobanca 
International), as applicable. If it is specified in the Final Terms that 
Italian law is applicable to the Securities, the Securities will be 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law, 
save, in case Securities are issued by Mediobanca International, for the 
status provisions applicable to the Securities and the contractual 
recognition of bail-in powers provisions, and any non contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with such provisions, which 
shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Luxembourg 
law. Articles 470-1 to 470-19 of the Luxembourg law dated 10 August 
1915 on commercial companies, as amended, are not applicable to the 
Securities. 
Listing and Admission to Trading: 
The Central Bank of Ireland has approved this document as a Base 
Prospectus. Application has also been made for Securities issued under 
the Programme to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext 
Dublin") and to be listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin. 
Application may also be made for certain Securities issued under the 
Programme (i) to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange to be admitted to 
trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to 
be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The 
Securities may also be admitted to trading (i) on the multilateral trading 
facility of securitised derivatives financial instruments, organised and 
managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (the "SeDeX") and (ii) on the 
multilateral trading facility of EuroTLX managed by Borsa Italiana 
S.p.A.  ("EuroTLX"). The applicable Final Terms will specify 
whether or not application will be made for the Securities to be listed 
and/or admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin and/or the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and/or SeDeX and/or EuroTLX. 
The Programme provides that Securities may be listed or admitted to 
trading (as the case may be) on such other or further stock exchange(s) 
or market(s) or multilateral trading facility(ies) as may be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable) and the 
relevant Dealer (as defined in "Plan of Distribution"). Unlisted 
Securities or Securities not admitted to trading on any trading venue 
may also be issued. 
The Central Bank may, at the request of the relevant Issuer, send to the 
competent authority of another European Economic Area member state 
(i) a copy of this Base Prospectus; and (ii) a certificate of approval 
pursuant to Article 25(1) of the Prospectus Regulation attesting that 
this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation (an "Attestation Certificate"). 
Notice of the aggregate amount of Securities, issue price of Securities 
and any other terms and conditions not contained herein which are 
applicable to each Tranche (as defined below) of Securities will be set 
out in the final terms relating to the Securities (the "Final Terms") 
which will be delivered to the Central Bank and, with respect to 
Securities to be listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin, will be 
delivered to Euronext Dublin and, with respect to Securities to be listed 
on any other or further Stock Exchange, will be delivered to the 
relevant Stock Exchange. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Securities are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which 
stock exchanges and/or markets and/or trading venue.

--- Page 18 ---
- 18 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
Selling Restrictions: 
See "Plan of Distribution".

--- Page 19 ---
- 19 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuers and the Guarantor believe that the following factors may affect their ability to fulfil their obligations 
under the Securities and the Guarantee issued under the Programme. Most of these factors are contingencies 
which may or may not occur. In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks 
associated with Securities issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuers and the Guarantor believe that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in 
investing in Securities issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuers and the Guarantor to pay 
interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Securities or the Guarantee may occur for other 
reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuers and the Guarantor based on information 
currently available to them or which they may not currently be able to anticipate. 
Investors should be aware that they may lose the value of their entire investment or part of it, as the case may be. 
The purchase of Securities involves substantial risks and is suitable only for investors who have the knowledge 
and experience in financial and business matters necessary to enable them to evaluate the risks and the merits of 
an investment in the Securities. Before making an investment decision, prospective investors should ensure that 
they understand the nature of the Securities and the extent of their exposure to risks and that they consider 
carefully, in the light of their own financial circumstances, financial condition and investment objectives, all the 
information set forth in this Base Prospectus and as supplemented from time to time. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with the Base Prospectus and/or the Final Terms, or any other information supplied in connection with 
the Securities and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by the relevant Issuer or the Dealer. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and 
reach their own views, based upon their own judgement and upon advice from such financial, legal and tax 
advisers as they have deemed necessary, prior to making any investment decision. 
Words and expressions defined in "Form of Final Terms", "Terms and Conditions" or elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus have the same meaning in this section. Prospective investors should read the entire Base Prospectus. 
In this section, "Issuer" refers to Mediobanca and/or to Mediobanca International as appropriate. 
1. 
Material Risks that are specific to the Issuers and that may affect the Issuers' ability to fulfil their 
obligations under the Securities  
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
(A) 
Risks relating to the Issuers' activities and the market where the Issuers operate; 
(B) 
Risks relating to the Issuers' financial situation; and 
(C) 
Risks relating to the legal and regulatory framework. 
 
(A) 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUERS' ACTIVITIES AND THE MARKET WHERE THE ISSUERS AND THE 
GROUP OPERATE.  
Systemic risks in connection with the economic/financial crisis and the Covid-19 Pandemic 
The evolution of the macroeconomic scenario could negatively affect the economic and financial situation of the 
Issuer and/or of the Mediobanca Group, and in particular its liquidity, profitability and capital solidity, leading 
the Issuers and/or the Mediobanca Group to incur losses, increase the cost of financing and reduce the value of 
assets held.  
The Issuers' performance is also influenced by the general economic situation, both national and for the Eurozone 
as a whole, and by the trend on financial markets, in particular by the solidity and growth prospects of the 
geographical areas in which the Issuers operate. The macroeconomic scenario currently reflects considerable areas

--- Page 20 ---
- 20 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
of uncertainty, in relation to: (a)  the trends in the real economy with reference to the prospects of recovery and 
growth in the national economy and/or resilience of growth in the economies of those countries, such as the United 
States and China, which have delivered growth, even substantial, in recent years; (b) future developments in the 
monetary policy of the European Central Bank for the Eurozone area, and the U.S. Federal Reserve Board for the 
US dollar area, and the policies implemented by various countries to devalue their own currencies for competitive 
reasons; (c) the sustainability of the sovereign debt of certain countries, and the tensions noted more or less 
frequently on financial markets. 
In this respect, the outbreak of Covid-19 pandemic, which began in China at the end of January 2020 and expanded 
globally in a few months, has had and is still having significant negative consequences on the overall scenario and 
in turn on the Italian banking sector in which the Issuer operates. Furthermore, the measures implemented by the 
competent authorities, and mainly the Italian Government, on the one side, helped facing the health emergency, 
while on the other had massive negative consequences in human, social and economic terms. Indeed, such 
measures led to a reduction in revenues on the majority of the corporate customers, an increase of costs related to 
the actions necessary to contain and prevent the spread of Covid-19 and, in turn, on the ability to pay existing debt 
(potentially also vis-à-vis the Issuer) and on current employment levels. Any of such circumstances may have an 
impact on the Issuers' results and, in turn, on the Issuers' ability to pay interest or repay principal under the 
Securities. 
Despite the actions taken so far by the Italian government, the regulatory bodies of the European Union and the 
relevant member states to mitigate the negative impacts of the anti-Covid-19 measures and support the economic 
recovery (including the adoption of the recovery plan named “NextGenerationEU”), significant uncertainties still 
remain about the evolution, severity and duration of the pandemic. Should the Covid-19 pandemic and the 
consequent economic crisis situation persist in the forthcoming months, further negative impacts may arise on the 
Issuers' business situation, also due to the fact that such crisis situation increase the materiality of most of the risks 
to which the Issuer is exposed to, which are detailed below, and in turn the Group's results and financial condition 
might be materially adversely affected. 
The Issuers' financial results are affected by changes in interest rates 
Fluctuations in interest rates in Italy and in the other markets in which the Mediobanca Group operates influence 
the Mediobanca Group's performance. The results of each Issuer's banking operations are affected by its 
management of interest rate sensitivity (i.e. Interest rate sensitivity refers to the relationship between changes in 
market interest rates and changes in net interest income). A mismatch of interest- earning assets and interest-
bearing liabilities in any given period, which tends to accompany changes in interest rates, may have a material 
effect on the Issuers' financial condition or results of operations. 
The Issuers' financial results may be affected by market declines and volatility 
The results of the Issuers may be affected by general economic, financial and other business conditions. During 
recessionary periods, there may be less demand for loan products and a greater number of the Issuers' customers 
may default on their loans or other obligations. Interest rate rises may also impact the demand for mortgages and 
other loan products. The risk arising from the impact of the economy and business climate on the credit quality 
of the Issuers' borrowers and counterparties, including sovereign states, can affect the overall credit quality and 
the recoverability of loans and amounts due from counterparties. 
The Issuers are therefore exposed by its very nature to potential changes in the value of financial instruments, 
including securities issued by sovereign states, due to fluctuations in interest rates, exchange rates and currencies, 
stock market and commodities prices and credit spreads, and/or other risks. 
The Issuers are subject to credit risk and market risk 
Credit risk relates to the risk of loss arising from counterparty default or, more generally, from counterparties 
failure to perform their contractual obligations. Therefore, the Issuers' business depends on the creditworthiness 
of its borrowers and counterparties, including sovereign states, which can affect the recoverability of loans and 
amounts due to the Issuers. 
Notwithstanding any policy implemented to hedge or otherwise manage their exposure to credit risk, the Issuers 
may not have access to all relevant information regarding its customers and their financial position, before 
granting loans. Any failure to properly understand the financial and economic profile of their customers could 
have an adverse effect on the Issuers' business and financial results. 
In addition, during recessionary periods, there may be less demand for loan products and a greater number of the

--- Page 21 ---
- 21 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
Issuers' customers may default on their loans or other obligations. Interest rate rises may also impact the demand 
for mortgages and other loan products. The risk arising from the impact of the economy and business climate on 
the credit quality of the Issuers' borrowers and counterparties, including sovereign states, can affect the overall 
credit quality and the recoverability of loans and amounts due from counterparties, with a consequent negative 
impact on the Issuers' business and financial results.  
Market risk relates to the risk arising from market transactions in connection with financial instruments, currencies 
and commodities. The Issuers' trading revenues are dependent upon its ability to identify properly, and mark to 
market, changes in the value of financial instruments caused by changes in market prices or interest rates. The 
Issuers' financial results also depend upon how effectively the Issuers determine and assess the cost of credit and 
manages their credit risk and market risk concentration. In addition, due to market fluctuations, weak economic 
conditions and/or a decline in stock and bond prices, trading volumes or liquidity, the Issuers' financial results 
may also be affected by a downturn in the revenues deriving from their margin interests, principal transactions, 
investment banking and securities trading fees and brokerage activities. 
The credit and capital markets have been experiencing extreme volatility and disruption in recent months. To the 
extent that any of the instruments and strategies the Issuers use to hedge or otherwise manage their exposure to 
credit or capital markets risk are not effective, the Issuers may not be able to mitigate effectively their risk 
exposures in particular market environments or against particular types of risk. The Issuers' trading revenues and 
interest rate risk are dependent upon their ability to identify properly, and mark to market, changes in the value of 
financial instruments caused by changes in market prices or interest rates. The Issuers' financial results also depend 
upon how effectively the Issuers determine and assess the cost of credit and manage their credit risk and market 
risk concentration. In addition, due to market fluctuations, weak economic conditions and/or a decline in stock 
and bond prices, trading volumes or liquidity, the Issuers' financial results may also be affected by a downturn in 
the revenues deriving from its margin interests, principal transactions, investment banking and securities trading 
fees and brokerage activities. 
Risk relating to the Issuers investment banking and financial advisory activities 
The Issuers' investment banking revenues, in the form of financial advisory and debt and equity underwriting fees, 
are directly related to the number and size of the transactions in which the Issuers participate and may be impacted 
by continued or further credit market dislocations or sustained market downturns. Sustained market downturns or 
continued or further credit market dislocations and liquidity issues would also likely lead to a decline in the 
volume of capital market transactions that the Issuers execute for their clients and, therefore, to a decline in the 
revenues that it receives from commissions and spreads earned from the trades the Issuer executes for its clients. 
Further, to the extent that potential acquirers are unable to obtain adequate credit and financing on favourable 
terms, they may be unable or unwilling to consider or complete acquisition transactions, and as a result the Issuers' 
merger and acquisition advisory practice would suffer. 
In addition, declines in the market value of securities can result in the failure of buyers and sellers of securities to 
fulfil their settlement obligations, and in the failure of the Issuers' clients to fulfil their credit obligations. During 
market downturns, the Issuers' counterparties in securities transactions may be less likely to complete transactions. 
Also, the Issuers often permit their clients to purchase securities on margin or, in other words, to borrow a portion 
of the purchase price from the Issuers and collateralize the loan with a set percentage of the securities. During 
steep declines in securities prices, the value of the collateral securing margin purchases may drop below the 
amount of the purchasers' indebtedness. If the clients are unable to provide additional collateral for these loans, 
the Issuers may lose money on these margin transactions. In addition, particularly during market downturns, the 
Issuers may face additional expenses defending or pursuing claims or litigation related to counterparty or client 
defaults.  
Risks connected to the presence of OTC derivatives in the Group's portfolio 
The investors should note that the portfolio of the Group contains so-called "over the counter" ("OTC") 
derivatives. The fair value of these OTC derivatives depends upon both the valuation and the perceived credit risk 
of the instrument insured or guaranteed or against which protection has been bought and the credit quality of the 
protection provider. Market counterparties have been adversely affected by their exposure to residential mortgage 
linked products, and their perceived creditworthiness has deteriorated significantly since 2007. Although the 
Group seeks to limit and manage direct exposure to market counterparties, indirect exposure may exist through 
other financial arrangements and counterparties. If the financial condition of market counterparties or their 
perceived creditworthiness deteriorates further, the Group may record further credit valuation adjustments on the 
underlying instruments insured by such parties.

--- Page 22 ---
- 22 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
Any primary or indirect exposure to the financial condition or creditworthiness of these counterparties could have 
a material adverse impact on the results of operations, financial condition and prospects of the Group. 
Risk relating to intense competition, especially in the Italian market, where the Group has the largest 
concentration of its business 
Competition is intense in all of the Mediobanca Group's primary business areas in Italy and the other countries in 
which the Mediobanca Group conducts its business. The Mediobanca Group derives most of its total banking 
income from its banking activities in Italy, a mature market where competitive pressures have been increasing 
quickly. If the Mediobanca Group is unable to continue to respond to the competitive environment in Italy with 
attractive product and service offerings that are profitable for the Mediobanca Group, it may lose market share in 
important areas of its business or incur losses on some or all of its activities.  
The Issuers are subject to operational risk 
The adverse effects on the Issuers may impact on whether they can make the payments due on the Securities 
issued under the Programme. The Issuers, like all financial institutions, are exposed to many types of operational 
risk, including the risk of fraud by employees and outsiders, unauthorised transactions by employees or 
operational errors, including errors resulting from faulty computer or telecommunication systems. The Issuers' 
systems and processes are designed to ensure that the operational risks associated with the Issuers' activities are 
appropriately monitored. Any failure or weakness in these systems, however, could adversely affect the Issuers' 
financial performance and business activities.  
The Issuers' operation is dependent upon the correct functioning of the IT systems, which might expose the 
Group to certain risks  
The financial losses or impacts on the Issuers' operations that may arise may impact on whether they can make 
the payments due on the Securities issued under the Programme. The Issuers' operation depends on, among other 
things, the correct and adequate operation of the Issuers' IT systems, as well as their continuous maintenance and 
constant updating. 
Although the Issuers have always invested significant resources in upgrading its IT systems and improving its 
defense and monitoring systems, possible risks remain with regard to the reliability of the systems (e.g. disaster 
recovery), the quality and integrity of the data managed and the threats to which IT systems are subject, as well 
as physiological risks related to the management of software changes (change management), which could have 
negative effects on the Issuers' business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Among the risks that the Issuers might face relating to the management of IT systems are the possible violations 
of its systems due to unauthorised access to the Issuers' corporate network or IT resources, the introduction of 
viruses into computers or any other form of abuse committed via internet. Like attempted hacking, such violations 
have become more frequent over the years throughout the world and therefore can threaten the protection of 
information relating to the Issuers and their customers and can have negative effects on the integrity of the Issuers' 
IT systems, as well as on the confidence of their customers and on the Issuers reputation, with possible negative 
effects on the Issuers' business, results of operations and financial condition. 
In addition, the Issuers' substantial investment in resources in software development creates the risk that when 
one or more of the above-mentioned circumstances occurs, the Issuers' may suffer financial losses or impacts on 
the Issuers' operations if the software is destroyed or seriously damaged, or will incur repair costs for the violated 
IT systems. 
(B) 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUERS' FINANCIAL SITUATION 
Liquidity Risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Issuers will be unable to meet their obligations as they fall due, because of their 
inability to obtain funding (i.e., funding liquidity risk) and/or because of their difficulties to sell assets without 
incurring in a capital loss due to the illiquid nature of the market (i.e., market liquidity risk). 
The liquidity of the Issuers may be affected by (i) national and international markets' volatility; (ii) potential 
adverse developments of general economic, financial and other business conditions; (iii) circumstances making 
the Issuers temporarily unable to obtain access to capital markets by issuing debt instruments; (iv) credit spreads; 
(v) regulatory developments in the prudential requirements field; and (vi) variations in the Issuers' 
creditworthiness – which may affect the aforementioned market liquidity risk. All the above circumstances may

--- Page 23 ---
- 23 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
derive from factors – as market disruptions – which do not depend on the Issuers' will, but may adversely affect 
their liquidity profile. 
Risks in connection with the exposure of the Group to Eurozone sovereign debt 
In carrying out its activities, the Group holds substantial volumes of public-sector bonds, including bonds issued 
by European countries. The Group's total exposure in this respect as at 30 June 2021 is set out in the tables A.1.2a 
and A.1.2b of Part E on page 270 of the audited consolidated annual financial statements of Mediobanca as at 
and for the year ended 30 June 2021 incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. This could give rise to 
operational disruptions to the Group's business. 
Thus, any negative developments in the Group's sovereign exposure could adversely affect its results of 
operations, business and financial condition. 
Risks connected to a potential rating downgrade 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, Mediobanca is rated (i) A-2 (short-term Issuer Credit Rating "ICR"), BBB 
(long-term ICR) and positive (outlook) by S&P, (ii) F3 (short-term Issuer Default Rating "IDR"), BBB- (long-
term IDR) and stable (outlook) by Fitch and (iii) P-2 (short-term Counterparty Risk and Deposits Rating), Baa1 
(long-term Counterparty Risk and Deposits Rating) and stable (outlook) by Moody's. Each of S&P, Fitch and 
Moody's are established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit 
rating agencies, (as amended from time to time) (the "CRA Regulation") as set out in the list of credit rating 
agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation published on the website of the European Securities 
and Markets Authority pursuant to the CRA Regulation.  
A downgrade of Mediobanca's rating (for whatever reason) might result in higher funding and refinancing costs 
for Mediobanca in the capital markets. In addition, a downgrade of Mediobanca's rating may limit Mediobanca's 
opportunities to extend mortgage loans and may have a particularly adverse effect on Mediobanca's image as a 
participant in the capital markets, as well as in the eyes of its clients. These factors may have an adverse effect on 
Mediobanca's financial condition and/or the results of its operations. 
In addition, Mediobanca's credit ratings are potentially exposed to the risk of reductions in the sovereign credit 
rating of the Republic of Italy. On the basis of the methodologies used by rating agencies, any downgrades of 
Italy's credit rating may have a potential knock-on effect on the credit rating of Italian issuers such as Mediobanca 
and make it more likely that the credit rating of Securities issued under the Programme are downgraded. 
(C) 
RISKS RELATING TO THE LEGAL AND REGULATORY FRAMEWORK 
Changes in the Italian and European regulatory framework could adversely affect the Issuer's business 
Mediobanca is subject to extensive regulation and supervision by the Bank of Italy, the Commissione Nazionale 
per le Società e la Borsa (the Italian securities market regulator or "CONSOB") the European Central Bank and 
the European System of Central Banks. Mediobanca International is subject to extensive regulation and 
supervision by the CSSF, the European Central Bank and the European System of Central Banks. 
The banking laws to which the Issuers are subject govern the activities in which banks and foundations may 
engage and are designed to maintain the safety and soundness of banks, and limit their exposure to risk. In 
addition, the Issuers must comply with financial services laws that govern their marketing and selling practices. 
The regulatory framework governing the international financial markets is currently being amended in response 
to the credit crisis, and new legislation and regulations are being introduced in Italy and the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg and could significantly alter the Issuers' capital requirements. 
The supervisory authorities mentioned above govern various aspects of the Issuers, which may include, among 
other things, liquidity levels and capital adequacy, the prevention and combating of money laundering, privacy 
protection, ensuring transparency and fairness in customer relations and registration and reporting obligations. In 
order to operate in compliance with these regulations, the Issuers have in place specific procedures and internal 
policies. Despite the existence of these procedures and policies, there can be no assurance that violations of 
regulations will not occur, which could adversely affect the Group's results of operations, business and financial 
condition. The above risks are compounded by the fact that, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, certain laws 
and regulations have only been approved and the relevant implementation procedures are still in the process of 
being developed.

--- Page 24 ---
- 24 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
The Bank Recovery and Resolution Package is intended to enable a range of actions to be taken in relation to 
credit institutions and investment firms considered to be at risk of failing. The implementation of the directive 
or the taking of any action under it could materially affect the value of any Securities 
Directive 2014/59/EU (the "BRRD") as amended by Directive 2017/2399 (the "BRRD Amending Directive") 
and Directive 2019/879 (the "BRRD II" and, jointly with the BRRD and the BRRD Amending Directive, the 
"BRRD Package") provides for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of 
credit institutions and investment firms in the EEA. The BRRD has been implemented in (i) Italy through the 
adoption of the Legislative Decrees No. 180/2015 and 181/2015 and (ii) the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg through 
the adoption of the Law of 18 December 2015. 
The BRRD Package contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or in combination where 
the relevant resolution authority considers that: (a) an institution is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no 
reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure of such institution 
within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest: (i) sale of business - which 
enables resolution authorities to direct the sale of the firm or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms; 
(ii) bridge institution - which enables resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the business of the firm to a 
"bridge institution" (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or partially in public control); (iii) asset 
separation - which enables resolution authorities to transfer assets to one or more publicly owned asset 
management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to maximising their value through eventual sale 
or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with another resolution tool only); and (iv) bail-in - which gives 
resolution authorities the power to write down certain claims of unsecured creditors of a failing institution and to 
convert certain unsecured debt claims into shares or other instruments of ownership (i.e. shares, other instruments 
that confer ownership, instruments that are convertible into or give the right to acquire shares or other instruments 
of ownership, and instruments representing interests in shares or other instruments of ownership) (the "General 
Bail-in Tool"), which equity could also be subject to any future application of the General Bail-In Tool. 
In addition to the General Bail-in Tool, the BRRD Package provides for resolution authorities to have the further 
power to permanently write-down or convert into equity capital instruments such as subordinated notes at the 
point of non-viability and before or concurrently with any other resolution action is taken ("non-viability loss 
absorption"). Any shares issued to holders of the Securities upon any such conversion into equity capital 
instruments may also be subject to any application of the General Bail-in Tool. 
For the purposes of the application of any non-viability loss absorption measure, the point of non-viability under 
the BRRD Package is the point at which the relevant authority determines that the institution or its group meets 
the conditions for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) or that the institution and/or its group 
will no longer be viable unless the relevant capital instruments are written-down or converted or extraordinary 
public support is to be provided and the appropriate authority determines that without such support the institution 
would no longer be viable. 
In the context of these resolution tools, the resolution authorities have the power to amend or alter the maturity of 
debt instruments and other eligible liabilities issued by an institution under resolution or amend the amount of 
interest payable under such instruments and other eligible liabilities, or the date on which the interest becomes 
payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period, except for those secured liabilities which are 
subject to Article 44(2) of the BRRD. 
Moreover, the European Commission has proposed a harmonised national insolvency ranking of unsecured debt 
instruments to facilitate credit institutions' issuance of such loss absorbing debt instruments, by creating, inter alia, 
a new asset class of "non-preferred" senior debt instruments with a lower rank than ordinary senior unsecured 
debt instruments in insolvency. In such perspective, the proposed amendments to Article 108 of the BRRD aim at 
enhancing the implementation of the bail-in tool and at facilitating the application of the "minimum requirement 
for own funds and eligible liabilities" ("MREL") requirement concerning the loss absorption and recapitalisation 
capacity of credit institutions and investment firms. As such, the amendments provide an additional means for 
credit institutions and certain other institutions to comply with the forthcoming MREL requirement and improve 
their resolvability, without constraining their respective funding strategies. 
The powers set out in the BRRD Package and the application of the MREL requirement will impact credit 
institutions and investment firms and how they are managed as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of 
creditors under the Programme. 
Risk related to major regulatory changes

--- Page 25 ---
- 25 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
In the wake of the global financial crisis that began in 2008, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision 
approved a number of capital adequacy and liquidity requirements ("Basel III") aimed at reaching higher and 
better-quality capital and risk coverage and at implementing measures to promote the build-up of capital that can 
be drawn down in periods of stress, the introduction of a leverage ratio as a backstop to the risk-based requirement 
as well as two global liquidity standards. The Basel III framework adopted a gradual approach, with the 
requirements to be implemented over time, with full enforcement in 2019.  
Moreover, the Basel Committee has embarked on a very significant risk weighted assets ("RWAs") variability 
agenda. This includes the Fundamental Review of the Trading Book, revised standardised approaches (e.g. credit, 
market, operational risk), constraints to the use of internal models as well as the introduction of a capital floor. 
The regulator's primary aim is to eliminate unwarranted levels of RWA variance. The new setup will have a 
significant impact on risk modelling. From a credit risk perspective, an impact is expected both on capital held 
against the exposures assessed via standardised approach and on those evaluated via an internal ratings based 
approach ("IRB"), due to the introduction of capital floors that, according to the new framework, will be calculated 
based on the revised standardised approach. Implementation of these new rules on risk models will take effect 
from 1 January 2022. 
At the European level, the Basel III rules have been implemented through two separate legislative instruments: 
Directive 2013/36/EU of 26 June 2013, as amended (the "CRD IV Directive") and Regulation (EU) No. 575 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and 
investment firms (the "CRR" and together with the CRD IV Directive, the "CRD IV"). 
The CRD IV has been amended, as well as the BRRD and the SRM Regulation, following the adoption of a 
comprehensive reform package first announced by the European Commission in November 2016 (the "EU 
Banking Reform"). In particular, the EU Banking Reform consists of: 
 
Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the CRD 
IV Directive as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, 
remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation measures (the "CRD V"); 
 
Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the 
CRR as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible 
liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective 
investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements (the "CRR II"); 
 
Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the Bank 
Recovery and Resolution Directive as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit 
institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC (the "BRRD II"); and 
 
Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 as regards the loss absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit 
institutions and investment firms (the "SRMR II"). 
These recently introduced banking reforms as well as other laws and regulations that may be adopted in the future 
could result in additional charges and obligations to be fulfilled by the Issuer, which could impact negatively on 
the Issuer’s operating results and its earnings, capital and financial situation. 
Risks related to changes in fiscal law 
These recently introduced banking reforms as well as other laws and regulations that may be adopted in the future 
could adversely affect the Issuer's business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. 
The Issuers are subject to risks associated with changes in tax law or in the interpretation of tax law, changes in 
tax rates and consequences arising from non-compliance with procedures required by tax authorities. Any 
legislative changes affecting the calculation of taxes could therefore have an impact on the Issuers' financial 
condition, results of operations and cash flow. 
With particular reference to Mediobanca, Mediobanca is required to pay Italian corporate income taxes ("IRES") 
pursuant to Title II of Italian Presidential Decree no. 917 of 22 December 1986 (i.e. the Consolidated Income Tax 
Law, or "TUIR") and the Italian regional business tax ("IRAP") pursuant to Legislative Decree no. 446 of 15 
December 1997, and the amount of taxes due and payable by Mediobanca may be affected by tax benefits from 
time to time available.

--- Page 26 ---
- 26 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
Mediobanca currently benefits from the stimulus provisions introduced by way of article 1 of Italian Law Decree 
no. 201 of 6 December 2011, as amended and converted into Law no. 214 of 22 December 2011, concerning 
"economic-growth allowances" (aiuto alla crescita economica, or "ACE"). The ACE rules allow for a deduction 
from net income for the purposes of IRES of an amount computed by applying a notional yield at a rate of 1.3% 
from 2019 onwards to the increase in net equity (the "ACE Base"). The ACE base is, for the first year of 
application of ACE (i.e. 2011), the amount of equity existing at close of that year less the amount of equity as 
of 31 December 2010 (excluding profits earned in 2010) and, for subsequent years, the base carried forward 
from the previous year as adjusted (increased and reduced) to reflect components affecting equity. 
In accordance with article 3 of the Italian Ministerial Decree of 3 August 2017 revising the implementing 
provisions of the ACE legislation, if the amount of the notional yield (i.e. the ACE deduction) exceeds net 
income declared for a given tax year (the "Excess ACE"), such excess (i) may increase the amount deductible 
from income in subsequent tax years without time or amount limits, or (ii) may be converted into a tax credit 
calculated by applying the IRES tax rate, as per article 77 of the TUIR, to the Excess ACE amount and then 
utilised in five annual instalments of equal amount as an offset to IRAP up to the amount of tax due for the 
period.  
From time to time, the Italian budget law may also include provisions that affect the deductibility of particular 
items that could result in an increase in the taxable income of the Issuer for IRES and/or IRAP purposes, either 
in general or for specific tax period(s). 
The Issuer may be affected by new accounting and regulatory standards 
The potentially negative effects on the estimates contained in the financial plans for future years may impact on 
whether the Issuers can make the payments due on the Securities issued under the Programme. Following the 
entry into force and subsequent application of new accounting standards and/or regulatory rules and/or the 
amendment of existing standards and rules, the Issuer may have to revise the accounting and regulatory treatment 
of some operations and the related income and expense, with potentially negative effects on the estimates 
contained in the financial plans for future years and with the need to restate already published financial statements. 
The transposition of the Anti-Tax Avoidance Directives in Luxembourg law could have an impact on the tax 
position of Mediobanca International (including its performance) 
As part of its anti-tax avoidance package, and to provide a framework for a harmonised implementation of a 
number of the BEPS conclusions across the EU, the EU Council adopted Council Directive (EU) 2016/1164 
("ATAD 1") on 12 July 2016. The EU Council further adopted Council Directive (EU) 2017/952 ("ATAD 2" and, 
together with the ATAD 1, "ATAD") on 29 May 2017, amending the EU Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive 1, to 
provide for minimum standards for counteracting hybrid mismatches involving EU member states and third 
countries. 
In this respect, the Luxembourg law dated 21 December 2018 (the "ATAD 1 Law") transposed the ATAD 1 into 
Luxembourg legislation.. Amongst the measures contained in the ATAD 1 Law there is an interest deductibility 
limitation rule. 
The interest deduction limitation rule set out by ATAD 1 has been implemented in article 168bis of the 
Luxembourg income tax law ("LITL") effective as of 1 January 2019, which restrict, for a Luxembourg taxpayer, 
the deduction of net interest expenses qualifying as “exceeding borrowing costs” to the higher of (i) 30 per 
cent. of the taxpayer’s EBITDA, and (ii) €3 million. 
Exceeding borrowing costs are defined as the amount by which the deductible borrowing costs of a taxpayer 
exceeds the taxpayer’s taxable interest revenues and other economically equivalent taxable income of the 
taxpayer. Exceeding borrowing costs not deductible in a tax period can be carried forward indefinitely. The same 
applies to a taxpayer’s excess interest capacity which cannot be used in a given tax period (however, such excess 
interest capacity can only be carried forward for a maximum period of 5 years). 
Financial undertakings, such as credit institutions, are excluded fom the scope of the interest limitation rule, hence, 
considering that Mediobanca International is a credit institution within the meaning of the law dated 5 April 1993, 
it is not impacted by this interest limitation rule. 
EU Anti-Tax Avoidance Directives also contain rules relating to so-called hybrid mismatches. Luxembourg 
implemented the anti-hybrid mismatch rules under ATAD 2 in article 168ter of the LITL with effect as of 1

--- Page 27 ---
- 27 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
January 2020, except for the measures related to reverse hybrid mismatches which will apply as from fiscal year 
2022. 
As per article 168ter of the LITL, a hybrid mismatch arises when a payment between entities located in different 
states results in a double deduction or a deduction without inclusion. In the event of a double deduction, the 
deriving hybrid mismatch should be adjusted by denying the deduction at the level of either (i) the payee or (ii) 
the payor (provided that the deduction has not already been denied at the level of the payee). In the event of a 
deduction without inclusion, the deriving hybrid mismatch shall be adjusted by means of either (i) the denial of 
the deduction at the level of the payor or (ii) the inclusion of the payment in the taxable income of the payee 
(provided that the deduction has not already been denied at the level of the payor). 
A hybrid mismatch occurs only if it arises either (i) between "associated enterprises" or in the case of "acting 
together", (ii) a taxpayer and an associated enterprise, (iii) head office and permanent establishment, (iv) two or 
more permanent establishments of the same entity or (v) in the case of a structured arrangement.  
The impact of ATAD 2 depends on the tax treatment at the level of the relevant holder of Securities and may alter 
the tax position and hence the performance of Mediobanca International. 
2. 
Risks relating to the Securities 
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Securities 
issued under the Programme. 
(A) 
General 
The Securities may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
Each potential investor in the Securities must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its 
own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
proceed with investment only after fully appreciating the risks inherent in the nature of the 
Securities; 
(ii) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Securities, 
the merits and risks of investing in the Securities and the information contained or incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(iii) 
evaluate, in the context of its particular financial situation, an investment in the Securities and 
the impact the Securities will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Securities and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; 
(v) 
consider all of the risks of an investment in the Securities, including Securities with payments 
thereunder payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for payments thereunder 
is different from the potential investor's currency; and 
(vi) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Securities; 
(vii) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
In addition, an investment in Index Securities, Share Securities, ETI Securities, Debt Securities, Currency 
Securities, Inflation Index Securities, Fund Securities, Inflation Index Securities, Futures Securities and 
Underlying Interest Rate Securities may entail significant risks not associated with investments in 
conventional securities such as debt or equity securities, including, but not limited to, the risks set out in 
"Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Securities" set out below.

--- Page 28 ---
- 28 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
Securities are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial 
instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition 
of risk to their overall portfolios. 
A potential investor should not invest in Securities which are complex financial instruments unless it has 
the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Securities will perform under 
changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Securities and the impact this investment 
will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular Issue of Securities 
A wide range of Securities may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Securities may have 
features which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most 
common risks. 
The Securities involve a high degree of risk, which may include (in addition to the risks relating to the 
Issuers (including the default risk) and Guarantor's ability to fulfil their obligations under the Securities 
to investors) price risks associated with the Underlying Reference (as defined below), among others, 
interest rate, foreign exchange, inflation, correlation, time value and political risks. Prospective 
purchasers of Securities should recognise that their Securities may expire worthless or be settled for no 
value. Investors should be prepared to sustain a total loss of the subscription or purchase price of their 
Securities. See "Certain Factors Affecting the Value and Trading Price of Securities" below. Prospective 
investors should be experienced with respect to options and option transactions, should understand the 
risks of transactions involving the relevant Securities and should reach an investment decision only after 
careful consideration, with their advisers, of the suitability of such Securities in light of their particular 
financial circumstances, the information set forth herein and the information regarding the relevant 
Securities and the particular underlying index (or basket of indices), share, GDR or ADR (or basket of 
shares, GDRs and/or ADRs), interests in exchange traded funds, exchange traded notes, exchange traded 
commodities or other exchange traded products (each an "exchange traded instrument") (or basket of 
interests in exchange traded instruments), debt futures or debt options contract (or basket of debt futures 
or debt options contracts), debt instrument (or basket of debt instruments), inflation index (or basket of 
inflation indices), currency (or basket of currencies), fund share or unit (or basket of fund shares or units), 
futures contracts (or basket of futures contracts), or other basis of reference to which the value of the 
relevant Securities may relate, as specified in the applicable Final Terms (such reference being the 
"Underlying Reference"). 
Securities linked to Underlying Reference(s) will represent an investment linked to the economic 
performance of the relevant Underlying Reference(s) and potential investors should note that the return 
(if any) on their investment in such Securities will depend upon the performance of such Underlying 
Reference(s). Securities linked to the difference in performance between two Underlying References (in 
case of Performance Differential Securities) will represent an investment linked to the difference between 
the economic performance of the relevant Underlying Reference(s) and potential investors should note 
that the return (if any) on their investment in such Securities will depend upon the relative performance 
of such Underlying References. Potential investors should also note that whilst the market value of such 
Securities is linked to such Underlying Reference(s) and will be influenced (positively or negatively) by 
such Underlying Reference(s), any change in the market value of such Securities may not be comparable 
to changes in the market value of the Underlying Reference(s). It is impossible to predict how the market 
value of the relevant Underlying Reference(s) will vary over time. 
The exposure to the Underlying Reference in many cases will be achieved by the relevant Issuer entering 
into hedging arrangements. Potential investors should be aware that under the terms of Underlying 
Reference linked Securities they are exposed to the performance of these hedging arrangements and the 
events that may affect these hedging arrangements and consequently the occurrence of any of these 
events may affect the value of the Securities. 
The risk of the loss of some or all of the subscription or purchase price of a Security on settlement means 
that, in order to recover and realise a return upon his or her investment, an investor must generally be 
correct about the direction, timing and magnitude of an anticipated change in the value of the Underlying 
Reference which may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. Assuming all other factors are held 
constant, the lower the value of a Security and the shorter the remaining term to settlement, the greater

--- Page 29 ---
- 29 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
the risk that Securityholders of such Securities will lose all or part of their investment. With respect to 
European Style Warrants, the only means through which a Securityholder can realise value from the 
Securities prior to their Settlement Date is to sell it at their then market price in an available secondary 
market. See "Possible Illiquidity of the Securities in the Secondary Market" below. 
Fluctuations in the value of the relevant index or basket of indices will affect the value of Index Securities 
or Inflation Index Securities. Fluctuations in the price of the relevant share, GDR or ADR or value of the 
basket of shares, GDRs and/or ADRs will affect the value of Share Securities. Fluctuations in the price 
of the relevant interest in an exchange traded instrument or value of the basket of interests in exchange 
traded instruments will affect the value of ETI Securities. Fluctuations in the price or yield of the relevant 
debt instrument or value of the basket of debt instruments will affect the value of Debt Securities. Also, 
the character of the particular market on which a debt instrument is traded, the absence of last sale 
information and the limited availability of quotations for such debt instrument may make it difficult for 
many investors to obtain timely, accurate data for the price or yield of such debt instrument. Fluctuations 
in the value of the relevant inflation index or basket of inflation indices will affect the value of Inflation 
Index Securities. Fluctuations in the rates of exchange between the relevant currencies will affect the 
value of Currency Securities. Fluctuations in the value of the relevant fund share or unit or fund index or 
basket of fund shares or units will affect the value of the Fund Securities. Fluctuations in the value of the 
relevant futures contracts or basket of futures contracts will affect the value of the Futures Securities. In 
the case of Hybrid Securities the Underlying Reference in respect of which is any combination of such 
indices, shares, GDRs, ADRs, interests in exchange traded instruments, debt instruments, futures or 
options contracts, currencies, inflation indices, fund shares, futures contracts, underlying interest rate or 
any other asset class or type, fluctuations in the value of any one or more of such Underlying References 
will correspondingly affect the value of Hybrid Securities. Potential investors risk losing their entire 
investment if the value of the relevant Underlying Reference does not move in the anticipated direction. 
The historical performances of an Underlying Reference should not be viewed as an indication of the 
future performance of such Underlying Reference during the term of any Securities. Accordingly, each 
potential investor should consult its own financial and legal advisers about the risks entailed by an 
investment in any Securities and the suitability of such Securities in light of its particular circumstances. 
Each Issuer may issue several issues of Securities relating to various Underlying References. However, 
no assurance can be given that the relevant Issuer will issue any Securities other than the Securities to 
which a particular Final Terms relates. At any given time, the number of Securities outstanding may be 
substantial. Securities provide opportunities for investment and pose risks to investors as a result of 
fluctuations in the value of the underlying investment. Securities on shares, interests in exchange traded 
instruments, debt instruments or fund shares or units or fund indices are priced primarily on the basis of 
the value of underlying securities whilst Securities on currencies are priced primarily on the basis of 
present and expected values of the reference currency (or basket of currencies) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Potential Loss of the Holder's Investment in the Securities 
Each Securityholder may receive a Cash Settlement Amount and/or physical delivery of the Entitlement 
the aggregate value of which may be less than the value of the Holder's investment in the relevant 
Securities. In certain circumstances Securityholders may lose the entire value of their investment. 
Possible Illiquidity of the Securities in the Secondary Market 
It is very difficult to predict the price at which Securities will trade in the secondary market or whether 
such market will be liquid or illiquid. The Issuer may, but is not obliged to, list or ask for admission to 
trading of Securities on a stock exchange or a trading venue. If the Securities are not listed or admitted 
to trading on any stock exchange or trading venue, pricing information for the Securities may be more 
difficult to obtain and the liquidity of the Securities may be adversely affected. If the Securities are listed 
or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or trading venue, there can be no assurance that at a later 
date, the Securities will not be delisted or that trading on such stock exchange or trading venue will not 
be suspended. In the event of a delisting or suspension of listing or trading on a stock exchange or trading 
venue, the relevant Issuer will use its reasonable efforts to list or obtain the admission to trading of the 
Securities on another stock exchange or trading venue. Also, to the extent Securities of a particular issue 
are settled in part, the number of Securities of such issue outstanding will decrease, resulting in a 
diminished liquidity for the remaining Securities of such issue. A decrease in the liquidity of an issue of

--- Page 30 ---
- 30 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
Securities may cause, in turn, an increase in the volatility associated with the price of such issue of 
Securities. 
Each Issuer and any of its Affiliates may, but is not obliged to, at any time purchase Securities at any 
price in the open market or by tender or private offer/treaty. Any Securities so purchased may be held or 
resold or surrendered for cancellation as further described herein. Each Issuer or any of its Affiliates 
may, but is not obliged to, be a market-maker for an issue of Securities. In those circumstances, the entity 
acting as market-maker will endeavour to maintain a secondary market throughout the life of the 
Securities, subject to normal market conditions and will submit bid and offer prices to the market. The 
spread between bid and offer prices may change during the life of the Securities. However, during certain 
periods, it may be difficult, impractical or impossible for the entity acting as market-maker to quote bid 
and offer prices, and during such periods, it may be difficult, impracticable or impossible to buy or sell 
these Securities. This may, for example, be due to adverse market conditions, volatile prices or large 
price fluctuations, a large marketplace being closed or restricted or experiencing technical problems such 
as an IT system failure or network disruption. 
Even if the relevant Issuer or such other entity is a market-maker for an issue of Securities, the secondary 
market for such Securities may be limited. 
To the extent that an issue of Securities becomes illiquid, an investor may have to exercise such Securities 
(in the case of American Style Warrants) or wait until the Exercise Date (in the case of European Style 
Warrants) to realise value. 
Investors should note that if an entity is appointed as market-maker or liquidity provider with respect to 
the Securities in the secondary market, this may, in certain circumstances, affect the price of the 
Securities in the secondary market. 
In addition, all or part of the Securities issued under this Programme may be subscribed upon issuance 
by the relevant Issuer itself or by its Affiliate(s) for resales thereafter on the basis of investors' demand. 
Accordingly, investors subscribing for Securities upon their issuance should be aware that there may not 
be a viable secondary market for the relevant Securities immediately. Even if a market does develop 
subsequently, it may not be very liquid. 
Risk of Leveraged Exposure 
Leverage involves the use of a number of financial techniques to increase the exposure to an Underlying 
Reference, and can therefore magnify both returns and losses. While the use of leverage allows for 
potential multiples of a return (assuming a return is achieved) when the Underlying Reference moves in 
the anticipated direction, it will conversely magnify losses when the Underlying Reference moves against 
expectations. If the relevant Securities include leverage (such as OET Warrants), potential holders of 
such Securities should note that these Securities will involve a higher level of risk, and that whenever 
there are losses such losses may be higher than those of a similar security which is not leveraged. 
Investors should therefore only invest in leveraged Securities if they fully understand the effects of 
leverage. 
Absence of Rights in respect of the Underlying Reference 
The Securities do not represent a claim against any Underlying Reference (or any issuer, sponsor, 
manager or other connected person in respect of an Underlying Reference) and Securityholders will not 
have any right of recourse under the Securities to any such Underlying Reference (or any issuer, sponsor, 
manager or other connected person in respect of an Underlying Reference). The Securities are not in any 
way sponsored, endorsed or promoted by any issuer, sponsor, manager or other connected person in 
respect of an Underlying Reference and such entities have no obligation to take into account the 
consequences of their actions on any Securityholders. 
Exposure to modification and disruption events 
In case certain events, indicated in the Terms and Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, occurs with 
reference to the relevant Underlying Reference(s) or the Securities, the Calculation Agent and the Issuer 
have broad discretion to make certain determinations to account for such event(s) including to (i) make

--- Page 31 ---
- 31 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
adjustments to the terms of the Securities and/or (ii) cause cancellation of the Securities, any of which 
determinations may have an adverse effect on the value of the Securities. 
The investor should consider that the effects of coronavirus pandemic (such as the measures taken by 
governments and authorities in this respect) may cause the occurrence of the events indicated above and 
involve such adjustments to the terms of the Securities and/or early settlement of the Securities. 
Securities are Unsecured Obligations 
The Securities are unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the relevant Issuer and will rank pari 
passu with themselves. Each issue of Securities issued by Mediobanca International will be guaranteed 
by Mediobanca pursuant to the deed of guarantee executed by the Guarantor and dated 3 December 2021 
(the "Deed of Guarantee"). The obligations of Mediobanca under the Deed of Guarantee are 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of Mediobanca and will rank pari passu with all its other 
present and future unsubordinated and unsecured obligations, subject as may from time to time be 
mandatory under Italian law and subject to the application of the bail-in legislation applicable to the 
Guarantor. 
Certain Factors Affecting the Value and Trading Price of Securities 
The Cash Settlement Amount (in the case of Cash Settled Securities) or the value of the Entitlement (in 
the case of Physical Delivery Securities) less the Exercise Price (the "Physical Settlement Value") (in 
the case of Physical Delivery Securities) at any time prior to expiration is typically expected to be less 
than the trading price of such Securities at that time. The difference between the trading price and the 
Cash Settlement Amount or the Physical Settlement Value, as the case may be, will reflect, among other 
things, a "time value" for the Securities. The "time value" of the Securities will depend partly upon the 
length of the period remaining to expiration and expectations concerning the value or level of the 
Underlying Reference(s). Securities offer hedging and investment diversification opportunities but also 
pose some additional risks with regard to interim value. The interim value of the Securities varies with 
the price level of the Underlying Reference(s), as well as by a number of other interrelated factors, 
including those specified herein. 
Before exercising or selling Securities, Securityholders should carefully consider the factors set out 
below, which may cause the value and trading price of the Securities to fluctuate, either positively or 
negatively: 
(a) 
the trading price of the Securities; 
(b) 
the value and volatility of the Underlying Reference(s) as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. Depending on the applicable payout, movements in the value and/or volatility of the 
Underlying Reference may cause the value of the Securities to either rise or fall; 
(c) 
the time remaining until the scheduled Settlement date of the Securities. Depending on the 
applicable payout, the value of the Securities may fluctuate as the time remaining until the 
scheduled settlement date decreases; 
(d) 
in the case of Cash Settled Securities the probable range of Cash Settlement Amounts; 
(e) 
any change(s) in interim interest rates and dividend yields, if applicable. Depending on the 
applicable payout, movements in interest rates and/or dividends may cause the value of the 
Securities to either rise or fall; 
(f) 
any change(s) in currency exchange rates; 
(g) 
the depth of the market or liquidity of the Underlying Reference as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; and 
(h) 
any related transaction costs.

--- Page 32 ---
- 32 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
Such factors may mean that the trading price of the Securities is below the Cash Settlement Amount or 
the Physical Settlement Value, as applicable. 
Modification 
The Terms and Conditions of the Securities contain provisions for calling meetings of Securityholders 
to consider matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind 
all Securityholders including Securityholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and 
Securityholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Securities also provide that the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor may, 
without the prior consent of the holders of the Securities correct (i) any manifest error in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Securities and/or in the Final Terms, (ii) any error of a formal, minor or technical nature 
in the Terms and Conditions of the Securities and/or in the Final Terms or (iii) any inconsistency in the 
Terms and Conditions of the Securities and/or in the Final Terms between the Terms and Conditions of 
the Securities and/or the Final Terms and any other documents prepared in connection with the issue 
and/or offer of a Series of Securities (provided such correction is not materially prejudicial to the holders 
of the relevant Series of Securities). Any such correction shall be binding on the holders of the relevant 
Securities and the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable) shall cause such correction to be 
notified to the holders of the Securities as soon as practicable thereafter pursuant to Security Condition 
8 (Notices). 
Minimum Trading Amount 
Investors should note that the Securities may have a minimum trading amount. In such cases, if, following 
the transfer of any Securities, a Securityholder holds fewer Securities than the specified minimum trading 
amount, such Securityholder will not be permitted to transfer their remaining Securities prior to 
settlement without first purchasing enough additional Securities in order to hold the minimum trading 
amount. The Securityholder may not be able to purchase additional Securities, in which case they will 
have to wait until settlement of the Securities to realise any value. If they are able to purchase additional 
Securities, this may be at a price higher than their original investment and is likely to adversely affect 
the overall return they achieve on their investment. 
Potential Conflicts of Interest 
The relevant Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates may also engage in trading activities (including hedging 
activities) related to the asset or other basis of reference underlying any Securities and other instruments 
or derivative products based on or related to the asset or other basis of reference underlying any Security 
for their proprietary accounts or for other accounts under their management. The Issuer and/or any of its 
Affiliates may also issue other derivative instruments in respect of the asset or other basis of reference 
underlying Securities. The relevant Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates may also act as underwriter in 
connection with future offerings of shares or other securities related to an issue of Securities or may act 
as financial adviser to certain companies or companies whose shares are included in a basket of shares 
or in a commercial banking capacity for such companies. Such activities could present certain conflicts 
of interest, could influence the prices of such shares or other securities and could adversely affect the 
value of such Securities. 
Under the Terms and Conditions of the Securities, the Calculation Agent may make certain 
determinations in respect of the Securities (including whether a Market Disruption Event, a Settlement 
Disruption Event (each, as defined in the Terms and Conditions) has occurred) which could affect the 
amount payable by the relevant Issuer on the Securities. In exercising its right to make such 
determinations, the Calculation Agent is obligated to carry out its duties and functions as Calculation 
Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner however, subject to always acting 
only within the parameters allowed by the terms and conditions of the Securities, it has no responsibility 
to take investors' interests into account. Where the relevant Issuer acts as Calculation Agent, potential 
conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent and the Securityholders, including with 
respect to those determinations that the Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Securities that may 
influence the Cash Settlement Amount payable, or the Entitlement deliverable (as the case may be), on 
the Settlement Date.

--- Page 33 ---
- 33 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
Investors should note that Securities issued under the Programme may be underwritten by Dealers 
(including Mediobanca) which receive in consideration underwriting commissions and selling 
concessions. The relevant Issuer may also offer and sell Securities directly to investors without the 
involvement of any Dealer. In addition, Mediobanca may act as market maker or specialist or perform 
other similar roles in connection with the Securities: potential conflicts of interest may exist between 
Mediobanca acting in such capacity on the one hand, and investors in the Securities on the other. 
Investors should note too that Mediobanca itself is acting in a number of capacities in connection with 
the issuance of the Securities. In particular Mediobanca will act as, inter alia, the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor in respect of Mediobanca International's obligations, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent, the 
Arranger and Italian Paying Agent. 
Even if its respective rights and obligations in relation to the issuance of the Securities are not conflicting 
and are independent from one another, in performing any such obligations in these different capacities, 
Mediobanca may be in a situation of conflict of interests. Mediobanca will only have the duties and 
responsibilities expressly agreed to by such entity in the relevant capacity and will not, by virtue of its 
or any of its affiliates acting in any other capacity, be deemed to have other duties or responsibilities or 
be deemed to hold a duty of care other than as expressly provided in respect of each such capacity. 
Any further conflict of interest, including conflicts between the relevant Issuer and any Dealers or 
distributors will be indicated in the relevant Final Terms. 
In respect of ETI Securities and Fund Securities: 
(a) 
the relevant Issuer or one or more of its Affiliates may from time to time engage in business 
with the relevant ETI or Fund, as the case may be, or companies in which an ETI or Fund, as 
the case may be, invests, including among \other things, extending loans to, or making 
investments in, or providing advisory services to them, including merger and acquisition 
advisory services, engaging in activities that may include prime brokerage business, financing 
transactions or entry into derivative transactions; 
(b) 
the ETI or Fund (each as defined below), as applicable, may pay a portion of its fees to the 
relevant Issuer or any of its Affiliates for the provision of such services; 
(c) 
in the course of this business, the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if any), the Calculation Agent 
and any of their respective Affiliates may acquire non-public information about an ETI or a 
Fund, as applicable, or any companies, funds or reference assets in which an ETI or a Fund 
invests and the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if any), the Calculation Agent or any of their 
respective Affiliates may publish research reports about them. This research may be modified 
from time to time without notice and may express opinions or provide recommendations that 
are inconsistent with purchasing or holding ETI Securities or Fund Securities, as applicable. 
Such activities could present certain conflicts of interest, could influence the prices of such 
shares, Fund Shares, ETI Interests or other securities and could adversely affect the value of 
such Securities; 
Certain Considerations Regarding Subscribing or Purchasing Securities as Hedges 
Prospective investors intending to subscribe or purchase Securities to hedge against the market risk 
associated with investing in the Underlying Reference which may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms should recognise the complexities of utilising Securities in this manner. For example, the value of 
the Securities may not exactly correlate with the value of the Underlying Reference which may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. Due to fluctuating supply and demand for the Securities, there 
is no assurance that their value will correlate with movements of the Underlying Reference which may 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms. For these reasons, among others, it may not be possible to 
purchase or liquidate securities in a portfolio at the prices used to calculate the value of any relevant 
Underlying Reference. 
The Issuer and/or any of its respective Affiliates or agents may from time to time hedge the relevant 
Issuer's obligations under Securities (and under other instruments and OTC contracts issued by or entered 
into from time to time by the relevant Issuer and/or any of its respective Affiliates or agents relating to 
such securities) by taking positions, directly or indirectly, in the relevant Underlying Reference.

--- Page 34 ---
- 34 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
Although the relevant Issuer has no reason to believe that such hedging activities will have a material 
impact on the price of any relevant Underlying Reference, there can be no assurance that such hedging 
activities will not adversely affect the value of the Securities. 
Bull and Bear Securities 
Bull Warrants and Bear Warrants (together, the "Bull and Bear Securities" or "Single Final Payout - 
Leverage Factor Securities") are designed for very short-term trading or intraday trading and are not 
intended for buy-to-hold investing. The percentage change in value of the Securities over one day will 
be the Leverage Factor which is a constant factor for each Security multiplied by the daily performance 
of the relevant Underlying Reference measured as the percentage change of the reference price from one 
day to the next day adjusted by the applicable Financing Component (which includes a Fee, an Interest 
Margin and Hedging Costs and may be positive or negative depending on, amongst other things, 
prevailing interest rates). Bull Warrants aim to produce a performance equal to the Leverage Factor (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) multiplied by the performance of the relevant Underlying 
Reference whereas Bear Warrants aim to produce a performance equal to the Leverage Factor times the 
inverse performance of the relevant Underlying Reference. However, because the performance of the 
Securities over any period longer than one day will be derived from the compounded daily performance 
of the relevant Underlying Reference during that period, such Security's performance may differ 
significantly to the overall performance of the Underlying Reference over that same period. Accordingly, 
compared to a security that measures change in value of the Underlying Reference between two dates, 
Bull and Bear Securities may have significantly different outcomes depending on the number and 
direction of changes in the daily value of the Underlying Reference over such period and the order in 
which such changes occur. Bull and Bear Securities are therefore described as "path-dependent" financial 
instruments. The potential for divergence between the Performance of the Bull and Bear Securities and 
the performance of the Underlying Reference over the same period of time will increase as such period 
becomes longer and will be most marked in periods when the value of the Underlying Reference is 
volatile. Consequently, Bull or Bear Securities are only suitable for intra-day trading or very short 
investment periods. 
The terms of the Securities contain no negative pledge, and the Issuer is not prohibited from incurring 
additional debt. 
There is no negative pledge in respect of the Securities and the Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
place no restrictions on the incurrence by the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) of additional 
obligations that rank pari passu with, or senior to, the Securities. In addition, the Issuer or the Guarantor 
(if applicable) may pledge assets to secure other notes or debt instruments without granting an equivalent 
pledge or security interest and status to the Securities. 
There are no events of default under the Securities 
The Terms and Conditions of the Securities do not include events of default allowing for the acceleration 
of the Securities if certain events occur. Accordingly, if the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) fail to 
meet any obligations under the Securities, Securityholders will not be able to accelerate the payment of 
amounts under the Securities. Upon a payment default, the sole remedy available to holders of such 
Securities for recovery of amounts owing in respect of any payment on such Securities will be the 
institution of proceedings to enforce such payment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer or the 
Guarantor (if applicable) will not, by virtue of the institution of any such proceedings, be obliged to pay 
any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it. 
Limited Exposure to Underlying Reference 
The Securities may provide for the application to the relevant Underlying Reference of a component 
weight, in order to increase or decrease the percentage of each Underlying Reference used to determine 
the amounts payable or deliverable to investors. The component weight may be lower than 100 per cent. 
In such case, the amounts payable or deliverable to investors will be reduced and, therefore, will 
contribute to the yield of the Securities only to such reduced extent. The performance of the relevant 
Underlying Reference(s) will, therefore, impact the yield of the Securities only to a limited extent.

--- Page 35 ---
- 35 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
If the applicable Final Terms provide that the exposure of the relevant Securities to one or more 
Underlying References is limited or capped at a certain level or amount, the relevant Securities will not 
benefit from any upside in the value of any such Underlying References beyond such limit or cap. 
Expenses and Taxation 
A holder of Securities must pay all Expenses relating to such Securities. As used in the Conditions, 
Expenses means all taxes, duties and/or expenses, including any applicable depository charges, 
transaction or exercise charges, sale commissions, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax, issue, registration, 
securities transfer and/or other taxes or duties arising from the exercise and settlement of such Securities 
and/or the delivery or transfer of the Entitlement (as applicable) pursuant to the terms of such Securities 
as more fully set out in Condition 9 (Expenses and Taxation) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities. 
The Issuer shall not be liable for or otherwise obliged to pay any tax, duty, withholding or other payment 
which may arise as a result of the ownership, transfer, exercise or enforcement of any Security by any 
person and all payments made by the relevant Issuer shall be made subject to any such tax, duty, 
withholding or other payment which may be required to be made, paid, withheld or deducted. The 
payment of all Expenses by the Securityholders is likely to adversely affect the overall return they 
achieve on their investment in the Securities. 
Other taxation considerations 
It is not possible to predict whether the taxation regime applicable to Securities on the date of purchase 
or subscription will be amended during the term of the Securities. If such amendments are made, the 
taxation regime applicable to the Securities may differ substantially from the taxation regime in existence 
on the date of purchase or subscription of the Securities and such amendments could materially adversely 
impact the value of any Securities affected by them. 
Change of Law 
The Terms and Conditions are based on English law or Italian law, as the case may be, in effect as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, except for the status provisions applicable to the Securities and the 
contractual recognition of bail-in powers provisions, and any non contractual obligations arising out of 
or in connection with such provisions, which shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, 
Italian law (if the Securities are issued by Mediobanca) or Luxembourg law (if the Securities are issued 
by Mediobanca International), as applicable. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible 
judicial decision or change to an administrative practice or change to English law or Italian and/or 
Luxembourg law, as applicable, after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could 
materially adversely impact the value of any Securities affected by it. 
Procedures of clearing systems 
Unless otherwise provided in the Final Terms, Securities issued under the Programme may be 
represented by one or more Global Securities and such Global Securities will be deposited with a 
common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances 
described in the relevant Global Security, investors will not be entitled to receive definitive Securities. 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system provided in the 
Final Terms will maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global Securities. While the Securities 
are represented by one or more Global Securities, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests 
only through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
While the Securities are represented by one or more Global Securities the relevant Issuer will discharge 
its payment obligations under the Securities by making payments to the common depositary for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system for distribution to their 
account holders. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Security must rely on the procedures of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system to receive 
payments under the relevant Securities. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records 
relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Securities. Holders of 
beneficial interests in the Global Securities will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the relevant 
Securities. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by

--- Page 36 ---
- 36 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system to appoint 
appropriate proxies. 
Italian Dematerialised Securities issued under the Programme will be in dematerialised form and 
evidenced at any time through book entries pursuant to the relevant provisions of Italian legislative decree 
no. 58/1998, as amended and integrated by subsequent implementing provisions, and in accordance with 
the CONSOB and Bank of Italy Joined Regulation dated 13 August 2018, as amended and integrated by 
subsequent implementing provisions. In no circumstance would physical documents of title be issued in 
respect of the Italian Dematerialised Securities. While the Italian Dematerialised Securities are 
represented by book entries, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Monte 
Titoli S.p.A. ("Monte Titoli") and the authorised financial intermediaries holding accounts on behalf of 
their customers with Monte Titoli. As the Italian Dematerialised Securities are held in dematerialised 
form with Monte Titoli, investors will have to rely on the procedures of Monte Titoli and the financial 
intermediaries authorised to hold accounts therewith, for transfer, payment and communication with the 
relevant Issuer or Guarantor (if any). 
Termination of Securities in the Event of Illegality or Impracticability 
If the relevant Issuer determines that the performance of its obligations under the Securities or that any 
arrangements made to hedge the relevant Issuer's obligations under the Securities have become (i) illegal 
in whole or in part for any reason, or (ii) by reason of a force majeure event (such as an act of God, fire, 
flood, severe weather conditions, or a labour dispute or shortage) or an act of state occurring after the 
Trade Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), impossible or impracticable the relevant Issuer 
may settle the Securities. 
If the relevant Issuer settles the Securities pursuant to an illegality then the relevant Issuer will, if and to 
the extent permitted by applicable law, pay an amount to each Securityholder in respect of each Security 
or, if Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, held by such holder, 
which amount shall be equal to the fair market value of a Security, notwithstanding such illegality less, 
unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the relevant 
Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates or agents of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements 
(including any cost of funding in respect of such hedging arrangements), plus, if already paid by or on 
behalf of a Securityholder, the Exercise Price, all as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
If the relevant Issuer settles the Securities by reason of a force majeure event or an act of state, then the 
relevant Issuer will, if and to the extent permitted by applicable law, pay an amount to each 
Securityholder in respect of each Security, or, if Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
Unit, as the case may be, held by such holder, which amount shall be equal to the fair market value of a 
Security, taking into account the applicable force majeure event or act of state, as the case may be, less, 
unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the relevant 
Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates or agents of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements 
(including any cost of funding in respect of such hedging arrangements), plus, if already paid by or on 
behalf of a Securityholder, the Exercise Price, all as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
In the cases described above, the amount paid by Issuer to the Securityholders may be less than the 
subscription or purchase price of the Securities and may in certain circumstances be zero. 
Post-issuance Information 
Save as set out in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Issuer will not provide post-issuance 
information in relation to the Underlying Reference. In such an event, investors will not be entitled to 
obtain such information from the relevant Issuer. 
Impossibility to know the amount of the Securities in circulation on the date of issue 
The Securities may be issued and withheld by the relevant Issuer for the progressive sale on the market 
in accordance with investors' demand. In this context an investor who acquires the Securities does not 
know in the moment of subscription or purchase how much of the issued Securities effectively are

--- Page 37 ---
- 37 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
publicly traded with the consequence that the amount in circulation could be meagre and may not 
guarantee successively adequate liquidity in the Securities. 
Issue of subsequent tranche 
In the event the relevant Issuer decides to issue further Securities having the same terms and conditions 
as already existing Securities (or in all respects except for the issue price per Security indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms (the "Issue Price"), the Issue Date) and so that the further Securities shall be 
consolidated and form a single series with the original Securities, the greater amount of Securities in 
circulation could lead to greater liquidity in the secondary market with a consequent negative impact on 
the price of the relevant Securities. 
Physical Delivery Requirements and Settlement Risk 
In order to receive the Entitlement in respect of a Physical Delivery Security, the holder of such Security 
must (1) deliver, or send by authenticated swift message (confirmed in writing), to Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system (as the case may be), with a copy to the 
relevant Issuer and the Fiscal Agent, a duly completed Exercise Notice on or prior to the relevant time 
on the Exercise Date or Expiration Date and (2) pay the relevant Expenses, together with any other 
amounts payable. In case of failure to do so, will result (i) in the case of a Warrant where Non-Automatic 
Exercise is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Warrant's becoming void and (ii) in case 
of a Warrant where Non-Automatic Exercise is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
shall have no obligation to make delivery of the Entitlement in respect of such Security unless and until 
a duly completed Exercise Notice is delivered as provided in the terms and conditions. If the duly 
completed Exercise Notice is delivered after 10.00 a.m. (Local Time) on the Exercise Date, delivery of 
such Entitlement shall be made as soon as possible thereafter but not earlier than the Settlement Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the relevant holder of a Security shall not be entitled to any additional or 
further payment by reason of the delivery of the Entitlement in respect of such Security occurring after 
the Settlement Date as a result of such Exercise Notice being delivered after 10.00 a.m. (Local Time) on 
the Exercise Date. 
In connection with the exercise of Physical Delivery Securities, unless otherwise indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent may determine that a Settlement Disruption Event or, if 
applicable, a Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity is subsisting. Any such determination may affect the 
value of the Securities and/or may delay settlement and/or lead to cash settlement rather than physical 
settlement in respect of the Securities. 
In relation to Physical Delivery Securities, under the Guarantee, the Guarantor has the right at all times 
to elect not to deliver or procure delivery of the Entitlement to the holders of Physical Delivery Securities, 
but in lieu thereof to pay an amount in cash equal to the Guaranteed Cash Settlement Amount specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions. Such cash payment will constitute a complete discharge of the Guarantor's obligations in 
relation to such Physical Delivery Securities. 
The Barrier Level, Bonus Level and/or Cap Level may not be known until after the Issue Date 
In certain circumstances in respect of SFP Payouts, the Barrier Level, Bonus Level and/or Cap Level 
may not be known at the issue date of the Securities. In these circumstances, the Final Terms will specify 
that the Barrier Level, Bonus Level and/or Cap Level, as applicable, will be the product of a specified 
percentage and the Closing Level, Closing Price, Italian Securities Reference Price, Relevant Price or 
Settlement Price, as applicable, of the Underlying Reference on the Strike Date (rounded upwards or 
downwards as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner). Following the Strike Date, the Issuer will give notice of the actual Barrier Level, Bonus Level 
and/or Cap Level, as applicable, applicable to the Securities. Prospective investors should review the 
Final Terms together with the information contained in the notice in order to ascertain the Barrier Level, 
Bonus Level and/or Cap Level which will apply to the Securities.

--- Page 38 ---
- 38 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
Risks Relating to Automatic Early Expiration of the Securities 
In the case of Securities that include an Automatic Early Expiration feature, the longer the time remaining 
until the scheduled settlement date of the Securities, the higher the probability that an Automatic Early 
Expiration Event will occur. 
In the event that the relevant level, value or price of the Underlying Reference approaches the level that 
triggers the Automatic Early Expiration Event, the Securityholder may not be able to sell the Securities 
in the secondary market before the occurrence of the Automatic Early Expiration Event (see also 
"Possible Illiquidity of the Securities in the Secondary Market" above). If the Underlying Reference is 
listed on a different exchange to that on which the Securities are listed, the Automatic Early Expiration 
Event may occur outside the normal trading hours of the exchange on which the Securities are listed. In 
this case, the Securityholder may not have an opportunity to sell the Securities in the secondary market 
before the Automatic Early Expiration Event occurs. 
Risk of Loss Following Automatic Early Expiration of the Securities 
In the case of Securities that include an Automatic Early Expiration feature, if the relevant level, value 
or price of the Underlying Reference(s) reaches the level that triggers the Automatic Early Expiration 
Event, the product will automatically settled before the scheduled settlement date. Depending on the 
applicable payout, the Securityholder may lose some or all of their investment in the Securities. 
Gap Risk 
Securityholders will be exposed to the gap risk associated with the relevant level, value or price of the 
Underlying Reference(s), whereby the relevant level, value or price of one or more Underlying Reference 
may change suddenly and significantly during the trading day or at the opening of the market. Such 
change may be positive or negative. 
The price of the Securities may include a premium, which includes the cost to the Issuer or its Affiliates 
of unwinding its hedging positions in relation to the Securities on early settlement of the Securities. The 
calculation of the premium charged to Securityholders is based on the gap risk associated with the 
relevant level, value or price of the Underlying Reference(s). The Securityholder will not receive a refund 
of this premium if an Automatic Early Settlement Event occurs. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Securities linked to or 
referencing such "benchmarks"  
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other types of indices, including (but not limited 
to) indices comprised of interest rates, equities, commodities, commodity indices, exchange traded 
products, foreign exchange rates, funds and combinations of any of the preceding types of indices which 
may be deemed to be "benchmarks", have been the subject of recent national, international and other 
regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others 
are still to be implemented. 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices 
used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of 
investment funds and amending Directive 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EC and Regulation (EU) No 
596/2014 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the 
provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, 
within the EU. 
The Benchmark Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”) applies 
to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, 
within the UK.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Securities linked to EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or index, deemed to be a 
"benchmark", in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” are changed in order 
to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation,

--- Page 39 ---
- 39 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
and such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise 
affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the “benchmark”.  
Any of the international, national or other reforms, initiatives or investigations or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of "benchmarks", could potentially have a material adverse effect on the relevant 
benchmark or have other unforeseen consequences, including, without limitation, that such changes 
could:  
 
affect the level of the published rate or the level of the benchmark, which may have the effect of 
reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level;  
 
increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
"benchmark" and complying with such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the 
effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain 
"benchmarks," trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead 
to the discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of certain "benchmarks".;  
 
discourage market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain "benchmarks";  
 
trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain "benchmarks";  
 
lead to the disappearance of certain "benchmarks" (or certain currencies or tenors of benchmarks); 
or 
 
have other adverse effects or unforeseen consequences.  
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Securities 
and/or could lead to the Securities being de-listed, adjusted, redeemed early following the occurrence of 
an Administrator/Benchmark Event, subject to discretionary valuation by the Calculation Agent or 
otherwise impacted, depending on the particular "benchmark" and the applicable terms of the Securities.  
A benchmark licence may also be required for the issuance or calculation of amounts payable under any 
Securities referencing a benchmark. To the extent any such licence is not obtained or retained, it may not 
be possible for the Securities to reference the benchmark and the Securities may be adjusted or redeemed 
early or otherwise impacted depending on the particular "benchmark" and the applicable terms of the 
Securities.  
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by benchmark reforms and investigations, in making any investment decision 
with respect to any Securities linked to or referencing a "benchmark". 
Administrator/Benchmark Event 
If specified as an Optional Additional Disruption Event in the applicable Final Terms, the occurrence of 
an Administrator/Benchmark Event may lead to early settlement or adjustment of the Securities, which 
may include selecting one or more successor benchmarks and making related adjustments to the 
Securities, including, if applicable to reflect increased costs. An Administrator/Benchmark Event may 
arise if any of the following circumstances occurs or will occur: (1) a benchmark is materially changed 
or permanently cancelled; or (2) (i) the relevant authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, 
equivalence decision or approval in respect of the benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the 
benchmark is not obtained, (ii) an application for authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, 
equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official register is rejected, (iii) any authorisation, 
registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval is suspended or inclusion in any 
official register is withdrawn; or (3) it is not fair and commercially reasonable from the perspective of 
the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to continue the use of the benchmark or the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent suffer increased costs in each case due to licensing restrictions or changes in licence costs; or (4) 
a relevant supervisor officially announces a benchmark is longer representative of any relevant 
underlying market(s). 
Future discontinuance of EURIBOR may adversely affect the value of the Securities

--- Page 40 ---
- 40 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
On 5 March 2021 the FCA confirmed that all London Inter-bank Offered Rate, settings will either cease 
to be provided by any administrator or no longer be representative: (i) immediately after 31 December 
2021, in the case of all sterling, euro, Swiss franc and Japanese yen settings, and the 1-week and 2-month 
U.S. dollar settings; and (ii) immediately after 30 June 2023, in the case of the remaining U.S. dollar 
settings.  
Separate workstreams are also underway in Europe to reform EURIBOR using a hybrid methodology 
and to provide a fallback by reference to a euro risk-free rate (based on a euro overnight risk-free rate as 
adjusted by a methodology to create a term rate). On 13 September 2018, the working group on euro 
risk-free rates recommended Euro Short-term Rate ("ESTR") as the new risk free rate. ESTR has been 
published by the ECB starting from October 2019. In addition, on 21 January 2019, the euro risk free-
rate working group published a set of guiding principles for fallback provisions in new euro denominated 
cash products (including bonds). The guiding principles indicate, among other things, that continuing to 
reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts may increase the risk to the euro area financial system.  
Investors should be aware that, if EURIBOR was discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of 
interest on the Securities will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back provisions applicable 
to the Securities. Depending on the manner in which the EURIBOR rate is to be determined under the 
Terms and Conditions, this may in certain circumstances (i) be reliant upon the provision by reference 
banks of offered quotations for the EURIBOR rate which, depending on market circumstances, may not 
be available at the relevant time or (ii) result in the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate 
which applied in the previous period when EURIBOR was available. Any of the foregoing could have 
an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, the Securities.] 
If EURIBOR or any other benchmark is discontinued, Underlying Interest Rate may be changed in ways 
that may be adverse to Holders of such Securities 
In respect of Securities linked to an Underlying Interest Rate, if the Issuer or the Calculation Agent 
determines at any time that the relevant reference rate has been discontinued, the Calculation Agent will 
use, as a substitute for the relevant reference rate, the alternative reference rate selected by the central 
bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution in the jurisdiction of the currency of the 
relevant rate that is consistent with industry accepted standards. If the Calculation Agent notifies the 
Issuer that it is unable to determine such an alternative reference rate, the Calculation Agent will appoint 
a determination agent (which may be the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) or an affiliate of the Issuer, 
the Guarantor (if applicable) or the Calculation Agent) who will determine a replacement reference rate, 
as well as any required changes to the business day convention, the definition of business day, the interest 
determination date, the day count fraction and any method for calculating the replacement rate including 
any adjustment required to make such replacement reference rate comparable to the relevant reference 
rate. Such replacement reference rate will (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding, and 
will apply to the relevant Securities. 
The replacement rate may perform differently from the historical and expected performance of the 
discontinued reference rate. The fall-back provisions may in certain circumstances result in the 
Calculation Agent, or the Issuer itself, determining a replacement rate (if any at the relevant time) to be 
used, with or without the application of an adjustment spread (which, if applied, could be positive or 
negative or zero and would be applied with a view to reducing or eliminating, to the extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any transfer of economic value between the Issuer and Securityholders 
arising out of the replacement of the relevant rate) and making such other adjustments to the terms of the 
Securities as it determines appropriate to account for such replacement. 
If the Calculation Agent or the determination agent is unable to determine an appropriate replacement 
reference rate, then the relevant rate of interest for the affected Securities will not be changed. The terms 
of the Securities provide that, if it is not possible to determine a value for a given reference rate, the 
relevant reference rate on such Securities will be the last available rate plus or minus, as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms, the margin, if any, effectively converting such Securities into fixed rate 
obligations. The conditions also provide for other fallbacks, such as consulting reference banks for rate 
quotations, which may not be possible if the reference banks decline to provide such quotations for a 
sustained period of time (or at all). 
It is possible that, if a reference rate is discontinued, a clear successor rate will not be established in the 
market for some time. Accordingly, the terms of the Securities provide as an ultimate fallback that,

--- Page 41 ---
- 41 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
following the designation of a replacement rate, if the Calculation Agent or the determination agent 
appointed by the Calculation Agent considers that such replacement reference rate is no longer 
substantially comparable to the original reference rate or does not constitute an industry accepted 
successor rate, the Calculation Agent will appoint or re-appoint a determination agent (which may or 
may not be the same entity as the original determination agent) for the purposes of confirming the 
replacement reference rate or determining a substitute replacement reference rate (despite the continued 
existence of the initial replacement reference rate). Any such substitute replacement reference rate, once 
designated pursuant to the Conditions, will apply to the affected Securities. This could impact the trading 
value of the affected Securities. In addition, any Holders of such Securities that enter into hedging 
instruments based on the original replacement reference rate may find their hedges to be ineffective, and 
they may incur costs replacing such hedges with instruments tied to the new replacement reference rate. 
Time Lag after Exercise 
In the case of any exercise of Warrants, there will be a time lag between the time a Warrantholder gives 
instructions to exercise, or the time the Warrant is automatically exercised, and the time the applicable 
Cash Settlement Amount (in the case of Cash Settled Warrants) relating to such exercise is determined. 
Any such delay between the time of exercise and the determination of the Cash Settlement Amount will 
be specified in the Terms and Conditions of the Securities. However, such delay could be significantly 
longer, particularly in the case of a delay in exercise of Warrants arising from any daily maximum 
exercise limitation (in the case of American Style Warrants), the occurrence of a market disruption event 
or failure to open of an exchange or related exchange (if applicable) or following the imposition of any 
exchange controls or other similar regulations affecting the ability to obtain or exchange any relevant 
currency (or basket of currencies) in the case of Currency Securities. The applicable Cash Settlement 
Amount may change significantly during any such period, and such movement or movements could 
decrease the Cash Settlement Amount of the Warrants being exercised and may result in such Cash 
Settlement Amount being zero. 
Minimum Exercise Number 
If so indicated in the applicable Final Terms, a Warrantholder must tender or hold a specified number of 
Warrants at any one time in order to exercise. Thus, Warrantholders with fewer than the specified 
minimum number of Warrants will either have to sell their Warrants or purchase additional Warrants, 
incurring transaction costs in each case, in order to realise their investment. Furthermore, holders of such 
Warrants incur the risk that there may be differences between the trading price of such Warrants and the 
Cash Settlement Amount (in the case of Cash Settled Warrants) or the Physical Settlement Value (in the 
case of Physical Delivery Warrants) of such Warrants. 
Limitations on Exercise 
In the case of American Style Warrants, if so indicated in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Issuer 
will have the option to limit the number of American Style Warrants exercisable on any date (other than 
the final exercise date) to the maximum number specified in the applicable Final Terms and, in 
conjunction with such limitation, to limit the number of American Style Warrants exercisable by any 
person or group of persons (whether or not acting in concert) on such date. In the event that the total 
number of American Style Warrants being exercised on any date (other than the final exercise date) 
exceeds such maximum number and the relevant Issuer elects to limit the number of American Style 
Warrants exercisable on such date, a Warrantholder may not be able to exercise on such date all American 
Style Warrants that such holder desires to exercise. In any such case, the number of American Style 
Warrants to be exercised on such date will be reduced until the total number of American Style Warrants 
exercised on such date no longer exceeds such maximum, such American Style Warrants being selected 
at the discretion of the relevant Issuer or in any other manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the American Style Warrants tendered for 
exercise but not exercised on such date will be automatically exercised on the next date on which 
American Style Warrants may be exercised, subject to the same daily maximum limitation and delayed 
exercise provisions. 
Exercise Risk 
Exercise of the Warrants is subject to all applicable laws, regulations and practices in force on the 
relevant Exercise Date and none of the Issuer, the Guarantor, if any, or any of their Affiliates, the Paying

--- Page 42 ---
- 42 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
Agents and the Calculation Agent shall incur any liability whatsoever if it is unable to effect the 
transactions contemplated, after using all reasonable efforts, as a result of any such laws, regulations or 
practices. None of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, if any, or any of their Affiliates, the Paying Agents 
and the Calculation Agent shall, to the extent permitted by applicable law, under any circumstances, be 
liable for any acts or defaults of the relevant Clearing System in relation to the performance of its duties 
in relation to the Warrants. 
(B) 
Certain considerations associated with specific types of Securities 
Certain Risks Associated with SFP Securities 
(i) 
Risks associated with Yield Enhancement Securities 
Yield Enhancement Securities include: (i) Single Final Payout - Parity and Exchange Securities, 
(ii) Single Final Payout - Capped Speed Securities, (iii) Single Final Payout - Capped Bonus 
Parity Exchange, (iv) Single Final Payout - Continuous Capped Bonus Securities, (v) Single 
Final Payout - Standard Express Securities and (vi) Single Final Payout – Continuous Reverse 
Level Parity Exchange Securities, as described in Annex 1 (Additional Terms and Conditions 
relating to Formulas). 
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the 
Securities depends on the performance of the Underlying Reference(s) and whether a cap, 
knock-out and/or automatic early settlement features apply. 
(ii) 
Risks associated with Participation Securities 
Participation Securities include: (i) Single Final Payout - Forex DivReinvested Fees Securities, 
(ii) Single Final Payout - Continuous Bonus Floored Exchange Parity Securities, (iii) Single 
Final Payout - Continuous Capped Reverse Level Parity Exchange Securities, (iv) Single Final 
Payout - Continuous Bonus Barrier Securities and (v) Single Final Payout - Capped Continuous 
Bonus Barrier Securities, as described in Annex 1 (Additional Terms and Conditions relating 
to Formulas). 
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the 
Securities depends on the performance of the Underlying Reference(s) and whether knock-in, 
knock-out and/or automatic early settlement features apply. 
(iii) 
Risks associated with Leverage Securities 
Leverage Securities include: (i) Single Final Payout - Lower Collared Knock-Out Securities, 
(ii) Single Final Payout - Upper Collared Knock-Out Securities, (iii) Single Final Payout - 
Continuous Lower Knock-Out Securities, (iv) Single Final Payout - Continuous Upper Knock-
Out Securities, (v) Single Final Payout – Standard Call and Put Securities, (vi) Single Final 
Payout - Knock-In Call and Put Securities, as described in Annex 1 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Formulas). 
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the 
Securities depends on the performance of the Underlying Reference(s) and whether knock-in, 
knock-out and/or automatic early settlement features apply. Additionally, the return may depend 
on other market factors such as interest rates, the implied volatility of the Underlying 
Reference(s) and the time remaining until settlement. The effect of leverage on the Securities 
may be either positive or negative. 
(iv) 
Risks associated with Constant Leverage Securities 
Constant Leverage Securities include the Single Final Payout - Leverage Factor Securities as 
described in Annex 1 (Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulas). 
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the 
Securities depends on the daily performance of the Underlying Reference(s) and the operation 
of an automatic early settlement feature. Constant Leverage Securities are generally suited to

--- Page 43 ---
- 43 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
short term investments intraday or over a few days. Investments held for a longer period of time 
may be affected by volatile market conditions which may have a negative impact on the 
performance of the Underlying Reference(s). 
Certain Risks Associated with MFP Securities 
(i) 
Risks associated with Multiple Final Payout – Constant Percentage Securities 
Multiple Final Payout – Constant Percentage Securities are described in Annex 1 (Additional 
Terms and Conditions relating to Formulas). 
Investors receive a fixed return on the Securities. This payout may be used in conjunction with 
at least one other payout to provide investors with partial or total capital protection. 
(ii) 
Risks associated with Multiple Final Payout – Normal Performance Securities 
Multiple Final Payout – Normal Performance Securities include: (i) Multiple Final Payout – 
Normal Performance Securities, (ii) Multiple Final Payout – 1 -Way Cap Securities, (iii) 
Multiple Final Payout – 1 -Way Floor Securities and (iv) Multiple Final Payout – 2-Way 
Securities, as described in Annex 1 (Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulas). 
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the 
Securities depends on the performance of the Underlying Reference(s) and whether 
participation factor, gearing, cap and/or floor and/or automatic early settlement features apply. 
(iii) 
Risks associated with Multiple Final Payout – Performance Differential Securities 
Multiple Final Payout – Performance Differential Securities are described in Annex 1 
(Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulas). 
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the 
Securities depends on differential in performance between two Underlying References and 
whether participation factor and/or automatic early settlement features apply. 
(iv) 
Risks associated with Multiple Final Payout - Reverse Convertible Securities 
Multiple Final Payout - Reverse Convertible Securities include: (i) Multiple Final Payout – KI 
– Reverse Convertible Securities, (ii) Multiple Final Payout – KI – Extended Reverse 
Convertible Securities, (iii) Multiple Final Payout – KO – Extended Reverse Convertible 
Securities, (iv) Multiple Final Payout – KO –Reverse Convertible Securities, (v) Multiple Final 
Payout – Vanilla KI Reverse Convertible Securities, (vi) Multiple Final Payout – Vanilla KO 
Reverse Convertible Securities, and (vii) Multiple Final Payout – KIKO Reverse Convertible 
Securities, as described in Annex 1 (Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulas). 
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the 
Securities depends on the performance of the Underlying Reference(s) and whether a knock-in 
and/or knock-out event occurs and whether automatic early settlement features apply. 
(v) 
Risks associated with Multiple Final Payout - Vanilla Securities 
Multiple Final Payout - Vanilla Securities include: (i) Multiple Final Payout – Plain Vanilla 
Call Securities, (ii) Multiple Final Payout – Plain Vanilla Call Spread Securities, (iii) Multiple 
Final Payout – Plain Vanilla Put Securities, (iv) Multiple Final Payout – Plain Vanilla Put 
Spread Securities, (v) Multiple Final Payout – Plain Vanilla KI Digital Securities, (vi) Multiple 
Final Payout – Plain Vanilla KO Digital Securities, (vii) Multiple Final Payout – Geared Knock-
in Vanilla Call Securities and (viii) Multiple Final Payout – Geared Knock-out Vanilla Call 
Securities, as described in Annex 1 (Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulas).

--- Page 44 ---
- 44 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return depends on 
the performance of the Underlying Reference(s) and whether knock-in or knock-out features 
apply and whether automatic early settlement features apply. 
(vi) 
Risks associated with Multiple Final Payout - Asian Securities 
Multiple Final Payout - Asian Securities include: (i) Multiple Final Payout – Standard Asian 
Securities, (ii) Multiple Final Payout – Standard Collared Asian Spread Securities (iii) Multiple 
Final Payout Standard Himalaya Securities, and (iv) Multiple Final Payout – Dispersion 
Securities as described in Annex 1 (Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulas). 
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the 
Securities depends on the performance of the Underlying Reference(s), which is determined 
using an averaging method. The return will also depend on whether specific features, such as a 
cap or lock-in and/or automatic early settlement, apply. 
(vii) 
Risks associated with Multiple Final Payout - Step Securities 
Multiple Final Payout - Step Securities include: (i) Multiple Final Payout - 3-Step Knock-in 
Securities, (ii) Multiple Final Payout - 3-Step Plus Knock-in Securities (iii) Multiple Final 
Payout - 3-Step Knock-out Securities, (iv) Multiple Final Payout - 3-Step Plus Knock-out 
Securities (v) Multiple Final Payout – 4-Step Securities, (vi) Multiple Final Payout - Standard 
3-Step Knock-in Securities, (vii) Multiple Final Payout - Standard 3-Step Knock-out Securities, 
(viii) Multiple Final Payout - Standard 2 -Step Barrier Down Securities (ix) Multiple Final 
Payout - Standard 2 -Step Barrier Up Securities, (x) Multiple Final Payout - 2 -Step Knock-in 
Securities and (xi) Multiple Final Payout - 2 -Step Knock-out Securities, as described in Annex 
1 (Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulas). 
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the 
Securities depends on the performance of the Underlying Reference(s) and whether knock-in or 
knock-out and/or automatic early settlement features apply. 
(viii) 
Risks associated with Multiple Final Payout - Performance Securities 
Multiple Final Payout - Performance Securities include: (i) Multiple Final Payout - Geared Call 
Performance Securities, (ii) Multiple Final Payout - Multi Performance Securities, (iii) Multiple 
Final Payout – (Capped) Multi Knock-Out Bonus Performance Securities, (iv) Multiple Final 
Payout – (Capped) Multi Knock-In Bonus Performance Securities, (v) Multiple Final Payout – 
2 - Step KI Multi Bonus Securities, (vi) Multiple Final Payout – 3- Step Multi Bonus Securities, 
(vii) Multiple Final Payout – 3- Step Flexi Bonus Securities, (viii) Multiple Final Payout – 
(Capped) Knock-Out Bonus Performance Securities, (ix) Multiple Final Payout – (Capped) 
Knock – In Bonus Performance Securities, (x) Multiple Final Payout – Leveraged Performance 
Securities (xi) Multiple Final Payout – Twin -Win Securities, (xii) Multiple Final Payout – 
Knock-In Outperformance Securities, (xiii) Multiple Final Payout – Flexi Performance 
Securities, (xiv) Multiple Final Payout – Hyper-Flexi Performance Securities, (xv) Multiple 
Final Payout – Flexi Knock-In Performance Securities, (xvi) Multiple Final Payout – Flexi 
Knock-Out Performance Securities, (xvii) Multiple Final Payout – Hyper-Flexi Knock-In 
Performance Securities, (xviii) Multiple Final Payout – Hyper-Flexi Knock-Out Performance 
Securities, (ixx) Multiple Final Payout – Hyper-Flexi Multi Knock-In Performance Securities 
and (xx) Multiple Final Payout – Hyper-Flexi Multi Knock-out Performance Securities, as 
described in Annex 1 (Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulas). 
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the 
Securities depends on the performance of the Underlying Reference(s) and whether knock-in, 
knock-out and/or automatic early settlement features apply. Depending on the applicable 
formula, if an automatic early settlement event occurs investors may be exposed to a partial loss 
of their investment.

--- Page 45 ---
- 45 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
(ix) 
Risks associated with Multiple Final Payout – Capped and Floored Ratchet Securities 
Multiple Final Payout - Performance Securities are described in Annex 1 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Formulas). 
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the 
Securities depends on the performance of the Underlying Reference(s) and is calculated based 
on the sum of returns determined on a given formula (which can be capped and/or floored). 
(x) 
Risks associated with Multiple Final Payout – Weighted Mixed Payouts Securities 
Multiple Final Payout – Weighted Mixed Payouts Securities are described in Annex 1 
(Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulas). 
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the 
Securities depends on the performance of the Underlying Reference(s) and is calculated based 
on the weighted sum of returns determined using different payout formulas. 
(xi) 
Risks associated with Multiple Final Payout – Knock-In Mixed Payouts Securities 
Multiple Final Payout – Knock-In Mixed Payouts Securities are described in Annex 1 
(Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulas). 
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the 
Securities depends on the performance of the Underlying Reference(s). The return calculation 
can be based on various payouts and various mechanisms (including a knock-in feature). 
(xii) 
Risks associated with Multiple Final Payout – Knock-out Mixed Payouts Securities 
Multiple Final Payout – Knock-out Mixed Payouts Securities are described in Annex 1 
(Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulas). 
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the 
Securities depends on the performance of the Underlying Reference(s). The return calculation 
can be based on various payouts and various mechanisms (including a knock-out feature). 
(xiii) 
Risks associated with Multiple Final Payout – Max Mixed Payouts Securities 
Multiple Final Payout – Max Mixed Payouts Securities are described in Annex 1 (Additional 
Terms and Conditions relating to Formulas). 
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the 
Securities depends on the performance of the Underlying Reference(s) and is calculated based 
on the maximum return determined using different payout formulas. 
(xiv) 
Risks associated with Multiple Final Payout – Leveraged Securities 
Multiple Final Payout – Leveraged Securities are described in Annex 1 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Formulas). 
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the 
Securities is calculated by reference to a leverage on the positive or negative performance of 
the Underlying Reference(s). 
Risks Associated with Single FI Securities 
(i) 
Risks associated with Single FI FX Vanilla Securities 
Single FI FX Vanilla Securities are described in Annex 1 (Additional Terms and Conditions 
relating to Formulas).

--- Page 46 ---
- 46 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the 
Securities depends on the performance of the Underlying Reference(s) and whether knock-in or 
knock-out features apply. 
(ii) 
Risks associated with Single FI Digital Securities 
Single FI Digital Securities include: (i) Single FI Digital Floor Securities, (ii) Single FI Digital 
Cap Securities, (iii) Single FI Digital Plus Securities and (iv) Continuous FX Wedding Cake 
Securities, as described in Annex 1 (Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulas). 
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the 
Securities is fixed or variable and will be dependent upon the performance of the Underlying 
Reference(s). The return is calculated by reference to various mechanisms (including floor or 
cap conditions and knock-in and/or knock-out features). 
(iii) 
Risks associated with Single FI Inflation Securities 
Single FI Inflation Securities are described in Annex 1 (Additional Terms and Conditions 
relating to Formulas). 
Single FI Inflation Securities are capital protected. The return on the Securities depends on the 
performance of the Underlying Reference(s). 
(C) 
Product Specific Risk Factors 
Certain considerations associated with Index Securities 
General 
An investment in Index Securities will entail significant risks not associated with an investment in a 
conventional debt security. On settlement of Index Securities, Securityholders will receive an amount (if 
any) determined by reference to the value of the underlying index/indices. Such underlying index may 
be a well known and widely published index or an index which may not be widely published or available. 
Factors affecting the performance of Indices may adversely affect the value of the Securities. Indices are 
comprised of a synthetic portfolio of shares, bonds, currency exchange rates, commodities, property or 
other assets, and as such, the performance of an Index is dependent upon the performance of components 
of such index, which may include interest rates, currency developments, political factors, market factors 
such as the general trends in capital markets or broad based indices and (in the case of shares) company-
specific factors such as earnings position, market position, risk situation, shareholder structure and 
distribution policy. If an Index does not perform as expected, this will materially and adversely affect the 
value of Index Securities. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the relevant Issuer and/or its Affiliates may not be able to trade on and hedge 
its obligations in respect of the index under the Securities notwithstanding the calculation or publication 
of the level of such index. In the event that any relevant date for valuation is a Disrupted Day for such 
index, that valuation date shall be the first succeeding day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which the 
Issuer or relevant affiliate is able to trade on and hedge its obligations in respect of such index, subject 
to a specified maximum days of disruption, as more fully set out in the Conditions. Where this occurs on 
(i) the Strike Date for valuation, the Calculation Agent will not be able to determine the initial or strike 
level for the index or (ii) the final date for valuation, the Calculation Agent will not determine the final 
level for the index until such time as the disruption is no longer subsisting, or the specified maximum 
days of disruption has elapsed, whichever is sooner. Investors should be aware that any delay to the 
determination of the final level of the index may result in a delay in the payment of the Cash Settlement 
Amount. 
Returns on the Securities do not reflect a direct investment in underlying shares or other assets 
comprising the Index 
The return payable on Securities that reference indices may not reflect the return a potential investor 
would realise if it actually owned the relevant assets comprising the components of the Index or owned

--- Page 47 ---
- 47 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
a different form of interest in the relevant Index. For example, if the components of the Indices are shares, 
holders of Securities will not receive any dividends paid or distributions made on those shares and will 
not participate in the return on those dividends or distributions unless the relevant Index takes such 
dividends into account for purposes of calculating the relevant level. Similarly, holders of Securities will 
not have any voting rights in the underlying shares or any other assets which may comprise the 
components of the relevant Index. Accordingly, holders of Securities that reference Indices as 
Underlying Reference may receive a lower payment upon settlement of such Securities than such holder 
of Securities would have received if it had invested in the components of the Index directly or other 
comparable instruments linked to the Index. 
A change in the composition or discontinuance of an Index could adversely affect the market value of the 
Securities 
The sponsor of any Index can add, delete or substitute the components of such Index or make other 
methodological changes that could change the level of one or more components. The changing of 
components of any Index may affect the level of such Index as a newly added component may perform 
significantly worse or better than the component it replaces, which in turn may affect the payments made 
by the relevant Issuer to the holders of the Index Securities. The sponsor of any such Index may also 
alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of such Index. The sponsor of an Index will 
have no involvement in the offer and sale of the Index Securities and will have no obligation to any 
holder of such Securities. Accordingly, the sponsor of an Index may take any actions in respect of such 
Index without regard to the interests of the holder of the Securities, and any of these actions could 
adversely affect the market value of the Index Securities. 
Certain considerations associated with Share Securities 
General 
An investment in Share Securities will entail significant risks not associated with an investment in a 
conventional debt security. On settlement of Share Securities, Securityholders will receive an amount (if 
any) determined by reference to the value of the share(s), GDRs and/or ADRs and/or the physical 
delivery of a given number of share(s), GDRs and/or ADRs. Accordingly, an investment in Share 
Securities may bear similar market risks to a direct equity investment and investors should take advice 
accordingly. 
In the case of Share Securities, no issuer of the underlying shares will have participated in the preparation 
of the relevant Final Terms or in establishing the terms of the Securities, and none of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor (if applicable) or any Dealer will make any investigation or enquiry in connection with such 
offering with respect to any information concerning any such issuer of shares contained in such Final 
Terms or in the documents from which such information was extracted. Consequently, there can be no 
assurance that all events occurring prior to the relevant issue date (including events that would affect the 
accuracy or completeness of the publicly available information described in this paragraph or in any 
relevant Final Terms) that would affect the trading price of the share, GDRs and/or ADRs will have been 
publicly disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of any such events or the disclosure of or failure to disclose 
material future events concerning such an issuer of shares could affect the trading price of the share, 
GDRs and/or ADRs and therefore the trading price of the Securities. 
Except as provided in the Conditions, Securityholders will not have voting rights or rights to receive 
dividends or distributions or any other rights with respect to the relevant shares to which such Securities 
relate. 
The performance of Shares is dependent upon macroeconomic factors, such as interest and price levels 
on the capital markets, currency developments, political factors and company-specific factors such as 
earnings position, market position, risk situation, shareholder structure and distribution policy. These 
factors are not within the relevant Issuer's control and may result in a decline in the value of the Securities. 
Lack of rights in respect of Shares 
Share Securities do not represent a claim against or an investment in any issuer of the relevant share(s) 
and investors will not have any right of recourse under the Share Securities to any such company or the 
shares. Share Securities are not in any way sponsored, endorsed or promoted by any issuer of the relevant

--- Page 48 ---
- 48 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
share(s) and such companies have no obligation to take into account the consequences of their actions 
for any holders. Accordingly, the issuer of a share may take any actions in respect of such share without 
regard to the interests of the investors in the Share Securities, and any of these actions could adversely 
affect the market value of the Share Securities. 
Physical delivery of Shares 
Where the Securities linked to Shares include the are Physical Delivery, the Issuer will settle such Share 
Securities at their maturity by delivering Shares to the investor and the investors will receive such Shares 
rather than a monetary amount upon maturity. Securityholders will, therefore, be exposed to the issuer 
of such Shares and the risks associated with such Shares. The investor should not assume that he or she 
will be able to sell such Shares for a specific price after the settlement of the Securities, and in particular 
not for the subscription or purchase price of the Share Securities. Under certain circumstances the Shares 
may only have a very low value or may, in fact, be worthless. Securityholders may also be subject to 
certain documentary or stamp taxes in relation to the delivery and/or disposal of such Shares. 
Certain considerations associated with ETI Securities 
An investment in ETI Securities will entail significant risks not associated with an investment in a 
conventional debt security. On settlement of ETI Securities, Securityholders will receive an amount (if 
any) determined by reference to the value of the interests in exchange traded instruments or a basket of 
interests in exchange traded instruments and/or the physical delivery of a given number of interests in 
exchange traded instruments. Accordingly, an investment in ETI Securities may bear similar market risks 
to a direct exchange traded instrument investment, and investors should take advice accordingly. 
Whilst interests in exchange traded instruments are traded on an exchange and are therefore valued in a 
similar manner as a share traded on an exchange, certain provisions related to ETI Securities are similar 
to the provisions related to funds and Fund Securities. 
In the case of ETI Securities, no exchange traded instrument will have participated in the preparation of 
the relevant Final Terms or in establishing the terms of the Securities, and none of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor (if applicable) or any Dealer will make any investigation or enquiry in connection with such 
offering with respect to any information concerning any such exchange traded instrument contained in 
such Final Terms or in the documents from which such information was extracted. Consequently, there 
can be no assurance that all events occurring prior to the relevant issue date (including events that would 
affect the accuracy or completeness of the publicly available information described in this paragraph or 
in any relevant Final Terms) that would affect the trading price of the interests in the exchange traded 
instrument will have been publicly disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of any such events or the disclosure 
of or failure to disclose material future events concerning such an exchange traded instrument could 
affect the trading price of interests in the exchange traded instruments and therefore the trading price of 
the Securities. ETI Securities do not provide Securityholders with any participation rights in the 
underlying ETI(s) and, except in certain circumstances in the case of Physical Delivery Securities, do 
not entitle holders of ETI Securities to any ownership interest or rights in such ETI(s). 
Except as provided in the Conditions, Securityholders will not have voting rights or rights to receive 
dividends or distributions or any other rights with respect to the relevant exchange traded instruments to 
which such Securities relate. 
Certain considerations associated with Debt Securities 
An investment in Debt Securities will entail significant risks not associated with an investment in a 
conventional debt security. On settlement of Debt Securities, Securityholders will receive an amount (if 
any) determined by reference to the price or yield of the underlying debt instrument(s) (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) and/or the physical delivery of a given number of debt instrument(s). 
Accordingly, an investment in Debt Securities may bear similar market risks to a direct debt instrument 
investment, and investors should take advice accordingly.  
Certain additional considerations associated with Rolling Futures Contract Securities 
Futures contracts have a predetermined expiration date. Holding a futures contract until expiration will 
result in delivery of the physical underlying or the requirement to make or receive a cash settlement

--- Page 49 ---
- 49 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
amount. Rolling Futures Contract Securities are valued by reference to futures contracts that have a 
delivery or expiry month that do not correspond with the term of the Securities. Consequently the futures 
contracts are "rolled" which means that the futures contract that is nearing expiration (the "near-dated 
futures contracts") is sold before it expires and a futures contract that has an expiration date further in 
the future (the "longer-dated futures contracts") is purchased ("Rolling"). In order to maintain an 
ongoing exposure to such underlyings Rolling of the applicable futures contracts is applied. 
An investment in futures contracts where the future is a commodity may increase or decrease through 
Rolling. Where the price of a near-dated futures contract is greater than the price of the longer-dated 
futures contract (the underlying is said to be in "backwardation"), then Rolling from the former to the 
latter will result in greater exposure to the longer-dated futures contract. Therefore, any loss or gain on 
the new positions will be greater than if an investor had synthetically held the same number of underlying 
contracts as before the Rolling. Conversely, where the price of the near-dated futures contract is lower 
than the price of the longer-dated futures contract (the underlying is said to be in "contango") then 
Rolling will result in less exposure to the longer-dated futures contract. Therefore, any gain or loss on 
the new positions will be less than if an investor had synthetically held the same number of underlying 
contracts as before the Rolling. 
Depending on whether the Securities are synthetically "long" or "short" the relevant futures contract, 
where a futures contract is in contango, this is expected to (though may not) have a negative (in the case 
of a "long" position) or positive (in the case of a "short" position) effect over time on the value of the 
Securities. Where a futures contract is in backwardation this is expected to (though may not) have a 
positive (in the case of a "long" position) or negative (in the case of a "short" position) effect over time 
on the value of the Securities. Where an underlying contract is in contango, then the price of the longer-
dated underlying contract will be expected to (but may not) decrease over time as it nears expiry. In such 
event, Rolling is expected to have a negative effect (in the case of a "long" position) or positive (in the 
case of a "short" position) on an investment in the underlying contract. Where an underlying contract is 
in backwardation, then the price of the longer-dated underlying contract is expected to (but may not) 
increase over time as it nears expiry. In such event, Rolling is expected to have a positive (in the case of 
a "long" position) or negative (in the case of a "short" position) effect on an investment in the underlying 
contract. 
If, on any Futures Rollover Date (as defined below), a Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an 
Exchange-traded Contract (as defined in Index Security Condition 5.1, Debt Security Condition 6 or 
Currency Security Condition 5), as applicable, occurs and it is impossible or materially impracticable for 
the Calculation Agent to select a futures contract and/or at such time hedge the relevant Issuer's 
obligations in respect of the Securities then: 
(i) 
the relevant Issuer may cancel the Securities by giving notice to Securityholders in accordance 
with Security Condition 8 (Notices). If the Securities are so cancelled, the relevant Issuer, unless 
(in the case of Index Securities) Market Value or Highest Value are specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, will pay an amount to each Securityholder in respect of each 
Security or, if Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit being cancelled at an 
amount equal to the fair market value of such Security, or Unit, as the case may be, taking into 
account the Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract, less, 
unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to 
the relevant Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to 
the Securityholders in accordance with Security Condition 8 (Notices); or 
(ii) 
in the case of Index Securities, if Highest Value is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Issuer will on giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with 
Security Condition 8 (Notices), pay an amount to each Securityholder in respect of each Security 
or, if Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit held by such Securityholder, 
an amount equal to the greater of the fair market value of such Security or Unit, as the case may 
be (notwithstanding any illegality (if applicable) and taking into account any Non-
Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract) and the Protected Amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that, (x) no costs shall be deducted from such 
amount and (y) such amount shall include the reimbursement by the Issuer, pro rata (calculated 
from the cancellation date notified to the Securityholders until the scheduled Exercise Date or

--- Page 50 ---
- 50 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
Expiration Date, as the case may be, of the Securities of any costs (including but not limited to 
any structuring costs) paid by Securityholders to the Issuer in the Exercise Price of the Securities, 
such amount to be paid to the Securityholders on the date notified to the Securityholders in the 
notice of cancellation; 
(iii) 
in the case of Index Securities, if Market Value is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Issuer will on giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with Security 
Condition 8 (Notices), pay an amount to each Securityholder in respect of each Security or, if 
Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit held by such Securityholder, an 
amount equal to the fair market value of such Security or Unit, as the case may be 
(notwithstanding the illegality (if applicable) and taking into account any Non-Commencement 
or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract) calculated (x) without taking account of 
any costs and no costs shall be deducted from such amount, and (y) including the reimbursement 
by the Issuer, pro rata (calculated from the cancellation date notified to the Securityholders 
until the scheduled Exercise Date or Expiration Date, as the case may be, of the Securities), of 
any costs (including but not limited to any structuring costs) paid by Securityholders to the 
Issuer in the Exercise Price of the Securities, such an amount to be paid to the Securityholders 
on the date notified in the notice of cancellation. 
Rollover ("Rollover") will be effected on the relevant day specified in the applicable Final Terms or the 
date selected by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
within the Futures Rollover Period specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Futures Rollover 
Date") within a certain time frame shortly before the expiration date of the current futures contract. 
Consequently on any Futures Rollover Date, the relevant Issuer will liquidate its positions assumed 
through the corresponding hedging arrangements in relation to the existing futures contract whose 
expiration is imminent and will assume corresponding positions in relation to a new futures contract 
having identical terms but with a different maturity selected by it acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. 
At each Rollover there may be expenses incurred in replacing the futures contract which may have an 
adverse effect on the return on the Securities. 
Prospective investors should be aware that in respect of Rolling Futures Contract Securities, the price 
difference between the futures involved in each Rollover may have a negative effect on the value of the 
securities and in the long term be higher than the positive performance of the underlying and result in a 
total loss of the investment in the Securities. Rolling Futures Contract Securities may not be suitable for 
investors who intend to invest medium to long term. 
Certain Considerations associated with Inflation Index Securities 
An investment in Inflation Index Securities will entail significant risks not associated with an investment 
in a conventional debt security. On settlement of Inflation Index Securities, Securityholders will receive 
an amount (if any) determined by reference to the value of the underlying inflation index/indices. 
Inflation  indices may  not  correlate  with other  indices  and  may  not  correlate  perfectly w ith the  rate  
of inflation observed  by purchasers of the  Inflation  Index Securities in  such jurisdiction.  The  value  
of the  Inflation  Index Securities which are linked  to an inflation index may be based on a calculation  
made  by reference to such inflation index for a month which is several months prior to the  date of 
payment on the Inflation Index Securities and therefore could be substantially different from the  level 
of inflation at the time of the payment on the Inflation Index Securities. 
Upon  the occurrence of certain events in relation to an inflation index, e.g., the inflation index level has 
not been published or is discontinued or is corrected or such inflation index is rebased or materially 
modified, then depending on the particular event, the relevant Issuer may determine the level, substitute 
the original inflation index, adjust the terms and conditions of the Inflation Index Securities or cancel the 
Inflation Index Securities. Any such event and its consequences may have an adverse effect on the value 
of the Inflation Index Securities. 
Certain considerations associated with Currency Securities

--- Page 51 ---
- 51 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
An investment in Currency Securities will entail significant risks not associated with an investment in a 
conventional debt security. On settlement of Currency Securities, Securityholders will receive an amount 
(if any) determined by reference to the value of the currency/currencies and/or the physical delivery of a 
given amount of a currency or currencies. Accordingly, an investment in Currency Securities may bear 
similar market risks to a direct currency investment, and investors should take advice accordingly. 
Fluctuations in exchange rates of the relevant currency (or basket of currencies) will affect the value of 
Currency Securities. The performance of foreign exchange rates is dependent upon the supply and 
demand for currencies in the international foreign exchange markets, which are subject to international 
and domestic political factors, economic factors (including inflation rates in the countries concerned, 
interest rate differences between the respective countries), economic forecasts, currency convertibility 
and safety of making financial investments in the currency concerned, speculation and measures taken 
by governments and central banks. Measures taken by governments and central banks include, without 
limitation, imposition of regulatory controls or taxes, issuance of a new currency to replace an existing 
currency, alteration of the exchange rate or exchange characteristics by devaluation or revaluation of a 
currency or imposition of exchange controls with respect to the exchange or transfer of a Settlement 
Currency that would affect exchange rates and the availability of a Settlement Currency which would 
affect return on the Currency Security or ability of the relevant Issuer to make delivery in the Settlement 
Currency. 
Furthermore, investors who intend to convert gains or losses from the exercise, settlement or sale of 
Currency Securities into their home currency may be affected by fluctuations in exchange rates between 
their home currency and the relevant currency (or basket of currencies). Currency values may be affected 
by complex political and economic factors, including governmental action to fix or support the value of 
a currency (or basket of currencies), regardless of other market forces. Investors in Currency Securities 
risk losing their entire investment if exchange rates of the relevant currency (or basket of currencies) do 
not move in the anticipated direction. 
If additional warrants, securities or options relating to particular currencies or particular currency indices 
are subsequently issued, the supply of warrants and options relating to such currencies or currency 
indices, as applicable, in the market will increase, which could cause the price at which the Securities 
and such other warrants, securities and options trade in the secondary market to decline significantly. 
Currency Securities linked to emerging market currencies may experience greater volatility and less 
certainty as to the future levels of such emerging market currencies or their rate of exchange as against 
other currencies. See also "Certain Considerations Associated with Securities Linked to Emerging 
Markets". 
Certain considerations associated with Fund Securities 
An investment in Fund Securities will entail significant risks not associated with an investment in a 
conventional debt security. On settlement of Fund Securities, Securityholders will receive an amount (if 
any) determined by reference to the value of the fund shares and/or the physical delivery of a given 
number of fund shares or units. Accordingly, an investment in Fund Securities may bear similar market 
risks to a direct fund investment, and investors should take advice accordingly. The price of units or 
shares in a fund may be affected by the performance of the fund service providers, and in particular the 
investment adviser. 
No Fund Service Provider will have participated in the preparation of the relevant Final Terms or in 
establishing the terms of the Fund Securities, and none of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) or any 
Dealer will make any investigation or enquiry in connection with such offering with respect to any 
information concerning any such issuer of fund shares or units contained in such Final Terms or in the 
documents from which such information was extracted. Consequently, there can be no assurance that all 
events occurring prior to the relevant issue date (including events that would affect the accuracy or 
completeness of the publicly available information described in this paragraph or in any relevant Final 
Terms) that would affect the trading price of the fund shares or units will have been publicly disclosed. 
Subsequent disclosure of any such events or the disclosure of or failure to disclose material future events 
concerning such an issuer of fund shares or units could affect the trading price of the fund shares or units 
and therefore the trading price of the Securities. Fund Securities do not provide Securityholders with any 
participation rights in the underlying Fund(s) and except in certain circumstances in the case of Physical

--- Page 52 ---
- 52 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
Delivery Securities, do not entitle holders of Fund Securities to any ownership interest or rights in such 
Fund(s). 
Except as provided in the Conditions, Securityholders will not have voting rights or rights to receive 
dividends or distributions or any other rights with respect to the relevant fund shares or units to which 
such Securities relate. 
Certain considerations associated with Futures Securities 
An investment in Futures Securities will entail significant risks not associated with an investment in a 
conventional debt security. On settlement of Futures Securities, Securityholders will receive an amount 
(if any) determined by reference to the value of the futures contract or basket of futures contracts. Should 
an exchange make or announce: (a) a modification to the futures contract, (b) a replacement of the futures 
contract with another futures contract, or (c) that the futures contract will cease to be listed, traded or 
publicly quoted, a Future Adjustement Event will occurr. Upon the occurrence of a Futures Adjustment 
Event: (i) the Calculation Agent may determine whether to use the futures contract so modified or 
replaced, as the case may be, or (ii) the Issuer may cancel the Futures Securities and pay a cancellation 
amount equal to: (1) (unless otherwise specified or if Market Value is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) the fair market value of each Warrant, or if Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
each Unit being cancelled; or (2) (if Highest Value is specified in the applicable Final Terms) the greater 
of the fair market value of each Warrant, or if Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
Unit being cancelled, and the Protected Amount specified in the Final Terms. In addition, if the published 
price of a futures contract is subsequently corrected, the corrected price will be used if it is corrected 
within the prescribed period, provided that, if the corrected price is published less than three Exchange 
Business Days prior to a due date for payment it will be disregarded. Accordingly, an investment in 
Futures Securities may bear similar market risks to a direct futures contract investment, and investors 
should take advice accordingly.  
Certain considerations associated with Hybrid Securities 
An investment in Hybrid Securities will entail significant risks which are different from those associated 
with an investment in a conventional debt security. In fact, with respect to Hybrid Securities the 
Underlying Reference may be any combination of indices (or index futures or options contracts), shares, 
interests in exchange traded instruments, debt instruments (or debt futures or options contracts), inflation 
indices, currencies (or currency futures contracts), funds, futures contracts, underlying interest rates or 
other asset classes or type. Consequently, investors should be aware that on settlement of Hybrid 
Securities, Securityholders will receive an amount (if any) determined by reference to the value of a 
number of different Underlying References of different type. 
Certain considerations associated with Open End Warrants and OET Warrants 
Open End Warrants and OET Warrants do not have any pre-determined maturity and may be settled on 
any date determined by the relevant Issuer, subject to compliance with the provisions of the Conditions. 
Investment in Open End Warrants and OET Warrants will entail additional risks compared with other 
Warrants, due to the fact that the settlement date for such OET Warrants cannot be determined by the 
investor and this may have an impact on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
(D) 
Additional factors relating to certain Underlying References 
Certain considerations associated with Securities linked to ETIs 
ETI Securities linked to one or more interest in exchange traded instruments reflect the performance of 
such interest in exchange traded instruments. 
An exchange traded instrument may invest in and trade in a variety of investments and financial 
instruments using sophisticated investment techniques for hedging and non-hedging purposes. Such 
financial instruments and investment techniques may include, but are not limited to, the use of leverage, 
short sales of securities, derivative transactions, such as swaps, stock options, index options, futures 
contracts and options on futures, lending of securities to certain financial institutions, entry into 
repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements for securities and the investment in foreign securities and 
foreign currencies.

--- Page 53 ---
- 53 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
The amount payable on ETI Securities will be dependent on the performance of the relevant ETI(s) 
underlying the ETI Securities, which may be linked to the reported NAV per ETI Interest, the trading 
price available on an exchange for the relevant ETI Interest and/or the actual redemption proceeds the 
Hedge Provider or a hypothetical investor in the relevant ETI(s) would receive. The amount payable on 
the ETI Securities may be less and in certain circumstances may be significantly less than the return from 
a direct investment in the relevant ETI(s) and may be zero. 
Unlike Funds, exchange traded instruments are not actively managed. The value of an interest in an 
exchange traded instrument will decline, more or less, in line with the decline of any securities or the 
value of any index underlying or linked to the relevant exchange traded instrument. Exchange traded 
instruments involve risks similar to those of investing in any equity securities traded on an exchange, 
such as market fluctuations caused by, amongst other things, economic and political developments, 
changes in interest rates and perceived trends in prices of securities. Where the relevant exchange traded 
instrument is linked to a particular index, the return on such exchange traded instrument may not match 
the return of the particular index. 
Potential investors in ETI Securities should be aware that none of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if 
any) or the Calculation Agent have any control over investments made by the relevant exchange traded 
instrument(s) and in no way guarantee the performance of an exchange traded instrument or the amount 
payable to holders of ETI Securities. 
In hedging the relevant Issuer's obligations under the ETI Securities, the Hedge Provider is not restricted 
to any particular hedging practice. Accordingly, the Hedge Provider may hedge its exposure using any 
method it, in its sole discretion, deems appropriate, including, but not limited to, investing in the relevant 
exchange traded instrument(s), replicating the performance of the relevant exchange traded instrument(s) 
or holding any of the assets underlying the relevant exchange traded instrument(s). The Hedge Provider 
may perform any number of different hedging practices with respect to ETI Securities. 
Investing directly or indirectly in interests in exchange traded instruments is generally considered to be 
risky. If the exchange traded instrument does not perform sufficiently well, the value of the Securities 
will fall, and may in certain circumstances be zero. 
Prospective investors should review carefully the prospectus, information memorandum and/or offering 
circular (if any) issued by any relevant exchange traded instrument before purchasing any ETI Securities. 
None of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if any), the Calculation Agent or any of their respective 
Affiliates make any representation as to the creditworthiness of any relevant exchange traded instrument 
or any such exchange traded instrument's administrative, custodian, investment manager or adviser. 
Certain considerations associated with Securities linked to Funds 
Where an Issuer issues Fund Securities linked to one or more Funds, the relevant Securities reflect the 
performance of such fund(s). 
Investors in Fund Securities should understand that: 
(i) 
there are market risks associated with an actual investment in the underlying Fund(s), and while 
the Fund Securities do not create an actual interest in the underlying Fund(s), the return on the 
Fund Securities generally involves the same associated risks as an actual investment in the 
underlying Fund(s). The Issuer has not purported and does not purport to be a source of 
information concerning the market risks associated with such underlying Fund or Fund interests; 
(ii) 
third parties, not related to the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, may subscribe for and redeem 
underlying fund interests. These investments may affect the performance and volatility of such 
Fund's net asset value and so subsequently affect, from time to time, the return on the Fund 
Securities; 
(iii) 
the relevant Issuer has no control over the underlying Fund(s) or the performance of such Fund(s) 
and any performance of the underlying Fund(s) necessary for the Fund Securities to yield a 
specified return is not assured. Potential investors in the Fund Securities should understand that 
the performance of the underlying Fund(s) may, depending on the terms of the Fund Securities, 
strongly affect the value of payments on the Fund Securities;

--- Page 54 ---
- 54 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
(iv) 
the value of units in the underlying Fund(s) and the income from it may fluctuate significantly. 
The Issuer makes no representation or warranty about, or guarantee of, the performance of an 
underlying Fund; 
(v) 
the relevant Issuer has not provided and will not provide during the term of the Fund Securities 
prospective investors with any information or advice with respect to the performance of an 
underlying Fund. The Issuer may have acquired, or during the term of the Fund Securities may 
acquire, non-public information with respect to an underlying Fund, which will not be provided 
to the Securityholders; 
(vi) 
the Funds may follow a wide range of investment strategies, invest in assets in a number of 
different countries and invest in assets denominated in a number of different currencies. The 
returns to the Securityholders may, therefore, be materially affected by, among other things, 
market trends, exchange rate fluctuations and political and economic developments in the 
relevant countries. This may lead to substantial volatility in the net asset value of the Funds; 
(vii) 
the funds may have investment strategies and guidelines that are very broad. They may also be 
free to engage in additional or alternative strategies without reference to any other person 
including the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor and the investor; 
(viii) 
Funds may trade and invest in a broad range of investments and financial instruments using 
sophisticated investment techniques for hedging and non-hedging purposes such as debt and 
equity securities and foreign exchange and may enter into derivative transactions, including, 
without limitation, futures, swaps and options. Such financial instruments and investment 
techniques may also include, but are not limited to, the use of leverage, short sales of securities, 
transactions that involve the lending and borrowing of securities to financial institutions, 
investment in sub-investment grade or non-readily realizable investments, uncovered options 
transactions, options and futures transactions and foreign exchange transactions and the use of 
concentrated portfolios, the entry into repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements for 
securities and the investment in foreign securities and foreign currencies. While these 
investment strategies and financial instruments provide the investment manager and/or adviser 
of a Fund the flexibility to implement a range of strategies in an attempt to generate positive 
returns for the Fund, they also create the risk of significant losses and, in certain circumstances, 
may magnify adverse market developments and losses that may adversely affect the value of 
the Fund and therefore the return on the Fund Securities. Potential investors should be aware 
that none of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if any) or the Calculation Agent have any control 
over investments made by a Fund and therefore in no way guarantee the performance of a Fund 
and therefore the amount due to Securityholders on exercise of the Fund Securities; 
(ix) 
Funds may often be illiquid and may only be traded on a monthly, quarterly or even less frequent 
basis. The trading strategies of Funds are often opaque. Funds, as well as the markets and 
instruments in which they invest, are often not subject to review by governmental authorities, 
self-regulatory organisations or other supervisory authorities; 
(x) 
the amount payable on Fund Securities will be dependent on the performance of the relevant 
Fund(s) underlying the Fund Securities, which may be linked to the reported NAV per Fund 
Share and/or the actual redemption proceeds the Hedge Provider or a hypothetical investor in 
the relevant Fund(s) would receive. The amount payable on the Fund Securities may be less 
than the amount payable from a direct investment in the relevant Fund(s); 
(xi) 
in certain circumstances, a Fund may continue reporting a NAV per Fund Share, but the Hedge 
Provider or a hypothetical investor may not be able to realise their investment in the relevant 
Fund(s) at such reported NAV per Fund Share. In such a case, the return on the Fund Securities 
may be less and in certain circumstances may be significantly less than the reported performance 
of the relevant Fund(s) and may be zero; 
(xii) 
a Fund may be established as part of a master-feeder fund structure. Generally, a master-feeder 
fund structure involves the incorporation of a "master" fund company into which separate and 
distinct "feeder" funds invest. Active management of any investment strategy is, generally, 
performed at the master fund level. In instances where the Fund(s) underlying the relevant Fund 
Securities are "feeder" funds, the Extraordinary Fund Events (see "Other Events relating to

--- Page 55 ---
- 55 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
Fund Securities" below) extend to include the "master" fund and its service providers. In 
conducting their own due diligence of the relevant Fund(s), prospective investors should pay 
particular attention to whether the relevant Fund(s) are established as part of a master-feeder 
fund structure; 
(xiii) 
In hedging the relevant Issuer's obligations under the Fund Securities, the Hedge Provider is not 
restricted to any particular hedging practice. Accordingly, the Hedge Provider may hedge its 
exposure using any method it, in its sole discretion, deems appropriate, including, but not 
limited to, investing in the relevant Fund(s), replicating the performance of the relevant Fund(s) 
or holding any of the assets underlying the relevant Fund(s). The Hedge Provider may perform 
any number of different hedging practices with respect to Fund Securities; 
(xiv) 
the Funds may often rely on a few individuals to determine their investment strategies and to 
make investment decision. The loss of such individuals could jeopardise the performance of the 
Funds; 
(xv) 
the funds may be engaged in a high level of trading with commensurately high brokerage and 
transaction costs, as well as costs associated with leverage, such as interest payments and margin 
maintenance. Such costs will adversely affect the net asset value of the Funds and so may 
adversely affect the return on the Fund Securities; 
(xvi) 
the Funds will be exposed to credit risks against brokers and other counterparties with which 
they deal in implementing their investment strategies; 
(xvii) 
where underlying Funds invest in unlisted shares and certain other assets, risks associated with 
reduced liquidity and lack of objective valuations will arise. Additionally, the underlying Funds 
may invest in emerging markets. This involves risks attributable to nationalisations, 
expropriation or taxation, currency devaluation, foreign exchange control, political, social or 
diplomatic instability or governmental restrictions. The capital markets in such countries have 
substantially less volume, and are generally less liquid and more volatile, than those in more 
developed markets. Disclosure and regulatory requirements could be less stringent than in other 
markets, with a low level of monitoring and limited and uneven enforcements of existing 
regulations; 
(xviii) 
an underlying Fund may have no or a limited history, with no proven track record in achieving 
their stated investment objectives; 
(xix) 
some or all of the underlying Funds may be wholly unregulated investment vehicles and may 
trade in futures, options, forward exchange contracts and other derivative instruments, which 
may represent significant investment risks. In addition, underlying funds may acquire leveraged 
trading positions, including through the use of borrowing, and may engage in short selling. As 
a result of leverage, relatively small adverse price movements may result in substantial losses; 
and 
(xx) 
an underlying Fund itself may be subject to fees and charges on its investments which shall be 
borne by such Fund and incorporated in the value of interests in it. 
Risk from composition and changes to a fund 
The management company of a Fund can, without regard to the interests of the investors in the Fund 
Securities, add, delete or substitute any funds by reference to which the value of a fund is calculated or 
make other methodological changes that could change the investment profile of a fund. The management 
company may also determine to discontinue a Fund. If a Fund is discontinued, it may be replaced by 
other assets and/or the Fund Securities may be cancelled early. 
In the event that a Fund is materially modified or permanently cancelled or the management company 
fails to calculate or announce the NAV per Fund Share, the Calculation Agent will either make such 
adjustments to any variable, calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, payment terms or any other 
terms and conditions of the Fund Securities as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account 
for the effect on the Fund Securities of such events, or may cancel the Fund Securities early. Any of these 
decisions or determinations may adversely impact the value of the Fund Securities.

--- Page 56 ---
- 56 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
Funds may be subject to transfer restrictions and illiquidity 
Funds and the assets thereof may be subject to transfer restrictions arising by way of applicable securities 
laws or otherwise. Such restrictions may mean that investors are not entitled to acquire interests in the 
Funds directly. Holders of units or shares (however described) in a Fund may have the right to transfer 
or withdraw their investment in the Fund only at certain times and upon completion of certain 
documentary formalities and such rights may be subject to suspension or alteration. These circumstances 
may affect the NAV per Fund Share of the relevant Funds. Potential investors should familiarise 
themselves with the features of the Funds in this regard. 
Events which affect the value of a Fund will affect the value of Fund Securities 
The occurrence of any of the following events could materially and adversely affect the value of shares 
or units in a Fund, and have a consequent material and adverse effect on the value of Fund Securities: 
 
Valuation: The valuation of Funds is generally controlled by the management company of the 
Fund. Valuations are performed in accordance the terms and conditions governing the Fund. 
Such valuations may be based upon the unaudited financial records of the Fund and any 
accounts pertaining thereto. Such valuations may be preliminary calculations of the net asset 
values of the Fund and accounts. The Fund may hold a significant number of investments which 
are illiquid or otherwise not actively traded and in respect of which reliable net asset values may 
be difficult to obtain. In consequence, the management company may vary certain quotations 
for such investments held by the fund in order to reflect its judgement as to the fair value thereof. 
 
Therefore, valuations may be subject to subsequent adjustment upward or downward. 
Uncertainties as to the valuation of fund assets and/or accounts may have an adverse effect on 
the net asset value of the Fund where such judgements regarding valuations prove to be incorrect. 
 
Trading charges: The performance of a Fund will be affected by the charges incurred thereby 
relating to the investments of such Fund. The Fund may engage in short-term trading which 
may result in increased turnover and associated higher than normal brokerage commissions and 
other expenses. 
 
Legal and regulatory changes: Future changes to applicable law or regulation may be adverse 
to a Fund. 
 
Performance risk: No assurance can be given relating to the present or future performance of a 
Fund. The performance of a Fund is dependent on the performance of the management company 
thereof. Certain management companies may utilise analytical models upon which investment 
decisions are based. No assurance can be given that these persons will succeed in meeting the 
investment objectives of the Fund, that any analytical model used thereby will prove to be 
correct or that any assessments of the short-term or long-term prospects, volatility and 
correlation of the types of investments in which the Funds have invested or will invest will 
prove accurate. 
 
Effect of exchange rates and exchange controls: The NAV per Fund Share could be adversely 
affected not only by hedging costs and changes in exchange rates, but also by local exchange 
control regulations and other limitations, including currency exchange limitations and political 
and economic developments in the relevant countries. 
 
Market risks: The markets in which a Fund invests may prove to be highly volatile from time 
to time as a result of, for example, sudden changes in government policies on taxation and 
currency repatriation or changes in legislation relating to the value of foreign ownership in 
companies, and this may affect the net asset value at which a fund may liquidate positions to 
meet repurchase requests or other funding requirements. 
 
Hedging risks: A Fund may in certain cases employ various hedging techniques to reduce the 
risk of investment positions. A substantial risk remains, nonetheless, that such techniques will 
not always be available and when available, will not always be effective in limiting losses. A 
fund may take substantial unhedged positions.

--- Page 57 ---
- 57 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
 
Interest rate risks: The values of securities held by a Fund (or by any underlying fund) tend to 
be sensitive to interest rate fluctuations and unexpected fluctuations in interest rates could cause 
the corresponding NAV per Fund Share to move in directions which were not initially 
anticipated. To the extent that interest rate assumptions underlie the hedge ratios implemented 
in hedging a particular position, fluctuations in interest rates could invalidate those underlying 
assumptions and expose a Fund to losses. 
 
Suspension of trading: A securities exchange typically has the right to suspend or limit trading 
in any instrument traded on that exchange. A suspension could render it impossible for a Fund 
to liquidate positions and thereby expose a Fund to losses. 
 
Dependence on key individuals: The success of a Fund is dependent on the expertise of its 
managers. The loss of one or more individuals could have a material adverse effect on the ability 
of a fund manager to direct a Fund's portfolio, resulting in losses for a Fund and a decline in the 
value of a Fund. Indeed, certain fund managers may have only one principal, without whom the 
relevant fund manager could not continue to operate. 
 
Experience of fund managers: Certain Funds may be managed by investment managers who 
have managed funds for a relatively short period of time. The previous experience of such 
investment managers is typically in trading proprietary accounts of financial institutions or 
managing unhedged accounts of institutional asset managers or other investment firms. As such 
investment managers do not have direct experience in managing Funds, including experience 
with financial, legal or regulatory considerations unique to fund management, and there is 
generally less information available on which to base an opinion of such managers' investment 
and management expertise, investments with such investment managers may be subject to 
greater risk and uncertainty than investments with more experienced fund managers. 
 
Risk of fraud: There is a risk that a fund manager could divert or abscond with the assets, fail to 
follow agreed-upon investment strategies, provide false reports of operations or engage in other 
misconduct. 
 
Performance compensation payable to fund managers: The performance-based compensation 
paid to a fund manager is typically calculated on a basis that includes unrealised appreciation 
and may consequently be greater than if such compensation were based solely on realised gains. 
Each Fund generally calculates its own performance compensation based on its individual 
performance, irrespective of increases in the overall value of the Fund. Furthermore, when the 
Fund is rebalanced and an unprofitable underlying asset is removed, the loss carried forward by 
such Fund's trading is eliminated for purposes of calculating subsequent performance 
compensation due to the fund manager of any replacement underlying asset. Thus, there may 
be substantial incentive compensation due to the relevant fund manager even during a period 
when the portfolio of assets is incurring significant losses. 
 
Risks of leverage: A Fund may borrow subject to applicable restrictions provided by laws and 
typically utilise various lines of credit and other forms of leverage. In addition, certain of a 
Fund's investment strategies (primarily those utilising derivative instruments) may involve 
indirect forms of leverage. While leverage presents opportunities for increasing a Fund's total 
return, it increases the potential risk of loss as well. Any event which adversely affects the value 
of an investment by a fund is magnified to the extent that such investment is leveraged. Leverage 
can have a similar effect on issuers in which a Fund invests. The use of leverage by a Fund 
could result in substantial losses which would be greater than if leverage had not been used. A 
Fund's assets may be further leveraged or hedged by the use of derivatives. In addition, 
investments of a Fund may include investments in partnerships and other pooled investment 
vehicles, which themselves employ leverage to a significant extent. Such investments are 
subject to the same leverage risks as described above and a Fund could lose its entire investment. 
As a general matter, the banks and dealers that provide financing to a Fund can apply essentially 
discretionary margin, haircut, financing and security and collateral valuation policies. Changes 
by banks and dealers in these policies may result in large margin calls, loss of financing and 
forced liquidations of positions at disadvantageous net asset values.

--- Page 58 ---
- 58 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
 
Investment criteria: It may be difficult to specify precisely or comprehensively the strategies of 
a Fund. As a result, it may not sometimes be clear whether or not a Fund fulfils the investment 
criteria set out in its offering document. 
 
Risks of equity investments: The investment orientation of a Fund may be based to a significant 
extent on equity investments. Investment in equity securities to aggressively seek capital 
appreciation is speculative and is generally perceived to encompass greater risks than those 
involved in connection with an investment in debt securities of comparable issuers. 
 
Risks of fixed income investments: A Fund may invest in fixed income securities and, therefore, 
may be exposed to the risk of default by the issuers of such securities. Such default may result 
in delays in payment, or non-payment of interest or principal when due. Furthermore, the net 
asset value of fixed income securities may also fluctuate with changes in prevailing interest 
rates and/or in the creditworthiness of the issuer, and these fluctuations may result in a loss of 
capital by a Fund. 
 
Risks of collective investment schemes: Some Funds may invest in other collective investment 
schemes. Investment in schemes of this type may afford the investor less transparency in respect 
of the ultimate assets of the scheme. 
 
Large transactions: Large subscriptions and redemptions may result in the liquidation or 
dilution of Fund assets that may affect the NAV per Fund Share of such Fund. 
 
Emerging markets: A Fund may invest in securities of governments of, or companies domiciled 
in, less-developed or emerging markets. See "Certain considerations associated with Securities 
linked to emerging markets". Custody arrangements in such countries may also present 
enhanced risk. 
 
Risks of repos: A Fund may use repurchase agreements. Under a repurchase agreement, a 
security is sold to a buyer and at the same time the seller of the security agrees to buy back the 
security at a later date at a higher net asset value. In the event of a bankruptcy or other default 
of the transferor of securities in a repurchase agreement, a Fund could experience delays in 
liquidating the underlying securities and losses, including possible declines in the value of the 
collateral during the period while it seeks to enforce its rights thereto; possible subnormal levels 
of income and lack of access to income during this period and the expenses of enforcing its 
rights. In the case of a default by the transferee of securities in a repurchase agreement, the 
management company bears the risk that the transferee may not deliver the securities when 
required. 
 
Risks of currency speculation: A Fund may engage in exchange rate speculation. Foreign 
exchange rates have been highly volatile in recent years. The combination of volatility and 
leverage gives rise to the possibility of large profit but also carries a high risk of loss. In addition, 
there is counterparty credit risk since foreign exchange trading is done on a principal to principal 
basis. 
 
Risks of commodity futures: Commodity futures prices can be highly volatile. As a result of the 
low margin deposits normally required in futures trading, an extremely high degree of leverage 
is typical of a futures trading account. As a result, a relatively small price movement in a futures 
contract may result in substantial losses to the investor. Like other leveraged investments, a 
futures transaction may result in losses in excess of the amount invested. 
 
Risks of derivative instruments: A Fund may use derivative instruments, such as collateralised 
debt obligations, stripped mortgage-backed securities, options and swaps. There are 
uncertainties as to how the derivatives market will perform during periods of unusual price 
volatility or instability, market illiquidity or credit distress. Substantial risks are also involved 
in borrowing and lending against such instruments. The prices of these instruments are volatile, 
market movements are difficult to predict and financing sources and related interest rates are 
subject to rapid change. One or more markets may move against the positions held by a Fund, 
thereby causing substantial losses. Most of these instruments are not traded on exchanges but 
rather through an informal network of banks and dealers. These banks and dealers have no

--- Page 59 ---
- 59 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
obligation to make markets in these instruments and may apply essentially discretionary margin 
and credit requirements (and thus, in effect, force a Fund to close out its relevant positions). In 
addition, such instruments carry the additional risk of failure to perform by the counterparty to 
the transaction. Government policies, especially those of the U.S. Federal Reserve Board and 
non-U.S. central banks, have profound effects on interest and exchange rates which, in turn, 
affect prices of derivative instruments. Many other unforeseeable events, including actions by 
various government agencies and domestic and international political events, may cause sharp 
market fluctuations. 
 
Risks of short selling: A Fund may sell securities short. Short selling exposes a fund to 
theoretically unlimited risk due to the lack of an upper limit on the price to which a security 
may rise. Short selling involves the sale of borrowed stock. If a stock loan is called, the short 
seller may be forced to repurchase the stock at a loss. In addition, some traders may attempt to 
profit by forcing short sellers to incur a loss. Traders may make large purchases of a stock that 
has been sold short. The large purchases are intended to drive up the stock price, and cause the 
short sellers to incur losses. By doing this, the traders hope the short sellers will limit their losses 
by repurchasing the stock and force the stock price even higher. 
 
Risks of arbitrage: The use of arbitrage strategies by a Fund in no respect should be taken to 
imply that such strategies are without risk. Substantial losses may be incurred on "hedge" or 
"arbitrage" positions, and illiquidity and default on one side of a position may effectively result 
in the position being transformed into an outright speculation. Every arbitrage strategy involves 
exposure to some second order risk of the market, such as the implied volatility in convertible 
bonds or warrants, the yield spread between similar term government bonds or the net asset 
value spread between different classes of stock for the same underlying firm. Further, there are 
few examples of "pure" arbitrage funds. Most Funds also employ limited directional strategies 
which expose them to market risk. 
 
Credit risk: Many of the markets in which a fund effects its transactions are "over-the-counter" 
or "inter-dealer" markets. The participants in these markets are typically not subject to credit 
evaluation and regulatory oversight as are members of "exchange based" markets. To the extent 
that a Fund invests in swaps, derivatives or synthetic instruments, or other over-the-counter 
transactions in these markets, such Fund may take a credit risk with regard to parties with which 
it trades and also may bear the risk of settlement default. These risks may differ materially from 
those involved in exchange-traded transactions, which generally are characterised by clearing 
organisation guarantees, daily marking-to-market and settlement, and segregation and minimum 
capital requirements applicable to intermediaries. Transactions entered into directly between 
two counterparties generally do not benefit from these protections, which in turn may subject a 
Fund to the risk that a counterparty will not settle a transaction in accordance with its terms and 
conditions because of a dispute over the terms of the contract or because of a credit or liquidity 
problem. Such "counterparty risk" is increased for contracts with longer maturities when events 
may intervene to prevent settlement. The ability of a Fund to transact business with any one or 
any number of counterparties, the lack of any independent evaluation of the counterparties or 
their financial capabilities, and the absence of a regulated market to facilitate settlement, may 
increase the potential for losses. 
 
Risks relating to controlling stakes: A Fund may take controlling stakes in companies. The 
exercise of control over a company imposes additional risks of liability for environmental 
damage, product defects, failure to supervise and other types of related liability. 
As the shares of certain funds may only be redeemable on certain dates, there is a risk of delays or 
defaults in payment 
The shares of a Fund may only be redeemable on certain redemption dates, subject to the prescribed 
notice period in respect of such Fund. This gives rise to a time delay between the execution of an order 
for redemption and payment of the proceeds on such redemption. If the Fund becomes insolvent 
following the date on which a redemption order would have to be notionally placed or the Calculation 
Agent determines that the relevant Fund would fail to pay to any shareholder in cash the full redemption 
proceeds owing to them if they redeemed their shares on the relevant date, an adjustment may be made 
by the Calculation Agent when calculating the return on the Securities to the NAV per Fund Share of the 
relevant Fund, thereby reducing the return on the Securities.

--- Page 60 ---
- 60 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
The market price of Fund Securities may be volatile and may depend on the time remaining to the 
settlement date and the volatility of the price of fund share(s) or unit(s). The price of fund share(s) or 
unit(s) may be affected by the economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions, 
including factors affecting the exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which any units in the fund or funds 
may be traded. 
For all the above reasons, investing directly or indirectly in Funds is generally considered to be risky. If 
the underlying Fund does not perform sufficiently well, the value of the Security will fall, and may in 
certain circumstances be zero. 
Certain considerations associated with Securities linked to emerging markets 
Each Issuer may issue Securities where the amount payable on settlement is linked to Underlying 
References which consist of (i) securities, funds or indices comprising securities of issuers that are 
located in, or subject to regulation in, emerging or developing countries, or (ii) securities which are 
denominated in the currency of, or are traded in, emerging or developing countries or (iii) currencies of 
emerging or developing countries. Prospective investors should note that additional risks may be 
associated with investment in such Securities, including risks associated with political and economic 
uncertainty, adverse governmental policies, restrictions on foreign investment and currency 
convertibility, currency exchange rate fluctuations, possible lower levels of disclosure and regulation, 
and uncertainties as to the status, interpretation and application of laws including, but not limited to, 
those relating to expropriation, nationalisation and confiscation. Securities traded in emerging or 
developing countries tend to be less liquid and the prices of such securities more volatile. In addition, 
settlement of trades in some such markets may be slower and more subject to failure than in markets in 
developed countries. 
Increased custodian costs as well as administrative difficulties (such as the applicability of the laws of 
the jurisdictions of emerging or developing countries to custodians in such jurisdictions in various 
circumstances, including bankruptcy, ability to recover lost assets, expropriation, nationalisation and 
record access) may also arise from the maintenance of assets in such emerging or developing countries. 
Prospective purchasers of the Securities should also be aware that the probability of the occurrence of a 
Hedging Disruption Event (or other Adjustment Event under the relevant legal terms as set out further in 
the Security Conditions) and consequently loss of investment or profit by an investor may be higher for 
certain developing or emerging markets. Prospective investors are expected to conduct their own 
enquiries and be satisfied that there are additional risks associated with investments linked to the 
performance of underlying assets located in these markets. 
Exchange control risks 
Potential investors should be aware that there is the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Settlement Currency (as specified in the applicable Final Terms and/or the currency in which the 
Underlying Reference is denominated, such as government and monetary authorities, may impose or 
modify (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable 
exchange rate or transfer of funds in and out of the country. It is impossible to predict whether the value 
of one such currency relative to another will rise or fall during the term of the Securities. 
(E) 
Additional factors relating to disruption and adjustments 
If an Additional Disruption Event occurs, or any Optional Additional Disruption Event specified in the 
applicable Final Terms occurs (other than in respect of a Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity), the 
Securities may be subject to adjustment (including, in the case of Share Securities linked to a Basket of 
Shares, adjustments to the Basket of Shares), early settlement or the amount payable on scheduled 
settlement may be different from the amount expected to be paid at scheduled settlement. 
The Additional Disruption Events relate to changes in law (including changes in tax or regulatory capital 
requirements) and hedging disruptions in respect of any hedging transactions relating to the Securities 
(both as more fully set out in the Conditions). 
If a Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity occurs:

--- Page 61 ---
- 61 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
(A) 
subject as provided in the Conditions, any Relevant Assets which are not Affected Relevant 
Assets, will be delivered on the originally designated Settlement Date; and 
(B) 
in respect of any Affected Relevant Assets, in lieu of physical settlement, the Issuer may elect 
in its sole discretion to satisfy its obligations in respect of the relevant Security, by payment to 
the relevant Securityholder of the Failure to Deliver Settlement Price on the fifth Business Day 
following the date that notice of such election is given to the Securityholders in accordance with 
the relevant Conditions. Payment of the Failure to Deliver Settlement Price will be made in 
such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders. 
Consequently the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event and/or an Optional Additional 
Disruption Event may have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of the Securities. 
Market Disruption Events or failure to open of an exchange 
If an issue of Securities includes provisions dealing with the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event or 
failure to open of an exchange on a date for valuation of an Underlying Reference and the Calculation 
Agent determines that a Market Disruption Event or failure to open of an exchange has occurred or exists 
on such valuation date, any consequential postponement of the valuation date, or any alternative 
provisions for valuation provided in any Securities may have an adverse effect on the value and liquidity 
of such Securities. 
The occurrence of such a Market Disruption Event or failure to open of an exchange in relation to any 
Underlying Reference comprising a basket may also have such an adverse effect on Securities related to 
such basket. In addition, any such consequential postponement may result in the postponement of the 
relevant Settlement Date. 
Adjustment events relating to Index Securities 
In the case of Index Securities, if a relevant Index is (i) not calculated and announced by the Index 
Sponsor in respect of the Index but is calculated and announced by a successor sponsor or successor 
entity, as the case may be, acceptable to the Calculation Agent, or (ii) replaced by a successor index 
using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for and 
method of calculation as used in the calculation of that Index, then, in each case, that index will be 
deemed to be the Index. 
The occurrence of an Index Modification, an Index Cancellation or an Index Disruption (each being an 
"Index Adjustment Event") may lead to (i) changes in the calculation of the relevant value or price (if 
the Calculation Agent determines such Index Adjustment Event has a material effect on the Securities), 
(ii) early settlement of the Securities or (iii) the amount payable on scheduled settlement of the Securities 
being different from the amount expected to be paid at scheduled settlement. 
Any such adjustment may have an adverse effect on the value and liquidity of such Securities. 
Potential Adjustment Events relating to Share Securities 
In the case of Share Securities, following the declaration by the Basket Company or Share Company, as 
the case may be, of the terms of any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent will, acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determine whether such Potential Adjustment 
Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Shares and, if so, will make 
the corresponding adjustment, if any, to any terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines appropriate to account for that diluting 
or concentrative effect (provided that no adjustments will be made to account solely for changes in 
volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relative to the relevant Share). Such adjustment 
may have an adverse effect on the value and liquidity of the affected Share Securities. 
Extraordinary Events relating to Share Securities 
In the case of Share Securities the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event (as defined in the Share Security 
Conditions) in relation to a Share, may lead to:

--- Page 62 ---
- 62 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
(A) 
adjustments to any of the terms of the Securities (including, in the case of Share Securities 
linked to a Basket of Shares, adjustments to and/or substitution of constituent shares of the 
Basket of Shares); 
(B) 
early settlement in whole or, in the case of Share Securities relating to a Basket of Shares, in 
part or the amount payable on scheduled settlement being different from the amount expected 
to be paid at scheduled settlement; 
(C) 
the Calculation Agent making an adjustment to any terms of the Securities which corresponds 
to any adjustment to the settlement terms of options on the Shares traded on such exchanges(s) 
or quotation system(s)) as the Issuer in its sole discretion shall select (the "Option Exchange") 
or, if options on the Shares are not traded on the Options Exchange, the Calculation Agent 
making such adjustment, if any, to any terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines appropriate, with reference 
to the rules and precedents (if any) set by the Options Exchange to account for the relevant 
Extraordinary Event that in the determination of the Calculation Agent would have given rise 
to an adjustment by the Options Exchange if such options were so traded. 
Following such settlement, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the relevant proceeds at 
an effective interest rate as high as the effective return on the relevant Securities being settlement and 
may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate, and potential investors should consider 
reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. Consequently the occurrence of an 
Extraordinary Event in relation to a Share may have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of the 
Securities. 
Potential Adjustment Events relating to ETI Securities 
In the case of ETI Securities, following the declaration by the relevant exchange traded instruments or 
any person appointed to provide services directly or indirectly in respect of such exchange traded 
instrument, as the case may be, of the terms of any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent 
will, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determine whether such Potential 
Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the ETI Interests and, 
if so, will make the corresponding adjustment, if any, to any terms of the Securities as the Calculation 
Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines appropriate to account 
for that diluting or concentrative effect (provided that no adjustments will be made to account solely for 
changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relative to the relevant ETI Interest). 
Any such adjustment may have an adverse effect on the value and liquidity of such Securities. 
Extraordinary Events relating to ETI Securities 
In the case of ETI Securities if certain events ("Extraordinary ETI Events") including events relating 
to Global Events, Litigation/Fraudulent Activity Events, Change in Related Parties/Key Persons Events, 
Modification Events, Net Asset Value/Investment/AUM Level Events, Tax/Law/Accounting/Regulatory 
Events, Hedging/Impracticality/Increased Costs Events and Miscellaneous Events in the determination 
of the Calculation Agent (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) occur, the 
relevant Issuer may acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner adjust the terms of the 
Securities to reflect such event, substitute the relevant ETI Interests or redeem the Securities. 
Consequently the occurrence of an Extraordinary ETI Event may have an adverse effect on the value or 
liquidity of the Securities. 
The Issuer will exercise its rights under the ETI Security Conditions, including in particular the action it 
takes on the occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event, acting in good faith. Subject to all regulatory 
obligations, none of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if any) or the Calculation Agent owes any duty or 
responsibility to any of the Securityholders of the ETI Securities. The exercise of such rights in such 
manner may result in an increased loss in performance of the ETI Securities than if the Issuer had taken 
different action.

--- Page 63 ---
- 63 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
Other events relating to Fund Securities 
In the case of Fund Securities, if certain events ("Extraordinary Fund Events") including events 
relating to Global Events, Litigation/Fraudulent Activity Events, Fund Service Provider/Key Person 
Events, Modification Events, NAV per Fund Share/AUM Level Events, Reporting Events, 
Tax/Law/Accounting/Regulatory Events, Hedging/Impracticality/Increased Costs Events, Dealing 
Events and Miscellaneous Events in the determination of the Calculation Agent (acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner) occur, the Issuer may, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, adjust the terms of the Securities to reflect such event, substitute the relevant Fund 
Shares or redeem the Securities. 
Consequently the occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event may have an adverse effect on the value 
or liquidity of the Securities. 
In addition, in the event that redemption proceeds in respect of the underlying Fund Shares are not 
received by the Hedge Provider on or prior to the scheduled date for settlement, such settlement date may 
be postponed for a period of up to two calendar years (or such other period as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) and no additional amount shall be payable as a result of such delay. 
The Issuer will exercise its rights under the Fund Security Conditions, including in particular the action 
it takes on the occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event, acting in good faith. Subject to all regulatory 
obligations, none of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if any) or the Calculation Agent owes any duty or 
responsibility to any of the Securityholders of the Fund Securities. The exercise of such rights in such 
manner may result in an increased loss in performance of the Fund Securities than if the Issuer had taken 
different action. 
Settlement Disruption Events 
In the case of Physical Delivery Securities, if a Settlement Disruption Event occurs or exists on the 
Settlement Date, settlement will be postponed until the next Settlement Business Day in respect of which 
there is no Settlement Disruption Event. The relevant Issuer in these circumstances also has the right to 
pay the Disruption Cash Settlement Price (as defined below) in lieu of delivering the Entitlement. As 
further described below, the Disruption Cash Settlement may be less than the fair market value of the 
Entitlement. 
The occurrence of a FX Settlement Disruption Event may lead to postponement or payment in an 
alternative currency 
If "FX Settlement Disruption" applies to the Securities, and the Calculation Agent determines on the 
second Business Day prior to the relevant due date for payment (the "FX Disrupted Payment Date") 
that a FX Settlement Disruption Event has occurred and is continuing, investors should be aware that 
payments under the relevant Securities may (i) occur at a different time than expected and (ii) be made 
in USD (the "FX Settlement Disruption Currency"). In certain circumstances, the rate of exchange 
used to convert the Specified Currency and/or Settlement Currency into the FX Settlement Disruption 
Currency, may not be the market rate of exchange for such currencies, and in some cases, may be 
determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
Option to Vary Settlement 
If so indicated in the Final Terms, the Issuer may, elect to vary the settlement of the Securities, by (i) in 
the case of cash settled securities, delivering or procuring delivery of the Entitlement instead of making 
payment of the Cash Settlement Amount to the relevant Securityholders or (ii) in the case of physical 
delivery securities, making payment of the Cash Settlement Amount to the relevant Securityholders 
instead of delivering or procuring delivery of the Entitlement. 
Option to Substitute Assets or to Pay the Alternate Cash Settlement Amount 
The Issuer may if the Calculation Agent determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) that the Relevant Asset or Relevant Assets, as the case may be, comprise assets 
which are not freely tradable, elect either (i) to substitute a Substitute Asset or Substitute Assets, as the 
case may be, for the Relevant Asset or Relevant Assets or (ii) not to deliver or procure the delivery of

--- Page 64 ---
- 64 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
the Entitlement or the Substitute Asset or Substitute Assets, as the case may be, to the relevant holders, 
but in lieu thereof to make payment to the relevant holders on the Settlement Date of the Alternate 
Settlement Cash Amount. 
(F) 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate 
risk, interest rate risk and credit risk that may be relevant in connection with an investment in Securities: 
The secondary market generally 
Securities may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market 
does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Securities easily 
or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market. This is particularly the case for Securities that are especially sensitive to interest rate, 
currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been 
structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of 
Securities generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than 
conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of 
Securities. 
The Issuer has no obligation to purchase the Securities from the Securityholders. However, should the 
relevant Issuer decide to purchase the Securities, the secondary market pricing that the relevant Issuer 
may provide on the Securities may reflect the unwinding cost of the hedging portfolio (if any). 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay amounts on the Securities in the Settlement Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Settlement Currency. These include 
the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the 
Settlement Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency or due to the official redenomination of 
the Settlement Currency and/or Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over 
the Settlement Currency and/or the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An 
appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Settlement Currency would decrease 
(i) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Securities (ii) the Investor's Currency equivalent value 
of the principal payable on the Securities and (iii) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the 
Securities. Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less 
interest, principal or other amount than expected, or no interest or principal or other amount. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or 
review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to 
determine whether and to what extent (i) Securities are legal investments for it, (ii) Securities can be used 
as collateral for various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of 
any Securities. Each prospective investor should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators 
to determine the appropriate treatment of Securities under any applicable risk-based capital or similar 
rules. 
Certain specific information may not be known at the beginning of an offer period 
The relevant Final Terms may provide that certain specific information relating to the Securities (such 
as certain amounts, levels, percentages, prices, rates or values (as applicable) used to determine or 
calculate amounts payable or assets deliverable in respect of the Securities) may not be fixed or 
determined until the end of the offer period. In such case, the Final Terms will specify in place of the 
relevant amounts, levels, percentages, prices, rates or values (as applicable), an indicative range of 
amounts, levels, percentages, prices, rates or values (as applicable).

--- Page 65 ---
- 65 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
The actual amount, level, percentage, price, rate or value, applicable to the Securities will be determined 
by the Issuer from within the range and will be made public prior to the Issue Date. The actual rate, level 
or percentage, as applicable, will be determined in accordance with market conditions by the Issuer in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
Prospective investors will be required to make their investment decision based on the indicative range 
rather than the actual amounts, levels, percentages, prices, rates or values (as applicable), which will only 
be fixed after the investment decision is made but will apply to the Securities once issued. 
Where an indicative range is specified in the Final Terms in respect of amounts, levels, percentages, 
prices, rates or values (as applicable), prospective investors should, assume that the actual amounts, 
levels, percentages, prices, rates or values (as applicable) fixed or determined at the end of the offer 
period may have a negative impact on the amounts payable or assets deliverable in respect of the 
Securities and consequently, have an adverse impact on the return on the Securities (when compared 
with other amounts, levels, percentages, prices, rates or values (as applicable) within any indicative 
range). Prospective investors should therefore make their decision to invest in the Securities on that basis. 
Potential conflicts of interest relating to distributors or other entities involved in the offer or listing of 
the Securities 
Potential conflicts of interest may arise in connection with the Securities, as any distributors or other 
entities involved in the offer and/or the listing of the Securities as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, 
will act pursuant to a mandate granted by the Issuer and can receive commissions and/or fees on the basis 
of the services performed in relation to such offer and/or listing. 
Impact of costs and fees on the value of the Securities 
Investors should note that issue price and/or offer price of the Securities may include fees (e.g. 
subscription fees, placement fees, direction fees, structuring fees (normally paid by the Issuer to the 
relevant intermediaries)) and/or other additional costs. Any such fees and costs may not be taken into 
account for the purposes of determining the price of such Securities on the secondary market (which will 
also depend on the prevailing market conditions) and could result in a difference between the original 
issue price and/or offer price, the theoretical value of the Securities, and/or the actual bid/offer price 
quoted by any intermediary in the secondary market. Any such difference may have an adverse effect on 
the value of the Securities, particularly immediately following the offer and the issue date relating to 
such Securities, where any such fees and/or costs may be deducted from the price at which such Securities 
can be sold by the initial investor in the secondary market. 
Certain considerations associated with public offers of Securities 
If Securities are distributed by means of a public offer, under certain circumstances indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Issuer and/or other entities specified in the Final Terms may have the 
right to withdraw the offer, which in such circumstances will be deemed to be null and void according 
to the terms indicated in the relevant Final Terms and to cancel the issuance of the Securities. 
In such case, investors who have already paid or delivered subscription monies for the relevant Securities 
will be entitled to reimbursement of such amounts, but will not receive any compensation that may have 
accrued in the period between their payment or delivery of subscription monies and the reimbursement 
of such amounts. 
The Issuer and/or the other entities specified in the applicable Final Terms may also terminate the offer 
early by immediate suspension of the acceptance of further subscription requests and by giving notice to 
the public in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. Any such termination may occur even where 
the maximum amount for subscription in relation to that offer (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), 
has not been reached. In such circumstances, the early closing of the offer may have an impact on the 
aggregate number of Securities issued and, therefore, may have an adverse effect on the liquidity of the 
Securities. 
Furthermore, under certain circumstances indicated in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer and/or the 
other entities indicated in the applicable Final Terms will have the right to extend the offer period and/or 
to postpone the originally designated issue date, and related interest payment dates and the maturity date.

--- Page 66 ---
- 66 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
For the avoidance of doubt, this right applies also in the event that the Issuer publishes a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus in accordance with the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation. 
In case of overallotment of the Securities, the investors should consider that subscription applications 
validly submitted may not be satisfied. 
If indicated in the Final Terms, the Issuer will use the SeDeX for the distribution of the Securities 
according to the provisions of the rules governing SeDeX from time to time (the "SeDeX Rules"). In this 
case, Borsa Italiana shall verify the admission requirements of the Issuer and of the Securities and shall 
receive the request for admission to trading. Following this, Borsa Italiana shall admit the Securities to 
trading and commence trading of purchase and sales contracts on the market. At the end of the sale phase, 
if successful, and subject to compliance with the requirements laid down in the SeDeX Rules, the 
admission shall become final and Borsa Italiana shall establish the date for the start of trading on the 
SeDex. The circumstance that, pursuant to this distribution process, potential investors can monitor (via 
market operators) the progress of the proposed purchases of the Securities during the offer period, may 
have an impact on the progress and results of the offer. 
If the issue of the Securities does not take place because the admission requirements laid down in the 
SeDeX Rules are not satisfied, the admission decision shall cease to be effective and the contracts 
executed shall be considered as null and void. The contracts concluded during the distribution phase via 
electronic trading systems cannot be revoked unless otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms. 
Similar procedures might apply to other trading venues. 
The relevant Final Terms may also provide that the effectiveness of the offer of Securities is conditional 
upon admission to listing or to trading on the relevant regulated market and/or multilateral trading facility 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms, occurring by the Issue Date. In such case, in the event that 
admission to listing or trading of the Securities does not take place by the Issue Date for whatever reason, 
the Issuer may withdraw the offer, the offer will be deemed to be null and void and the relevant Securities 
will not be issued. As a consequence, the potential investor will not receive any Securities, any 
subscription rights the potential investor has for the Securities will be cancelled and he/she will not be 
entitled to any compensation therefor. 
Listing of Securities 
In respect of Securities which are (in accordance with the applicable Final Terms) to be listed on a 
regulated market and/or admitted to trading on a multilateral trading facility, the relevant Issuer shall use 
all reasonable endeavours to maintain such listing and/or multilateral trading facility, provided that if it 
becomes impracticable or unduly burdensome or unduly onerous to maintain such listing, then the 
relevant Issuer may apply to de-list the relevant Securities, although in this case it will use all reasonable 
endeavours to obtain and maintain (as soon as reasonably practicable after the relevant de-listing) an 
alternative admission to listing and/or trading within or outside the European Union, as it may decide. 
If such an alternative admission is not available or is, in the opinion of the relevant Issuer, impracticable 
or unduly burdensome, an alternative admission will not be obtained.

--- Page 67 ---
- 67 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Base 
Prospectus: 
 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements as at and for the years ended 30 June 2021 and 2020 
of Mediobanca; 
 
the audited non-consolidated annual financial statements as at and for the years ended 30 June 2021 and 
2020 of Mediobanca International;  
in the case of the above-mentioned financial statements, together with the accompanying notes and (where 
applicable) auditors' reports, save that any statement contained in this Base Prospectus or in any of the documents 
incorporated by reference in, and forming part of, this Base Prospectus shall be deemed to be modified or 
superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in any document 
subsequently incorporated by reference by way of supplement prepared in accordance with Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation modifies or supersedes such statement. Where only certain sections of a document referred 
to above are incorporated by reference to this Base Prospectus, the parts of the document which are not 
incorporated by reference are either not relevant for prospective investors or are covered elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus. 
The Issuers will provide, without charge to each person to whom a copy of this Base Prospectus has been 
delivered, upon the request of such person, a copy (by electronic means, unless such person requests hard copy) 
of any or all the documents deemed to be incorporated by reference herein unless such documents have been 
modified or superseded as specified above, in which case the modified or superseded version of such document 
will be provided. Request for such documents should be directed to the Issuers at their offices set out at the end 
of this Base Prospectus. In addition, such documents will be available, without charge, at the principal office of 
the Paying Agent in Luxembourg and on the Mediobanca's website at the following link 
(https://www.mediobanca.com/en/investor-relations/results-presentations/results.html) and on the Mediobanca 
International's website (https://www.mediobancaint.lu/en/investor-documentation.html). 
The following table shows where some of the information incorporated by reference can be found in the above-
mentioned documents. Information contained in those documents other than the information listed below does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus and is either not relevant or covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Cross-reference list in respect of the Mediobanca and Mediobanca International financial statements 
Mediobanca - Consolidated annual financial statements 
 
2021 
2020 
Balance sheet 
Pages 94-95 
Pages 96-97 
Statement of income 
Pages 96-97  
Pages 98-99  
Statement of changes in equity 
Pages 98-99  
Pages 100-101  
Cash flow statement 
 
Pages 100-101 
Pages 102-103 
Accounting policies and explanatory notes  
Pages 103-371 
Pages 104-357 
Audtiors’ reports 
Pages 80-91 
Pages 82-93 
 
Mediobanca International - Non-Consolidated annual financial statements 
 
2021 
2020 
Statement of financial position 
 
Pages 36-37 
Pages 36-37 
Statement of comprehensive income 
 
Pages 38 
Pages 38  
Statement of changes in equity 
 
Pages 39-40 
Pages 39-40  
Cash flow statement 
 
Page 41 
Page 41  
Accounting policies and explanatory notes  
Pages 43-150 
Pages 43-151 
Auditors’ reports  
Pages 29-34 
Pages 29-34

--- Page 68 ---
- 68 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2

--- Page 69 ---
- 69 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
SUPPLEMENTS AND FURTHER PROSPECTUSES 
The Issuers will prepare a replacement prospectus setting out the changes in the operations and financial 
conditions of the Issuer at least every year after the date of this Base Prospectus and each subsequent Base 
Prospectus. 
The Issuers have given an undertaking to the Dealers that if at any time during the duration of the Programme 
there is a significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of the Securities, they shall prepare a supplement to this 
Base Prospectus or publish a replacement Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering of 
the Securities and shall supply to each Dealer a number of copies of such supplement as a Dealer may reasonably 
request. 
In addition, the Issuers and the Guarantor may agree with any Dealer to issue Securities in a form not contemplated 
in the sections of this Base Prospectus entitled "Form of Final Terms". To the extent that the information relating 
to that Tranche of Securities constitutes a significant new factor in relation to the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus, a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (a "Drawdown Prospectus") will be made 
available and will contain such information. Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted either (1) by a single 
document containing the necessary information relating to the relevant Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor 
and the relevant Securities or (2) pursuant to Article 6.3 of the Prospectus Regulation, by a registration document 
containing the necessary information relating to the relevant Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor, a securities 
note containing the necessary information relating to the relevant Securities and, if necessary, a summary note. In 
the case of a Tranche of Securities which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, references in this Base 
Prospectus to information specified or identified in the Final Terms shall (unless the context requires otherwise) 
be read and construed as information specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus.

--- Page 70 ---
- 70 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
FORMS OF THE SECURITIES 
Form 
Each Series of Securities will on issue be constituted by either (a) in the case of Securities with a maturity of more 
than one year, a temporary global security in bearer form (the "Temporary Global Security") or (b) in the case 
of Securities with a maturity of one year or less, a permanent global security in bearer form (the "Permanent 
Global Security" and together with the Temporary Global Security, the "Global Securities" and each a "Global 
Security") as indicated in the applicable Final Terms which, in either case, will be deposited with a depositary or 
a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system 
and/or deposited directly with Monte Titoli S.p.A. and/or any other centralised custodian appointed by the Issuers 
(a "Centralised Custodian"). 
The relevant Final Terms will specify whether United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the 
"TEFRA C Rules") or United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "TEFRA D Rules") are 
applicable in relation to the Securities or, if the Securities do not have a term of more than 365 days, that neither 
the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable. 
On or after the 40th day following the Issue Date of the Securities (the "Exchange Date") the Temporary Global 
Security will be exchangeable (a) for a Permanent Global Security or (b) for Securities in definitive form 
("Definitive Securities"), as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and in each case only to the extent that 
certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in such Security are not 
United States persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any United States person, as required by U.S. 
Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certification received) to the 
Fiscal Agent. 
A Permanent Global Security will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for Definitive 
Securities only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, "Exchange Event" means that: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business, or 
(ii) 
the relevant Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered 
were the Securities represented by the Permanent Global Security in definitive form. 
The Issuer will promptly give notice to Securityholders in accordance with Condition 8 (Notices) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Securities if an Exchange Event occurs. No Definitive Security delivered in exchange for a 
Temporary Global Security or a Permanent Global Security, as the case may be, will be mailed or otherwise 
delivered to any location in the United States or its possessions. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Securities 
The applicable Final Terms for the Securities will be attached to or incorporated by reference into the Global 
Security and completes the Terms and Conditions of the Securities. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
The following legend will appear on all Securities with a maturity of more than 365 days: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income 
tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code." 
Dematerialised form 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of the Securities as being "Dematerialised form", then the Securities 
will not be represented by paper certificates and the transfer and exchange of Securities will take place exclusively 
through an electronic book-entry system managed by Monte Titoli S.p.A. or any other Centralised Custodian 
appointed by the Issuers. Accordingly, all Securities shall be held by their owners with an intermediary participant

--- Page 71 ---
- 71 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
in the relevant Centralised Custodian. The intermediary will in turn hold the Securities with the Centralised 
Custodian. 
To transfer an interest in the Securities, the transferor and the transferee are required to give instructions to their 
respective intermediaries. If the transferee is a client of the transferor's intermediary, the intermediary will simply 
transfer the Securities from the Transferor's account to the account of the transferee. If, however, the transferee is 
a client of another intermediary, the transferor's intermediary will instruct the centralised clearing system to 
transfer the Securities to the account of the transferee's intermediary, which will then register the Securities on the 
transferee's account. 
Each intermediary maintains a custody account for each of its clients. This account sets out the financial 
instruments of each client and the records of all transfers, interest payments, charges or other encumbrances on 
such instruments. The account holder or any other eligible party may submit a request to the intermediary for the 
issue of a certified account statement. 
In such circumstances, it will not be possible for a Securityholder to obtain physical delivery of Securities 
certificates representing the Securities.

--- Page 72 ---
- 72 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
The following is the text of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities which will include the additional terms and 
conditions contained in Annex 1 (Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulas) in relation to the 
formulas for Securities, the additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 2 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Index Securities) in the case of Index Securities, the additional terms and conditions contained in 
Annex 3 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Securities) in the case of Share Securities, the additional 
terms and conditions contained in Annex 4 (Additional Terms and Conditions for ETI Securities) in the case of 
ETI Securities, the additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 5 (Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Debt Securities) in the case of Debt Securities, the additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 7 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation Index Securities) in the case of Inflation Index Securities, the 
additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 8 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Currency Securities) 
in the case of Currency Securities, the additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 9 (Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Fund Securities) in the case of Fund Securities, the additional terms and conditions contained 
in Annex 10 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Futures Securities) in the case of Futures Securities, the 
additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 11 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Underlying Interest 
Rate Securities) in the case of Underlying Interest Rate Securities, the additional terms and conditions contained 
in Annex 13 in the case of OET Warrants (Additional Terms and Conditions for OET Warrants) (each, an "Annex" 
and, together the "Annexes") (the "Security Conditions") which will be incorporated by reference into each 
Global Security or, in the case of Dematerialised Securities (as defined below), will apply to such Securities. In 
the case of Securities (other than Dematerialised Securities), the applicable Final Terms (or the relevant 
provisions thereof) will be attached to each Global Security. 
For the purposes of Securities which are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European 
Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to 
be published under the Prospectus Regulation ("Exempt Securities"), references in these Terms and Conditions 
to "Final Terms" shall be deemed to be references to "Pricing Supplement". The expression "Prospectus 
Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. ("Mediobanca") and Mediobanca International (Luxembourg) 
S.A. ("Mediobanca International") (each, an "Issuer" and, together, the "Issuers") have established an Issuance 
Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of warrants ("Warrants" or "Securities"), guaranteed by 
Mediobanca (in its capacity as guarantor, the "Guarantor") in respect of Securities issued by Mediobanca 
International. 
The Securities are issued pursuant to an amended and restated Issue and Paying Agency Agreement dated 3 
December 2021, as amended or supplemented from time to time, (the "Issue and Paying Agency Agreement") 
between the Issuers, the Guarantor, BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch, as fiscal agent and 
principal paying agent (the "Fiscal Agent") and Mediobanca in its capacity as Italian paying agent (the "Italian 
Paying Agent" and together with the Fiscal Agent and any additional or other paying agents in respect of the 
Securities from time to time appointed, the "Paying Agents") and with the benefit of deeds of covenant dated 3 
December 2021 (each, a "Deed of Covenant" and, together, the "Deeds of Covenant"), each of them executed 
by the relevant Issuer in respect of Securities issued by such Issuer. The Guarantor has, for the benefit of the 
holders of Securities issued by Mediobanca International from time to time, executed and delivered a deed of 
guarantee (the "Deed of Guarantee") dated 3 December 2021 under which it has guaranteed, in accordance with 
the terms and subject to limitations of the Deed of Guarantee, the due and punctual payment of the amounts due 
and the performance of any non-cash delivery obligations by Mediobanca International under the Securities and 
the Deed of Covenant as and when the same shall become due and payable or deliverable, as the case may be (the 
"Guarantee of the Securities"). 
The Securityholders (as defined in Security Condition 1.2 (Title to Securities)) are entitled to the benefit of and 
are deemed to have notice of all of, and are bound by the provisions of, the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement 
and the applicable Final Terms, applicable to them. 
Securities issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and each Series may comprise one 
or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Securities. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche 
of Securities are these Conditions, as completed by the relevant Final Terms (the "Final Terms"). In the event of 
any inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Securities" are to the Securities which are the subject of the 
relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available during normal business hours at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent, the initial specified office of which is set out below, save that if the Securities

--- Page 73 ---
- 73 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
are unlisted, the applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable by a Securityholder and such Securityholder must 
produce evidence satisfactory to the relevant Fiscal Agent as to identity. Certain provisions of these Conditions 
are summaries of the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement and are subject to their detailed provisions. 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Securities will specify whether the relevant Issuer is 
Mediobanca or Mediobanca International. In these Conditions of the Securities, any reference to a statute or 
regulation shall be construed as a reference to such statute or regulation as the same may have been, or may from 
time to time be, amended or re-enacted. 
Copies of the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement, the Deeds of Covenant, the Deed of Guarantee and the 
Programme Manual (being a manual signed for the purposes of identification by the Issuers and the Fiscal Agent, 
containing suggested forms and operating procedures for the Programme, including the forms of the Notes in 
global and definitive form) are available for inspection at the specified office of the Paying Agent. 
Securities issued under the Programme will be in the form of Warrants and references in these Conditions to 
"Security" and "Securities" will be construed accordingly. References herein to the applicable Final Terms are 
to Part A of the Final Terms or each Final Terms (in the case of any further securities issued pursuant to Security 
Condition 10 (Further Issues) and forming a single series with the Securities) (which for the avoidance of doubt 
may be issued in respect of more than one series of Securities) attached to the global security in bearer form 
representing the Securities (the "Global Security") or, in the case of Dematerialised Securities, will applying to 
such Securities, insofar as it relates to the Securities. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any reference in the Conditions to a level, value, price, percentage, number, amount 
or date to be indicated in the relevant Final Terms, should be interpreted as reference to one or more of such levels, 
values, prices, percentages, numbers, amounts or dates, based on what will be indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
1. 
TYPE, TITLE AND TRANSFER 
1.1 
Type 
The Securities relate to (i) a specified index or basket of indices or futures or options contracts related to 
a specified index or basket of indices ("Index Securities"), (ii) a specified share or basket of shares, or 
a specified depositary receipt (a "GDR/ADR") referencing a share (an "Underlying Share") or basket 
of GDRs and/or ADRs ("Share Securities"), (iii) a specified interest in an exchange traded fund, an 
exchange traded note, an exchange traded commodity or any other exchange traded product (each an 
"exchange traded instrument") or basket of interests in exchange traded instruments ("ETI 
Securities"), (iv) a specified debt instrument or basket of debt instruments or futures or options contracts 
related to a specified debt instrument or basket of debt instruments (synthetic or otherwise) ("Debt 
Securities"), (v) a specified inflation index or basket of inflation indices ("Inflation Index Securities"), 
(vi) a specified currency or basket of currencies or futures or options contracts related to a specified 
currency or basket of currencies ("Currency Securities"), (vii) a specified fund share or unit or basket 
of fund shares or units ("Fund Securities"), (viii) a specified futures contract or basket of futures 
contract(s) ("Futures Securities"), (ix) a specified underlying interest rate or basket of underlying 
interest rates ("Underlying Interest Rate Securities"), (x) and/or any combination of such indices, 
shares, interests in exchange traded instruments, debt instruments, inflation indices, currencies, fund 
shares or units, futures contract(s), underlying interest rate(s) and other asset classes or types ("Hybrid 
Securities"). 
If the Securities are Hybrid Securities and Hybrid Securities is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the terms and conditions of the Securities will be construed on the basis that in respect of 
each separate type of underlying reference asset or basis, the relevant terms applicable to each such 
separate type of underlying reference asset or basis will apply, as the context admits, separately and 
independently in respect of the relevant type of underlying reference asset or basis, except as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate: 
(i) 
whether settlement shall be by way of cash payment ("Cash Settled Securities") or physical 
delivery ("Physical Delivery Securities");

--- Page 74 ---
- 74 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
(ii) 
whether Averaging ("Averaging") will apply to the Securities; and 
(iii) 
if Averaging is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Averaging 
Dates and, if an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day as defined in Security Condition 3 below 
(Definitions), whether Omission, Postponement or Modified Postponement (each as defined in 
Security Condition 3 (Definitions)) applies. 
References in these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, to Cash Settled Securities shall be 
deemed to include references to Physical Delivery Securities, which include an option (as set out in the 
applicable Final Terms) at the relevant Issuer's election to request cash settlement of such Security and 
where settlement is to be by way of cash payment. References in the Conditions, unless the context 
otherwise requires, to Physical Delivery Securities shall be deemed to include references to Cash Settled 
Securities which include an option (as set out in the applicable Final Terms) at the relevant Issuer's 
election to request physical delivery of the relevant underlying asset in settlement of such Security and 
where settlement is to be by way of physical delivery. 
1.2 
Title to Securities 
In the case of Securities represented by a Global Security held by a common depository on behalf of a 
relevant Clearing System, each person who is for the time being shown in the records of the relevant 
Clearing System(s) as the holder of a particular number of Securities (in which regard any certificate or 
other document issued by the relevant Clearing System(s) as to the number of Securities standing to the 
account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) 
shall be treated by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, if any, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent 
and all other persons dealing with such person as the holder of such number of Securities for all purposes 
(and the expressions "Securityholder", "Warrantholder" and "holder of Securities" and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly). 
In the case of Dematerialised Securities, the person who is for the time being shown in the records of the 
relevant Clearing System(s) as the holder of a particular amount of Securities (in which regard any 
certificate, record or other document issued by the relevant Clearing System(s) as to the amount of 
Securities standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in 
the case of manifest error) shall (except as otherwise required by applicable law) be treated for all 
purposes by the Issuer, the Guarantor, if any, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent and all other 
persons dealing with such person as the holder thereof and as the holder of such number of Securities for 
all purposes (and the expressions "Securityholder", "Warrantholder" and "holder of Securities" and 
related expressions shall be construed accordingly, except where the Securities are Italian Dematerialised 
Securities, in which case "Securityholder", "Warrantholder" and "holder of Securities" will be 
exclusively deemed to be the beneficial owner of the Securities). The Issuer shall cause Italian 
Dematerialised Securities to be dematerialised and centralised with Monte Titoli S.p.A., pursuant to 
Italian legislative decree no. 58/1998 as amended and integrated by subsequent implementing provisions. 
1.3 
Transfers of Securities 
For so long as the Securities are represented by Securities in definitive form ("Definitive Securities"), 
title to the Securities will pass by delivery. 
For so long as the Securities are represented by a Global Security, all transactions (including transfers of 
Securities) in the open market or otherwise must be effected through an account at the relevant Clearing 
System(s), subject to and in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of the relevant 
Clearing System(s). Title will pass upon registration of the transfer in the books of the relevant Clearing 
System(s). 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Securities will be held in dematerialised form 
("Dematerialised Securities"), then the Securities will not be represented by paper certificates and the 
transfer and exchange of Securities will take place exclusively through an electronic book-entry system 
managed by Monte Titoli S.p.A. or any other centralised custodian appointed by the Issuers (the 
"Centralised Custodian"). Accordingly, all Securities in dematerialised form shall be held by their 
owners with an intermediary participant the relevant Centralised Custodian. The intermediary will in turn 
hold the Securities with the Centralised Custodian.

--- Page 75 ---
- 75 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
Any reference herein to a Clearing System(s), Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Monte 
Titoli S.p.A. shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional 
or alternative clearing system approved by the relevant Issuer and the Fiscal Agent from time to time and 
notified to the Securityholders in accordance with Security Condition 8 (Notices). 
Any transfer or attempted transfer within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a United 
States person shall be null and void ab initio and shall vest no rights in the purported transferee (the 
"Disqualified Transferee") and the last preceding holder that was not a Disqualified Transferee shall be 
restored to all rights as a Securityholder thereof retroactively to the date of transfer of such interest by 
the relevant Securityholder. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE SECURITIES AND THE GUARANTEE 
2.1 
Status of the Securities 
The Securities constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the relevant 
Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred 
by law and subject to any Italian Bail-in Power, with reference to Securities issued by Mediobanca, and 
any Luxembourg Bail-in Power, with reference to Securities issued by Mediobanca International) equally 
with all other unsecured obligations other than subordinated obligations), if any, of the relevant Issuer 
from time to time outstanding. 
2.2 
Status of Guarantee 
The Guarantee of the Securities constitutes direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Guarantor pursuant to the terms and conditions and subject to the limitations set out in 
the Deed of Guarantee which will rank at all times at least pari passu without any preference among 
themselves and equally with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Guarantor, save for certain mandatory exceptions of applicable law and subject to any Italian Bail-in 
Power. 
As more fully set forth in the Guarantee, the Guarantor shall at all times have the right, at its sole and 
unfettered discretion, to elect not to deliver or procure delivery of the Entitlement to the holders of 
Physical Delivery Securities when the same shall become due and deliverable, but in lieu thereof to pay 
an amount in cash determined by the Guarantor acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner equal to the Guaranteed Cash Settlement Amount. The "Guaranteed Cash Settlement 
Amount" in respect of each Security means an amount calculated pursuant to the terms of, or as specified 
in, the applicable Final Terms or, if not specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount equal to the 
fair market value of the Entitlement in respect of such Security on any date notified as such by the 
Guarantor to the relevant Issuer and the Calculation Agent, less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as 
not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the relevant Issuer and/or its Affiliates or agents 
of unwinding or adjusting any underlying or related hedging arrangements (including the cost of funding 
in respect of such hedging arrangements), all as determined by the Guarantor acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner. 
Any payment of the Guaranteed Cash Settlement Amount, in lieu of the Entitlement shall constitute a 
complete discharge of the Guarantor's obligations in respect of such Physical Delivery Securities. 
3. 
DEFINITIONS 
For the purposes of these Security Conditions, the following general definitions will apply: 
"Actual Exercise Date" means the Exercise Date (in the case of European Style Warrants) or, subject to 
Condition 18, the date during the Exercise Period (in the case of American Style Warrants) on which the 
Warrant is actually or is deemed exercised or is automatically exercised (as more fully set out in 
Condition 18); 
"Additional Disruption Event" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Adjustment Date" is as defined in Security Condition 15(b);

--- Page 76 ---
- 76 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions);  
"AES Range Level" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(c); 
"AES Range Level 1" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(c); 
"AES Range Level 2" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(c); 
"Affected Component Security" is as defined in this Security Condition 3 (Definitions) under the 
definition of Strike Date and the definition of Valuation Date; 
"Affected Item" is as defined in this Security Condition 3 (Definitions) under the definition of Averaging 
Date, Strike Date, Valuation Date; 
"Affected Relevant Assets" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Affected Share" is as defined in Security Condition 13.2(c) and Share Security Condition 5.2(e); 
"Affiliate" means in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, 
by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity directly or 
indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes control means ownership of a 
majority of the voting power of an entity; 
"Alternate Cash Amount" is as defined in Security Condition 4.5 (Issuer's Option to Substitute Assets 
or to pay the Alternate Cash Amount); 
"Alternative Currency" is the currency alternative to the Base Currency, indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Annex" is as defined in the first paragraph of these Security Conditions; 
"Applicable Banking Regulations" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Automatic Early Expiration Amount" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(c) and in OET Warrant 
Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Automatic Early Expiration Event" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(c) and in OET Warrant 
Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Automatic Early Expiration Date" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(c) and in OET Warrant 
Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Automatic Early Expiration Level" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(c); 
"Automatic Early Expiration Payout" is as defined in Formulas Condition 2.1 (Automatic Early 
Expiration Payouts Formulas); 
"Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(c) and in OET 
Warrant Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Averaging" is as defined in Security Condition 1.1(ii) (Type); 
"Averaging Date" means, in respect of an Actual Exercise Date: 
(a) 
in the case of Index Securities, Share Securities, ETI Securities, Debt Securities or Futures 
Securities, each date specified as an Averaging Date in the applicable Final Terms or, if any 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day 
unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such 
day is a Disrupted Day, then:

--- Page 77 ---
- 77 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
(i) 
if "Omission" is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, then such date 
will be deemed not to be an Averaging Date for the purposes of determining the 
relevant value, level, price or amount provided that, if through the operation of this 
provision no Averaging Date would occur in respect of such Actual Exercise Date, 
then the provisions of the definition of "Valuation Date" will apply for the purposes of 
determining the relevant value, level, price or amount on the final Averaging Date with 
respect of such Actual Exercise Date as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation Date 
that was a Disrupted Day; or 
(ii) 
if "Postponement" is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, then the 
provisions of the definition of "Valuation Date" will apply for the purposes of 
determining the relevant value, level, price or amount on that Averaging Date as if 
such Averaging Date were a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day irrespective of 
whether, pursuant to such determination, that deferred Averaging Date would fall on a 
day that already is or is deemed to be an Averaging Date; or 
(iii) 
if "Modified Postponement" is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, 
then: 
(A) 
where the Securities are Index Securities relating to a single Index (other than 
a Component Security Index), Share Securities relating to a single Share, ETI 
Securities relating to a single ETI Interest or Futures Securities relating to a 
single Future, the Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding Valid Date (as 
defined below). If the first succeeding Valid Date has not occurred for a 
number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the original date that, 
but for the occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would 
have been the final Averaging Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date, 
then (I) that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be 
the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether that last consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day is already an Averaging Date), and (II) the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the relevant value, level, price or amount for that Averaging 
Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (a)(i) of the definition of "Valuation 
Date" below; and 
(B) 
where the Securities are Index Securities relating to a single Component 
Security Index, the Calculation Agent shall determine the level of the 
Component Security Index for the Averaging Date in accordance with sub-
paragraph (a)(ii) of the definition of "Valuation Date" below and the 
Averaging Date shall be deemed to be the earliest date on which the 
Calculation Agent determines the relevant level of the Component Security 
Index in accordance with the provisions of sub-paragraph (a)(ii) of the 
definition of "Valuation Date" below; 
(C) 
where the Securities are Index Securities relating to a Basket of Indices (other 
than a Basket of Component Security Indices), Share Securities relating to a 
Basket of Shares, ETI Securities relating to an ETI Basket or Futures 
Securities relating to a Basket of Futures, the Averaging Date for each Index, 
Share, ETI Interest or Future not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted 
Day shall be the originally designated Averaging Date (the "Scheduled 
Averaging Date") and the Averaging Date for each Index, Share, ETI Interest 
or Future affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first 
succeeding Valid Date (as defined below) in relation to such Index, Share, 
ETI Interest or Future. If the first succeeding Valid Date in relation to such 
Index, Share, ETI Interest or Future has not occurred for a number of 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption immediately following the original date that, but for the 
occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been 
the final Averaging Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date, then (I) the 
last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed the Averaging 
Date (irrespective of whether such last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day is

--- Page 78 ---
- 78 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
already an Averaging Date) in respect of such Index, Share, ETI Interest or 
Future, and (II) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant vale, level, 
price, or amount for that Averaging Date in accordance with sub-paragraph 
(a)(iii) of the definition of "Valuation Date" below; and 
(D) 
where the Warrants are Index Securities relating to a Basket of Component 
Security Indices, the Averaging Date for each Component Security Index not 
affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled 
Averaging Date, and for each Component Security Index affected (an 
"Affected Item") by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the level of the Component Security Index in 
accordance with the provisions of sub-paragraph (a)(iv) of the definition of 
"Valuation Date" below and the Averaging Date shall be deemed to be the 
earliest date on which the Calculation Agent determines the level of the 
Component Security Index in accordance with the provisions of sub-
paragraph (a)(iv) of the definition of "Valuation Date" below;  
(b) 
in the case of Open End Warrants, the date designated as such by the Issuer, provided that such 
date is determined by the Issuer and notified to the Securityholders in accordance with Security 
Condition 8 (Notices) at the latest on the tenth (10th) Business Day preceding the contemplated 
Averaging Date; 
"Base Currency" is the currency specified as such in the Final Terms; 
"Basket" means in respect of any Underlying Reference constituted by more than one item, the basket 
composed of such items in the relative proportions and/or numbers specified in the Final Terms; 
"Basket of Underlying References" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(c); 
"Benchmark" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"BMR" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"BRRD" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Business Day" means (i) a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealings in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the relevant Business Day Centre(s) and on which 
the relevant Clearing System(s) is open for business, (ii) if TARGET2 System is specified as a Business 
Day Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time 
Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (the "TARGET2 System") is open (a 
"TARGET2 Settlement Day") and (iii) for the purposes of making payments in euro, any TARGET2 
Settlement Day. If any date referred to in these Conditions which is specified to be subject to adjustment 
in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (i) the Following Business Day Convention, such 
date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day, (ii) the Modified Following Business 
Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day, (iii) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (iv) the Modified Preceding Business 
Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day unless 
it would thereby fall into the previous calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately following Business Day; 
"Calculated Additional Disruption Amount" is as defined in Security Condition 13.2(b)(ii); 
"Calculated Additional Disruption Amount Determination Date" is as defined in Security Condition 
13.2(b)(ii);

--- Page 79 ---
- 79 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"Calculation Agent" means Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. or the different entity 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Cash Settlement Amount" means, in relation to a Cash Settled Security, the amount (which may never 
be less than zero)which the Securityholder is entitled to receive on the Settlement Date in the Settlement 
Currency in relation to each such Security or, if Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
Unit, as the case may be, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms or determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the Final Payouts included in Annex 1 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Formulas), provided in each case that the Cash Settlement Amount will not be 
greater than the Maximum Amount (if any) and will not be less than the Minimum Amount (if any), as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Cash Settlement Amount shall be rounded to the nearest sub-
unit of the relevant Settlement Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise 
in accordance with applicable market convention, provided that if Rounding Convention 2 is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Cash Settlement Amount shall not be subject to rounding 
but Securities of the same Series held by the same Securityholder will be aggregated for the purpose of 
determining the aggregate Cash Settlement Amount in respect of such Securities and such aggregate of 
Cash Settlement Amounts will be rounded down to the nearest whole sub-unit of the Settlement Currency 
in such manner as the Calculation Agent shall determine, provided that if the Final Payout is zero, no 
amount shall be payable in respect of the relevant Warrant (and such Warrant shall expire worthless).  
If the Cash Settlement Amount is not an amount in the Settlement Currency, if specified in the applicable 
Final Terms it will be converted into the Settlement Currency at the Exchange Rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Change in Law" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Clearing System" shall mean Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Monte Titoli S.p.A. 
or such other clearing system or Centralised Custodian as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Component" means in respect of any Underlying Reference constituted by a Basket, each component 
comprised in such Basket; 
"CRD IV" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"CRD IV Directive" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"CRD IV Implementing Measure" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"CRR" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Currency Event" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Currency Securities" is as defined in Security Condition 1.1 (Type); 
"Day Count Fraction" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(c) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(kkk); 
"Debt Instruments" and "Debt Instrument" mean, subject to adjustment in accordance with Annex 5 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Debt Securities), in the case of an issue of Securities relating to a 
Basket of Debt Instruments, each debt instrument and, in the case of an issue of Securities relating to a 
single Debt Instrument, the debt instrument, specified in the applicable Final Terms and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly; 
"Debt Securities" is as defined in Security Condition 1.1 (Type); 
"Disqualified Transferee" is as defined in Security Condition 1.3 (Transfers of Securities); 
"Disrupted Amount" is as defined in Security Condition 4.6(v);

--- Page 80 ---
- 80 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"Disrupted Day" is as defined in Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions), in Share Security Condition 
1 (Definitions), in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions) in Debt Security Condition 11 (Definitions), in 
Currency Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and in Futures Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Disrupted Settlement Date" is as defined in Security Condition 4.6(v); 
"Early Expiration Entitlement" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(c); 
"Early Closure" is as defined in Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions), Share Security Condition 1 
(Definitions), ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and Futures Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Entitlement" means, in relation to a Physical Delivery Security or, if Units are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, and an Underlying Reference or, as the case may 
be, a Component, the quantity of the Relevant Asset or the Relevant Assets, as the case may be, which a 
Securityholder is entitled to receive on the Settlement Date in respect of each such Security following 
payment of the Exercise Price (any other sums payable) and Expenses rounded down as provided in 
Security Condition 18.3 (Physical Settlement), as determined by the Calculation Agent including any 
documents evidencing such Entitlement which amount will be the Entitlement Amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Entitlement Amount" means, in relation to a Physical Delivery Security, the amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following: 
(a) 
If MFP Entitlement Amounts is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
amount determined in accordance with the Entitlement Amount Formulas set out in Annex 1 
(Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulas); 
(b) 
Otherwise: 
(i) 
the Entitlement Units; multiplied by 
(ii) 
the Entitlement Multiplier; multiplied by 
(iii) 
in respect of any Underlying Reference constituted by a Basket, the relevant Weighting; 
"Entitlement Units" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Entitlement Multiplier" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Established Rate" is as defined in Security Condition 15(b); 
"ETI OET Warrant" means an ETI Security that is an OET Warrant; 
"ETI Securities" is as defined in Security Condition 1.1 (Type); 
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank SA/NV; 
"Euronext Dublin" means the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin; 
"Exchange Disruption" is as defined in Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions), in Share Security 
Condition 1 (Definitions), ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and Futures Security Condition 1 
(Definitions); 
"Exchange Rate" means the applicable rate of exchange indicate in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Exercise Business Day" means: 
(a) 
in the case of Cash Settled Securities, a day that is a Business Day; and

--- Page 81 ---
- 81 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
(b) 
in the case of Physical Delivery Securities, a day that is a Business Day and a Scheduled Trading 
Day; 
"Exercise Date" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Exercise Period" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Exercise Price" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Expenses" is as defined in Security Condition 9(a); 
"Expiration Date" means the last day of the Exercise Period; 
"Extraordinary External Event" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity" is as defined in Security Condition 4.2(Failure to Deliver due to 
Illiquidity) and Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Failure to Deliver Settlement Price" is as defined in Security Condition 13.2; 
"Final Payout" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (Final Payouts Formulas); 
"First Settlement Currency" is the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fund Business Day" is as defined in Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Fund Securities" is as defined in Security Condition 1.1 (Type); 
"Future" is as defined in Futures Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Futures Securities" is as defined in Security Condition 1.1 (Type); 
"Index" is as defined in Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"FX Settlement Disruption Currency" is as defined in Security Condition 4.6(v); 
"FX Settlement Disruption Cut-off Date" is as defined in Security Condition 4.6(ii)(A); 
"FX Settlement Disruption Event" is as defined in Security Condition 4.6(v); 
"FX Settlement Disruption Exchange Rate" is as defined in Security Condition 4.6(v) 
"FX Settlement Disruption Expenses" is as defined in Security Condition 4.6(v); 
"FX Settlement Disruption Notice" is as defined in Security Condition 4.6(i); 
"GDR/ADR" is as defined in Security Condition 1.1 (Type) and Share Security Condition 9 (Definitions 
relating to GDR/ADR); 
"Government Authority" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Guaranteed Cash Settlement Amount" is as defined in Security Condition 2.2 (Status of Guarantee); 
"Hedge" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1; 
"Hedging Disruption" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Hedging Shares" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions) and ETI Security Condition 1 
(Definitions);

--- Page 82 ---
- 82 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"Hybrid Business Day" has the meaning given to such term in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Hybrid Securities" is as defined in Security Condition 1.1 (Type); 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Increased Cost of Stock Borrow" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Index Securities" is as defined in Security Condition 1.1 (Type); 
"Inflation Index Securities" is as defined in Security Condition 1.1 (Type); 
"Initial Stock Loan Rate" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Insolvency Filing" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Intervening Period" is as defined in Security Condition 4.4 (Intervening Period); 
"Issue Date" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Issue Price" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Italian Bail-in Power" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Italian Dematerialised Securities" means Securities issued in uncertificated and dematerialised form 
into Monte Titoli pursuant to Italian legislative Decree No. 58/1998 as amended and integrated by 
subsequent implementing provisions; 
"Italian Listed Securities" means Securities in respect of which the applicable Final Terms state that an 
application will be made or has been made to admit such Securities to trading on the Italian Stock 
Exchange or the Multilateral Trading Facility (the "EuroTLX"), organised and managed by Borsa 
Italiana S.p.A., as the case may be, and the expression "Italian Listed Warrants" shall be construed 
accordingly; 
"Italian Stock Exchange" means the Multilateral Trading Facility of securitised derivatives financial 
instruments (the "SeDeX"), organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.; 
"Jurisdiction Event" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Knock-in Determination Day" is as defined in Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-
in Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-in Determination Period" is as defined in Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to 
Knock-in Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-in Event" is as defined in Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in 
Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-in Level" is as defined in Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in 
Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-in Period Beginning Date" is as defined in Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to 
Knock-in Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-in Period Ending Date" is as defined in Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-
in Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-in Range Level" is as defined in Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in 
Event/Knock-out Event);

--- Page 83 ---
- 83 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"Knock-in Valuation Time" is as defined in Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in 
Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-out Determination Day" is as defined in Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to 
Knock-in Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-out Determination Period" is as defined in Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to 
Knock-in Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-out Event" is as defined in Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in 
Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-out Level" is as defined in Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in 
Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-out Period Beginning Date" is as defined in Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to 
Knock-in Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-out Period Ending Date" is as defined in Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to 
Knock-in Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-out Range Level" is as defined in Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in 
Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-out Valuation Time" is as defined in Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-
in Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Level" is as defined in Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in Event/Knock-out 
Event); 
"Local Currency" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Local Time" means local time in the city of the relevant Clearing System; 
"Loss of Stock Borrow" is as defined in Security Condition 13 (Additional Disruption Events And 
Optional Additional Disruption Events) and ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Luxembourg Bail-in Power" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Market Disruption Event" is as defined in Index Security Condition 2 (Market Disruption), in Share 
Security Condition 2 (Market Disruption), ETI Security Condition 2 (Market Disruption), Debt Security 
Condition 3 (Market Disruption) and Futures Security Condition 2 (Market Disruption); 
"Maximum Amount" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Minimum Amount" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Maximum Stock Loan Rate" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions) and ETI Security 
Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Monte Titoli Accountholder" means any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold 
accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli which has credited to its securities account with 
Monte Titoli one or more entries in respect of the Securities held in book-entry form (except for Monte 
Titoli in its capacity as an accountholder of another Clearing System); 
"National Currency Unit" is as defined in Security Condition 15(b); 
"Non-Approval Event" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Observation Date" means:

--- Page 84 ---
- 84 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
(a) 
in the case of Securities (other than Open End Warrants), each date specified as an Observation 
Date in the applicable Final Terms or if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day (in the 
case of Index Securities, Share Securities, ETI Securities, Debt Securities or Futures Securities), 
the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day. The provisions contained in the definition 
of "Averaging Date" shall apply if any such day is a Disrupted Day, mutatis mutandis as if 
references in such provisions to "Averaging Date" were to "Observation Date" unless 
Observation Day Disruption Consequences is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, in which case such date will be an Observation Date notwithstanding the occurrence of 
a Disrupted Day and in the case of Index Securities, Share Securities, ETI Securities, Debt 
Securities or Futures Securities, the provisions of (a)(i)(B), (a)(ii), (a)(iii)(B) or (a)(iv), as 
applicable, of the definition of "Valuation Date" will apply for the purposes of determining the 
relevant value, level, price or amount on such Observation Date as if such Observation Date 
were a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day;  
(b) 
in the case of Open End Warrants, the date designated as such by the Issuer, provided that such 
date is determined by the Issuer and notified to the Securityholders in accordance with Security 
Condition 8 (Notices) at the latest on the tenth (10th) Business Day preceding the contemplated 
Observation Date; 
"Observation Period" means the period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Open End Warrant" means a Warrant in respect of which "Open End" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms and which may be settled on a date determined by the Issuer, subject to the other 
provisions of these Conditions; 
"Optional Additional Disruption Event" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Original Currency" is as defined in Security Condition 15(a)(ii); 
"Protected Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reference Banks" means the four (or, if the Relevant Financial Centre is Helsinki, five) major banks 
selected by Issuer; 
"Reference Rate Determination Agent" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(d)(iii); 
"Reference Rate Fallback Event" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(d)(iii); 
"Rejection Event" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Relevant Adjustment Provisions" is as defined in Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to 
Knock-in Event/Knock-out Event) Security Condition 19.9 (Automatic Early Expiration) and Security 
Condition 19.9(c); 
"Relevant Asset" means the asset or assets specified in the Final Terms that constitute the Entitlement; 
"Relevant Authority" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Relevant Currency" is as defined in Security Condition 4.6(v); 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange on such 
Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading 
session hours subject to the definition of Valuation Time; 
"Scheduled Trading Day" is as defined in Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions), in Share Security 
Condition 1 (Definitions), in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions), in Currency Security Condition 1 
(Definitions), in Futures Security Condition 1 (Definitions), in Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions) 
and in Debt Security Condition 11 (Definitions).

--- Page 85 ---
- 85 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a 
Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date; 
"Second Settlement Currency" is the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 
"Settlement Business Day" has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Settlement Date" means, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
in relation to Cash Settled Securities and to each Actual Exercise Date: 
(i) 
where Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the nth Business Day 
following the Valuation Date indicated in the applicable Final Terms provided that if 
the Securities relate to a Basket and the occurrence of a Disrupted Day has resulted in 
a Valuation Date for one or more Components being adjusted as set out in the definition 
of Valuation Date below, the Settlement Date shall be the fifth Business Day next 
following the last occurring Valuation Date in relation to any Component; or 
(ii) 
where Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the fifth Business Day 
following the last occurring Averaging Date provided that where the Securities relate 
to a Basket and the occurrence of a Disrupted Day has resulted in an Averaging Date 
for one or more Components being adjusted as set out in the definition of Averaging 
Date above, the Settlement Date shall be the fifth Business Day next following the last 
occurring Averaging Date in relation to any Component, or such other date as is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
in relation to Physical Delivery Securities, the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Settlement Disruption Event" is as defined in Security Condition 4.1 (Settlement Disruption); 
"Settlement Disruption Amount" is as defined in Security Condition 4.1 (Settlement Disruption); 
"Settlement Valuation Date" has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Share Securities" is as defined in Security Condition 1.1 (Type); 
"Significant Alteration Event" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means the number of Scheduled Trading Days specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"SRM Regulation" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Stop-Loss Event" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Strike Date" means, in the case of Index Securities, Share Securities, ETI Securities, Debt Securities 
or Futures Securities, the Strike Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, or, if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
where the Securities are Index Securities relating to a single Index (other than a Component 
Security Index), Share Securities relating to a single Share, ETI Securities relating to a single 
ETI Interest, Debt Securities relating to a single Debt Instrument or Futures Securities relating 
to a single Future, the Strike Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is 
not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal 
to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Strike Date 
is a Disrupted Day. In that case, (A) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be

--- Page 86 ---
- 86 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
deemed to be the Strike Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day and (B) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level or price: 
(i) 
in the case of Index Securities, by determining the level of the Index as of the Valuation 
Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the 
formula for and method of calculating the Index last in effect prior to the occurrence 
of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation 
Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of each security comprised 
in the Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of 
the relevant security on the last such Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate 
of the value for the relevant security as of the Valuation Time on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day); or 
(ii) 
in the case of Share Securities, ETI Securities, Debt Securities or Futures Securities, 
in accordance with its good faith estimate of the relevant value, level, price or amount 
as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in the case of Index Securities relating to a single Component Security Index, the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the relevant level for such Component Security Index using the formula 
for and method of calculating such Component Security Index last in effect prior to the 
occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using: 
(i) 
in respect of each Component Security not affected by a Market Disruption Event on 
the Scheduled Strike Date, the exchange traded or quoted price of such Component 
Security as of the Valuation Time on the Scheduled Strike Date; and 
(ii) 
in respect of each Component Security affected (each, an "Affected Component 
Security") by a Market Disruption Event on the Scheduled Strike Date, the exchange 
traded or quoted price for each Affected Component Security on the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day on which no Market Disruption Event occurs or is continuing 
with respect to the Affected Component Security, unless each of the number of 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Strike Date is a day on which a 
Market Disruption Event occurs or is continuing with respect to the Affected 
Component Security, in which case, the Calculation Agent shall determine the value, 
amount, level or price of the Affected Component Security using its good faith estimate 
of the value, amount, level or price of the relevant Affected Component Security as of 
the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; and 
the Strike Date shall be deemed to be the earliest date on which the Calculation Agent 
determines the level of the Component Security Index in accordance with the above provisions. 
(c) 
in the case of Index Securities relating to a Basket of Indices (other than a Basket of Component 
Security Indices), Share Securities relating to a Basket of Shares, ETI Securities relating to an 
ETI Basket, Debt Securities relating to a Basket of Debt Instruments or Futures Securities 
relating to a Basket of Futures, the Strike Date for each Index, Share, ETI Interest, Debt 
Instrument or Future, as the case may be, not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day 
shall be the Scheduled Strike Date and the Strike Date for each Index, ETI Interest, Share, Debt 
Instrument or Future affected, as the case may be (each an "Affected Item"), by the occurrence 
of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted 
Day relating to the Affected Item unless each of the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled 
Strike Date is a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item. In that case, (i) the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Strike Date for the Affected Item, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the relevant value, level, price or amount using, in relation to the Affected Item: 
(i) 
in the case of an Index, the level of that Index as of the Valuation Time on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the formula for and method of 
calculating that Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day 
using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on the last such

--- Page 87 ---
- 87 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of each security comprised in that Index (or, if an 
event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant security on 
the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value 
for the relevant security as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day); or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Share, ETI Interest, Debt Instrument or Future, its good faith estimate 
of the value, level, price or amount for the Affected Item as of the Valuation Time on 
the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(d) 
in the case of Index Securities relating to a Basket of Component Security Indices, the Strike 
Date for each Component Security Index not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day 
shall be the Scheduled Strike Date, and for each Component Security Index affected (an 
"Affected Item") by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, the Calculation Agent shall determine 
the level of that Component Security Index using the formula for and method of calculating that 
Component Security Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day, using: 
(i) 
in respect of each Component Security not affected by a Market Disruption Event on 
the Scheduled Strike Date, the exchange traded or quoted price of such Component 
Security as of the Valuation Time on the Scheduled Strike Date; and 
(ii) 
in respect of each Component Security affected (each, an "Affected Component 
Security") by a Market Disruption Event on the Scheduled Strike Date, the exchange 
traded or quoted price for each Affected Component Security on the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day on which no Market Disruption Event occurs or is continuing 
with respect to the Affected Component Security, unless each of the number of 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Strike Date is a day on which a 
Market Disruption Event occurs or is continuing with respect to the Affected 
Component Security, in which case, the Calculation Agent shall determine the value, 
amount, level or price of such Affected Component Security using its good faith 
estimate of the value, amount, level or price of the relevant Affected Component 
Security as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; 
and 
the Strike Date shall be deemed to be the earliest date on which the Calculation Agent can 
determine the level of the Component Security Index in accordance with the above provisions; 
or 
(e) 
in the case of Underlying Interest Rate Securities, the Strike Date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Strike Day" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and, if Averaging Date 
Consequences are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the provisions contained in the 
definition of "Averaging Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to 
"Averaging Date" were to "Strike Day"; 
"Strike Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Substitute Asset" and "Substitute Assets" is as defined in Security Condition 4.5 (Issuer's Option to 
Substitute Assets or to pay the Alternate Cash Amount); 
"Substitute Share" is as defined in Security Condition 13.2(c) and Share Security Condition 5.2(e); 
"Substitution Date" is as defined in Security Condition 13.2, Share Security Condition 5.2(e), ETI 
Security Condition 6.2(b); 
"Suspension/Withdrawal Event" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions);

--- Page 88 ---
- 88 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"Trading Disruption" is as defined in Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and in Share Security 
Condition 1 (Definitions), ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and Futures Security Condition 1 
(Definitions). 
"Underlying Reference" is as defined in OET Warrant Condition 1 (Definitions), Security Condition 
14.7(Definitions relating to Knock-in Event/Knock-out Event), Security Condition 19.9 (Automatic Early 
Expiration), Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Underlying Reference Level" is as defined in Security Conditions 19.9(c) and Formulas Condition 7 
(General Formulas Definitions); 
"Valid Date" means a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another 
Averaging Date in relation to the Exercise Date, as the case may be, does not or is not deemed to occur; 
"Valuation Date" means: 
(a) 
in the case of Index Securities, Share Securities, ETI Securities, Debt Securities or Futures 
Securities, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, (x) the Scheduled Trading 
Day immediately preceding the Actual Exercise Date or (y) the Actual Exercise Date (or, if such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following such date) or 
the first Scheduled Trading Day following the Actual Exercise Date of the relevant Warrant, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, unless in either case, in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(i) 
where the Warrants are Index Securities relating to a single Index (other than a 
Component Security Index), Share Securities relating to a single Share, ETI Securities 
relating to a single ETI Interest, Debt Securities relating to a single Debt Instrument or 
Futures Securities relating to a single Future, the Valuation Date shall be the first 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the 
number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. 
In that case, (A) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to 
be the Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and 
(B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant value, level, price or amount: 
(I) 
in the case of Index Securities, by determining the level of the Index as of the 
Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in 
accordance with the formula for and method of calculating the Index last in 
effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange 
traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day of each security comprised in the Index (or, if an 
event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant 
security on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith 
estimate of the value for the relevant security as of the Valuation Time on the 
last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day); or 
(II) 
in the case of Share Securities, ETI Securities, Debt Securities or Futures 
Securities, in accordance with its good faith estimate of the relevant value, 
level, price or amount as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day; 
(ii) 
in the case of Index Securities relating to a single Component Security Index, the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level for such Component Security 
Index using the formula for and method of calculating such Component Security Index 
last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using: 
(I) 
in respect of each Component Security not affected by a Market Disruption 
Event on the Scheduled Valuation Date, the exchange traded or quoted price 
of such Component Security as of the Valuation Time on the Scheduled 
Valuation Date; and

--- Page 89 ---
- 89 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
(II) 
in respect of each Component Security affected (each, an "Affected 
Component Security") by a Market Disruption Event on the Scheduled 
Valuation Date, the exchange traded or quoted price for each Affected 
Component Security on the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day on which 
no Market Disruption Event occurs or is continuing with respect to the 
Affected Component Security, unless each of the number of consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a day on which a 
Market Disruption Event occurs or is continuing with respect to the Affected 
Component Security, in which case, the Calculation Agent shall determine 
the value, amount, level or price of such Affected Component Security using 
its good faith estimate of the value, amount, level or price of the relevant 
Affected Component Security as of the Valuation Time on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; and 
the Valuation Date shall be deemed to be the earliest date on which the Calculation 
Agent determines the level of the Component Security Index in accordance with the 
above provisions; or 
(iii) 
in the case of Index Securities relating to a Basket of Indices (other than a Basket of 
Component Security Indices), Share Securities relating to a Basket of Shares, ETI 
Securities relating to a Basket comprised of ETI Interests, Debt Securities relating to a 
Basket of Debt Instruments or Futures Securities relating to a Basket of Futures, the 
Valuation Date for each Index, Share, ETI Interest, Debt Instrument or Future, as the 
case may be, not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled 
Valuation Date, and the Valuation Date for each Index, Share, ETI Interest, Debt 
Instrument or Future affected, as the case may be, (each an "Affected Item") by the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day 
that is not a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item unless each of the number of 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day 
relating to the Affected Item. In that case, (A) the last such consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date for the Affected Item, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (B) the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the relevant value, level, price or amount using, in relation to 
the Affected Item, the value, level, price or amount as applicable, determined using: 
(I) 
in the case of an Index, the level of that Index as of the Valuation Time on the 
last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the formula 
for and method of calculating that Index last in effect prior to the occurrence 
of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the 
Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of each 
security comprised in that Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day 
has occurred in respect of the relevant security on that last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant 
security as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day); or 
(II) 
in the case of a Share, ETI Interest, Debt Security or Future, its good faith 
estimate of the value, level, price or amount for the Affected Item as of the 
Valuation Time on that last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(iv) 
in the case of Index Securities relating to a Basket of Component Security Indices, the 
Valuation Date for each Component Security Index not affected by the occurrence of 
a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Valuation Date, and for each Component 
Security Index affected (an "Affected Item") by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the level of that Component Security Index 
using the formula for and method of calculating that Component Security Index last in 
effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day, using:

--- Page 90 ---
- 90 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
(I) 
in respect of each Component Security not affected by a Market Disruption 
Event on the Scheduled Valuation Date, the exchange traded or quoted price 
of such Component Security as of the Valuation Time on the Scheduled 
Valuation Date; and 
(II) 
in respect of each Component Security affected (each, an "Affected 
Component Security") by a Market Disruption Event on the Scheduled 
Valuation Date, the exchange traded or quoted price for each Affected 
Component Security on the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day on which 
no Market Disruption Event occurs or is continuing with respect to the 
Affected Component Security, unless each of the number of consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a day on which a 
Market Disruption Event occurs or is continuing with respect to the Affected 
Component Security, in which case, the Calculation Agent shall determine 
the value, amount, level or price of such Affected Component Security using 
its good faith estimate of the value, amount, level or price of the relevant 
Affected Component Security as of the Valuation Time on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; and 
the Valuation Date shall be deemed to be the earliest date on which the Calculation 
Agent determines the level of the Component Security Index in accordance with the 
above provisions; and 
(b) 
in the case of Open End Warrants and for the purposes of the "Exercise, Valuation and 
Settlement" set out in the applicable Final Terms, the date designated as the Settlement 
Valuation Date by the Issuer, provided that such date is determined by the Issuer and notified 
to the Securityholders in accordance with Security Condition 8 (Notices) at the latest on the 
tenth (10th) Business Day preceding the contemplated Settlement Valuation Date; 
and otherwise in accordance with the above provisions; and 
"Valuation Time" means: 
(a) 
the Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
in the case of Index Securities relating to: 
(i) 
a Composite Index, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, (A) for 
the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event has occurred: (x) in 
respect of any Component Security, the Scheduled Closing Time on the Exchange in 
respect of such Component Security, and (y) in respect of any options contracts or 
futures contracts on such Index, the close of trading on the Related Exchange; and (B) 
in all other circumstances, the time at which the official closing level of such Index is 
calculated and published by the Index Sponsor; or 
(ii) 
Indices other than Composite Indices, Share Securities or ETI Securities unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Scheduled Closing Time on the 
relevant Exchange on the relevant Strike Date, Valuation Date, Observation Date or 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, in relation to each Index, Share or ETI Interest to 
be valued, provided that if the relevant Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing 
Time or Valuation Time, as the case may be, is after the actual closing time for its 
regular trading session, the Valuation Time, shall be such actual closing time; and 
"Weighting" means in respect of any Component comprised in a Basket, the percentage specified in the 
Final Terms.

--- Page 91 ---
- 91 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
4. 
PHYSICAL DELIVERY PROVISIONS 
4.1 
Settlement Disruption 
If, following the exercise of Physical Delivery Securities, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, 
delivery of the Entitlement using the method of delivery specified in the applicable Final Terms is not 
practicable by reason of a Settlement Disruption Event (as defined below) having occurred and 
continuing on any Settlement Date then such Settlement Date for such Securities shall be postponed to 
the first following Settlement Business Day in respect of which there is no such Settlement Disruption 
Event, provided that the relevant Issuer may elect in its sole discretion to satisfy its obligations in respect 
of the relevant Security or, if applicable, Unit, as the case may be, by delivering the Entitlement using 
such other commercially reasonable manner as it may select and in such event the Settlement Date shall 
be such day as the relevant Issuer deems appropriate in connection with delivery of the Entitlement in 
such other commercially reasonable manner. For the avoidance of doubt, where a Settlement Disruption 
Event affects some but not all of the Relevant Assets comprising the Entitlement, the Settlement Date 
for the Relevant Assets not affected by the Settlement Disruption Event will be the originally designated 
Settlement Date.  
In the event that a Settlement Disruption Event will result in the delivery on a Settlement Date of some 
but not all of the Relevant Assets comprising the Entitlement, the Calculation Agent shall determine in 
its discretion the appropriate pro rata portion of the Exercise Price to be paid by the relevant Holder in 
respect of that partial settlement. 
For so long as delivery of the Entitlement is not practicable by reason of a Settlement Disruption Event, 
then in lieu of physical settlement and notwithstanding any other provision hereof, the relevant Issuer 
may elect in its sole discretion to satisfy and discharge its obligations in respect of the relevant Security 
or, if applicable, Unit, as the case may be, by payment to the relevant Securityholder of the Settlement 
Disruption Amount (as defined below) up to the 5th Business Day following the date that notice of such 
election is given to the Securityholders in accordance with Security Condition 8 (Notices). Payment of 
the Settlement Disruption Amount will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders 
in accordance with Security Condition 8 (Notices). The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with Security Condition 8 (Notices) that a Settlement 
Disruption Event has occurred provided that any failure to give, or non-receipt of, such notice will not 
affect the validity of any such Settlement Disruption Event. No Securityholder shall be entitled to any 
payment in respect of the relevant Security or, if applicable, Unit, as the case may be, in the event of any 
delay in the delivery of the Entitlement due to the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event and no 
liability in respect thereof shall attach to the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, if any. 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Settlement Disruption Amount" in respect of any relevant Security or, if applicable, Unit, as the case 
may be, shall be the fair market value of such Security or, if applicable, Unit, as the case may be, 
(disregarding, where the Settlement Disruption Event affected some but not all of the Relevant Assets 
comprising the Entitlement and such non-affected Relevant Assets have been duly delivered as provided 
above, the value of such Relevant Assets), less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the relevant Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates or agents of 
unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements (including any cost of funding in respect of 
such hedging arrangements), all as determined by the relevant Issuer acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, plus, if applicable and if already paid, the Exercise Price (or, whereas 
provided above some Relevant Assets have been delivered and a pro rata portion thereof has been paid, 
such pro rata portion); and 
"Settlement Disruption Event" means, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, or, if the provision of 
Security Condition 2.2 (Status of Guarantee) applies, the Guarantor, an event beyond the control of the 
relevant Issuer or, if the provision of Security Condition 2.2 (Status of Guarantee) applies, the Guarantor, 
as a result of which the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor cannot make delivery of the Relevant Asset(s) 
using the method specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 92 ---
- 92 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
4.2 
Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity 
"Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity", if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, will be 
an Optional Additional Disruption Event, as described in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions). 
4.3 
Issuer`s Option to vary Settlement 
If the applicable Final Terms indicates that the relevant Issuer has an option to vary settlement in respect 
of the Securities, upon a valid exercise of Securities in accordance with these Conditions, the relevant 
Issuer may, in respect of each such Security or Unit, elect not to pay the relevant Securityholders the 
Cash Settlement Amount or not to deliver or procure delivery of the Entitlement to the relevant 
Securityholders, as the case may be, but, in lieu thereof to deliver or procure delivery of the Entitlement 
or make payment of the Cash Settlement Amount on the Settlement Date to the relevant Securityholders, 
as the case may be. Notification of such election will be given to Securityholders no later than 10.00 a.m. 
(Luxembourg time) on the second Business Day following the Exercise Date in accordance with Security 
Condition 8 (Notices) and/or, at the option of the relevant Issuer, if applicable, in accordance with the 
contact details for a Securityholder specified in its Exercise Notice. 
4.4 
Intervening Period 
For such period of time after the Settlement Date as the Issuer or any person other than the relevant 
Securityholder shall continue to be the legal owner of the securities or the Entitlement, obligations and/or 
other assets comprising the Entitlement (the "Intervening Period"), neither the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor nor any other person shall (i) be under any obligation to deliver or procure delivery to any 
Securityholder any letter, certificate, notice, circular or any other document or payment whatsoever 
received by that person in respect of such securities, obligations, assets or Entitlement, or (ii) be under 
any obligation to exercise or procure exercise of any or all rights (including voting rights) attaching to 
such securities, obligations, assets or Entitlement during the Intervening Period or (iii) be under any 
liability to a Securityholder in respect of any loss or damage which such Securityholder may sustain or 
suffer as a result, whether directly or indirectly, of that person being registered during such Intervening 
Period as legal owner of such securities, obligations, assets or Entitlement. 
4.5 
Issuer's Option to Substitute Assets or to pay the Alternate Cash Amount 
Unless Issuer's Option to Substitute is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, following 
a valid exercise of Securities in accordance with these Conditions, the Issuer may in respect of such 
Securities, if the Calculation Agent determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) that the Relevant Asset or Relevant Assets, as the case may be, comprise(s) shares or interests 
in ETIs which are not freely tradable, elect either (a) to substitute for the Relevant Asset or the Relevant 
Assets, as the case may be, an equivalent value (as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) of such other shares or interests in ETIs which the 
Calculation Agent determines, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, are freely 
tradable (the "Substitute Asset" or the "Substitute Assets", as the case may be) or (b) not to deliver or 
procure the delivery of the Entitlement or the Substitute Asset or Substitute Assets, as the case may be, 
to the relevant Securityholders, but in lieu thereof to make payment to the relevant Securityholders on 
the Settlement Date of an amount equal to the fair market value of the Entitlement on the Settlement 
Valuation Date as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner by reference to such sources as it considers appropriate (the "Alternate Cash 
Amount"). Notification of any such election will be given to Securityholders in accordance with Security 
Condition 8 (Notices). 
For the purposes hereof, a "freely tradable" share or interest in an ETI shall mean (i) with respect to the 
United States, a share or interest in an ETI, as the case may be, which is registered under the Securities 
Act or not restricted under the Securities Act and which is not purchased from the issuer of such share 
or interest in an ETI, as the case may be, and not purchased from an Affiliate of the issuer of such share 
or interest in an ETI, as the case may be, or which otherwise meets the requirements of a freely tradable 
share or interest in an ETI, as the case may be, for purposes of the Securities Act, in each case, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner or 
(ii) with respect to any other jurisdiction, a share or interest in an ETI, as the case may be, not subject to 
any legal restrictions on transfer in such jurisdiction.

--- Page 93 ---
- 93 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
4.6 
FX Settlement Disruption Event 
If (a) FX Settlement Disruption Event Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and the Calculation Agent determines that the FX Settlement Disruption Event is not attributable 
to the relevant Issuer, but substantially alters the economics of the Securities compared to the economics 
as of the Issue Date and the Settlement Currency specified in the applicable Final Terms is a Relevant 
Currency or (b) if FX Settlement Disruption Event Determination is not specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and the Settlement Currency specified in the applicable Final Terms is a Relevant 
Currency, "FX Settlement Disruption" will apply, and: 
(i) 
If on the second Business Day prior to the Disrupted Settlement Date, the Calculation Agent 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) determines that a FX Settlement 
Disruption Event has occurred and is subsisting, the relevant Issuer shall give notice (a "FX 
Settlement Disruption Notice") to the Securityholders in accordance with Security Condition 
8 (Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter and, in any event, prior to the due date 
for payment of the relevant Disrupted Amount as the case may be. 
(ii) 
Following the occurrence of a FX Settlement Disruption Event: 
(A) 
the date for payment of the relevant Disrupted Amount will be postponed to (a) the 
second Business Day following the date on which the Calculation Agent determines 
that a FX Settlement Disruption Event is no longer subsisting or if earlier (b) the date 
falling thirty calendar days following the Settlement Date or other scheduled date for 
payment, as applicable, of the relevant Disrupted Amount (the "FX Settlement 
Disruption Cut-off Date") which, for the avoidance of doubt, may be later than the 
scheduled Settlement Date; and 
(B) 
(i) in the case of A(a) above, the relevant Issuer will pay or cause to be paid the relevant 
Disrupted Amount, less (unless FX Settlement Disruption Expenses are indicated as 
not applicable in the relevant Final Terms) FX Settlement Disruption Expenses (if any), 
in the Settlement Currency or (ii) in the case of A(b) above, in lieu of paying the 
relevant Disrupted Amount in the Settlement Currency, the Issuer will, subject to sub-
paragraph (iii) below, convert the relevant Disrupted Amount into the FX Settlement 
Disruption Currency (using the FX Settlement Disruption Exchange Rate determined 
by the Calculation Agent for the relevant Disrupted Settlement Date) and will pay or 
cause to be paid the relevant Disrupted Amount, less (unless FX Settlement Disruption 
Expenses are indicated as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms) FX Settlement 
Disruption Expenses (if any), in the FX Settlement Disruption Currency on the FX 
Settlement Disruption Cut-off Date; 
(iii) 
If sub-paragraph (ii)(A)(b) applies, the Calculation Agent will determine the FX Settlement 
Disruption Exchange Rate acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner in 
accordance with the following procedures: 
(A) 
the FX Settlement Disruption Exchange Rate shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded, if 
necessary, to four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded upwards)) as 
determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent of the bid and offer Settlement 
Currency/FX Settlement Disruption Currency exchange rates provided by two or more 
leading dealers on a foreign exchange market (as selected by the Calculation Agent) 
on such day; or 
(B) 
if fewer than two leading dealers provide the Calculation Agent with bid and offer 
Settlement Currency/FX Settlement Disruption Currency exchange rates on such day, 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the FX Settlement Disruption Exchange Rate 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
(iv) 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained in this Security Condition 4.6 shall prevent the 
Issuer from determining that an Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional 
Disruption Event has occurred, in which case, the provisions of Security Condition 13 
(Additional Disruption Events and Optional Additional Disruption Events) shall prevail in the

--- Page 94 ---
- 94 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
event of any conflict between this Security Condition 4.6 and Security Condition 13 (Additional 
Disruption Events and Optional Additional Disruption Events). 
(v) 
For these purposes: 
"Disrupted Amount" means any Cash Settlement Amount or other amount payable; 
"Disrupted Settlement Date" means the Settlement Date or any other due date for payment; 
"FX Settlement Disruption Currency" means USD; 
"FX Settlement Disruption Event" means the occurrence of an event which makes it unlawful, 
impossible or otherwise impracticable to pay the relevant Disrupted Amount in the Settlement 
Currency on the scheduled Settlement Date or other date for payment; 
"FX Settlement Disruption Exchange Rate" means the rate of exchange between the 
Settlement Currency (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) and the FX Settlement 
Disruption Currency, determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the provisions of 
sub-paragraph (iii) above; 
"FX Settlement Disruption Expenses" means the sum of (i) the cost to the Issuer and/or its 
affiliates of unwinding any hedging arrangements related to the Securities and (ii) any 
transaction, settlement or other costs and expenses arising directly out of the occurrence of a 
FX Settlement Disruption Event or the related payment of the Disrupted Amount, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner; 
"Relevant Currency" means each of Emirati Dirhams ("AED"), Argentinian Pesos ("ARS"), 
Australian Dollars ("AUD"), Bermudan Dollars ("BMD"), Bulgarian Leva ("BGN"), Bahraini 
Dinars ("BHD"), Botswana Pula ("BWP"), Brazilian Reais ("BRL"), Canadian Dollars 
("CAD"), Swiss Francs ("CHF"), Chilean Pesos ("CLP"), Chinese Yuan ("CNY"), Czech 
Republic Korun ("CZK"), Danish Kroner ("DKK"), Great British Pounds ("GBP"), Ghanian 
Cedis ("GHS"), Hong Kong Dollars ("HKD"), Croatian Kuna ("KRJ"), Hungarian Forints 
("HUF"), Indonesian Rupiah ("IDR"), Israeli Shekels ("ILS"), Icelandic Krónur ("ISK"), 
Jordanian Dinars ("JOD"), Japanese Yen ("JPY"), Kenyan Shillings ("KES"), Kuwaiti Dinars 
("KWD"), Kazakhstani Tenges ("KZT"), Lebanese Pounds ("LBP"), Moroccan Dirhams 
("MAD"), Mauritian Rupees ("MUR"), Mexican Pesos ("MXN"), Malaysian Ringgits 
("MYR"), Namibian Dollars ("NAD"), Nigerian Naira ("NGN"), Norwegian Kroner ("NOK"), 
New Zealand Dollars ("NZD"), Omani Riyals ("OMR"), Peruvian Nuevos Soles ("PEN"), 
Philippine Pesos ("PHP"), Polish Zloty ("PLN"), Qatari Riyals ("QAR"), Romanian Lei 
("RON"), Russian Roubles ("RUB"), Saudi Riyals ("SAR"), Swedish Kronor ("SEK"), 
Singaporean Dollars ("SGD"), Thai Baht ("THB"), Tunisian Dinars ("TND"), Turkish Lire 
("TRY") and South African Rand ("ZAR"); and 
"USD" means the lawful currency of the United States of America. 
4.7 
General 
None of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent shall have any 
responsibility for any errors or omissions in the calculation of any Cash Settlement Amount or of any 
Entitlement. 
The subscription or purchase of Securities does not confer on any holder of such Securities any rights 
(whether in respect of voting, distributions or otherwise) attaching to any Relevant Asset. 
In making any election, modification, determination or adjustment, the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, 
as applicable, will act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, to preserve or restore the 
economics of the agreed terms, as far as reasonably practicable. Any such election, modification, 
determination or adjustment shall not create a significant imbalance between the rights and obligations 
of the Issuer compared to the Securityholders, to the detriment of the Securityholders.

--- Page 95 ---
- 95 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
If Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent, as the case may be, may only modify or adjust the terms of the Securities (other than modifications 
or adjustments that do not relate to essential characteristics of the Securities) or cancel the Securities 
prior to their scheduled Exercise Date (in the case of European Style Warrants) or Expiration Date (in 
the case of American Style Warrants), as described in the Conditions, following an event or circumstance 
(or combination of events or circumstances) that (a) is not attributable to the Issuer that significantly 
alters the economics of the Securities compared to the economics as of the Issue Date, or (b) constitutes 
a force majeure. 
For the purpose of this Security Condition, "essential characteristics" of the Securities means 
characteristics of the Securities that are considered essential to the Securityholders generally, including 
without limitation the Underlying Reference, the identity of the Issuer and of the Guarantor and the 
scheduled Exercise Date (in the case of European Style Warrants) or Expiration Date (in the case of 
American Style Warrants). 
The Issuer shall be under no obligation to register or procure the registration of any Securityholder or 
any other person as the registered holder in respect of any securities, obligations, assets or the Entitlement 
comprised in any Entitlement in the register of, as the case may be, inter alia, (i) members of the relevant 
Share Company as defined in Share Security Condition 1 (Definitions) or Fund Security Condition 1 
(Definitions) (if any) or (ii) bondholders of the relevant obligor. 
5. 
ILLEGALITY AND FORCE MAJEURE 
If the relevant Issuer determines that the performance of its obligations under the Securities or that any 
arrangements made to hedge the relevant Issuer's obligations under the Securities have become (i) illegal 
in whole or in part for any reason, or (ii) by reason of a force majeure event (such as an act of God, fire, 
flood, severe weather conditions, or a labour dispute or shortage) or an act of state occurring after the 
Trade Date, impossible or impracticable the relevant Issuer may cancel the Securities by giving notice to 
Securityholders in accordance with Security Condition 8 (Notices). 
Should any one or more of the provisions or part of any provision contained in these Conditions be or 
become invalid, the validity of the remaining provisions or part of such provision shall not in any way 
be affected thereby. 
If the relevant Issuer cancels the Securities pursuant to an illegality then the relevant Issuer will, if and 
to the extent permitted by applicable law, pay an amount to each Securityholder in respect of each 
Security, or if Units are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may 
be, held by such holder, which amount shall be equal to the fair market value of a Security or a Unit, as 
the case may be, notwithstanding such illegality less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the relevant Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates or agents of 
unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements (including any cost of funding in respect of 
such hedging arrangements) plus, if applicable and if already paid by or on behalf of the Securityholder, 
the Exercise Price, all as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner. Payment will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in 
accordance with Security Condition 8 (Notices). 
If the relevant Issuer settles the Securities by reason of a force majeure event or an act of state, then the 
relevant Issuer will, if and to the extent permitted by applicable law, pay an amount to each 
Securityholder in respect of each Security, or if Units are specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, held by such holder, which amount shall be equal to the fair market 
value of a Security or a Unit, as the case may be, taking into account the applicable force majeure event 
or act of state, as the case may be, less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the cost to the relevant Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates or agents of unwinding 
any underlying related hedging arrangements (including any cost of funding in respect of such hedging 
arrangements) plus, if applicable and if already paid by or on behalf of the Securityholder, the Exercise 
Price, all as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner. Payment will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance 
with Security Condition 8 (Notices).

--- Page 96 ---
- 96 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
6. 
PURCHASES AND CANCELLATION 
The Issuer may, but is not obliged to, at any time purchase Securities at any price in the open market or 
by tender or private treaty. Any Securities so purchased may be held or resold or surrendered for 
cancellation. 
7. 
AGENTS, 
DETERMINATIONS, 
MEETINGS 
OF 
SECURITYHOLDERS 
AND 
MODIFICATIONS 
7.1 
Agents 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the relevant Issuer 
and their respective specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent and the 
Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (where applicable) and 
do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any holder. The Issuer and the 
Guarantor (where applicable) reserve the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the 
Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent and to appoint additional or other agents 
provided that the relevant Issuer will at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) a Calculation Agent 
where the Conditions so require one, (iii) the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (where applicable) will 
ensure that they maintain a Paying Agent in an EU member state that will not be obliged to withhold or 
deduct tax, pursuant to European Council Directive 2003/48/EU, or any law or agreement implementing 
or complying with, or introduced in order to conform to, such Directive or with any Directive replacing 
it, (iv) Paying Agents having a specified office in at least two major European cities (including 
Luxembourg so long as the Securities are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange), 
and (v) such other agents as may be required by the rules of any other stock exchange on which the 
Securities may be listed. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office will promptly be given to the holders of 
Securities in accordance with Security Condition 8 (Notices). 
The Fiscal Agent initially appointed by the Issuers is BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg 
Branch and its specified office is 60, avenue J.F Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. BNP Paribas Securities 
Services Luxembourg Branch, being part of a financial group providing client services with a worldwide 
network covering different time zones, may entrust parts of its operational processes to other BNP 
Paribas Group entities and/or third parties, whilst keeping ultimate accountability and responsibility in 
Luxembourg. Further information on the international operating model of BNP Paribas Securities 
Services Luxembourg Branch may be provided upon request. 
The Italian Paying Agent initially appointed by the Issuers is MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito 
Finanziario S.p.A. and its specified office is Piazzetta E. Cuccia, 1, 20121 Milan, Italy. 
The Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuers is MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito 
Finanziario S.p.A. and its specified office is Piazzetta E. Cuccia, 1, 20121 Milan, Italy. 
7.2 
Calculation Agent 
In relation to each issue of Securities, the Calculation Agent (whether it be the relevant Issuer or another 
entity) acts solely as agent of the relevant Issuer and does not assume any obligation or duty to, or any 
relationship of agency or trust for or with, the Securityholders. All calculations and determinations made 
in respect of the Securities by the Calculation Agent shall (save in the case of manifest error) be final, 
conclusive and binding on the relevant Issuer and the Securityholders. 
The Calculation Agent may, with the consent of the relevant Issuer, delegate any of its obligations and 
functions to a third party as it deems appropriate. 
7.3 
Determinations by the relevant Issuer 
Any determination made by the relevant Issuer pursuant to these Conditions shall (save in the case of 
manifest error) be final, conclusive and binding on the relevant Issuer and the Securityholders.

--- Page 97 ---
- 97 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
7.4 
Occurrence of certain events 
The Issuer or the Calculation Agent are under no obligation to monitor whether or not any of the 
applicable events described in Annex 2 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Securities), Annex 
3 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Securities), Annex 4 (Additional Terms and Conditions 
for ETI Securities), Annex 5 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Debt Securities), Annex 7 (Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Inflation Index Securities), Annex 8 (Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Currency Securities), Annex 9 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Securities), Annex 10 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Futures Securities),  Annex 11 (Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Underlying Interest Rate Securities) and Annex 13 (Additional Terms and Conditions for OET 
Warrants) has occurred in respect of any Security, Underlying Reference or Component, as the case may 
be. Neither the relevant Issuer nor the Calculation Agent shall be liable to any Securityholder for losses 
resulting from (i) any determination that any such event has occurred or has not occurred, (ii) the timing 
relating to the determination that any such event has occurred or has not occurred or (iii) any actions 
taken or not taken by the relevant Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent in accordance with these 
Conditions as a result of such determination that any such event has occurred or has not occurred. 
7.5 
Meetings of Securityholders and Modifications 
The Issue and Paying Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of holders of 
Securities to consider any matter affecting their interest, including modification by Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Securities (including these Conditions insofar as the same may apply to such 
Securities). An Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the 
holders of Securities, whether present or not, except that any Extraordinary Resolution proposed, inter 
alia, (i) to modify the date of exercise of the Securities, (ii) to reduce or cancel the Cash Settlement 
Amount or the Entitlement in respect of the Securities, (iii) to alter the currency of payment of the 
Securities other than pursuant to Security Condition 15 (Adjustments for European Monetary Union), 
will only be binding if passed at a meeting of the holders of Securities (or at any adjournment thereof) at 
which a special quorum (provided for in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement) is present. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor shall only permit any modification of, or any waiver or authorisation of 
any breach or proposed breach of or any failure to comply with, the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement, 
if to do so could not reasonably be expected to be prejudicial to the interests of the holders of Securities. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor may, without the prior consent of the holders of the Securities correct (i) 
any manifest error in the Terms and Conditions of the Securities and/or in the Final Terms, (ii) any error 
of a formal, minor or technical nature in the Terms and Conditions of the Securities and/or in the Final 
Terms or (iii) any inconsistency in the Terms and Conditions of the Securities and/or in the Final Terms 
between the Terms and Conditions of the Securities and/or the Final Terms and any other documents 
prepared in connection with the issue and/or offer of a Series of Securities (provided such correction is 
not materially prejudicial to the holders of the relevant Series of Securities). Any such correction shall 
be binding on the holders of the relevant Securities and the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (if 
applicable) shall cause such correction to be notified to the holders of the Securities as soon as practicable 
thereafter pursuant to Security Condition 8 (Notices). 
In addition, the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor may modify from time to time in the relevant Final 
Terms the time references to certain Business Days contained in these Conditions. 
8. 
NOTICES 
All notices to Securityholders shall be valid if (i) until such time as any Definitive Securities are issued, 
the notice is delivered to the relevant Clearing System(s), for communication by them to the 
Securityholders; (ii) if and so long as the Securities are admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin's 
regulated market (and listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin), the notice is published in 
accordance with the rules and regulations of Euronext Dublin (which shall include publication in a 
leading newspaper having general circulation in Ireland or on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin)), (iii) if and so long as the Securities are admitted to trading on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, the notice is published in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (which shall include publication on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu)), and (iv) if and so long as the Securities are admitted to trading on the Italian Stock

--- Page 98 ---
- 98 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
Exchange, the notice is published in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Italian Stock 
Exchange (which shall include publication on the website of the Italian Stock Exchange 
(www.borsaitaliana.it)). The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which 
complies with the rules of any other stock exchange (or any other relevant authority) on which the 
Securities are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading. If Definitive 
Securities are issued, notices to Securityholders will be deemed validly given if published in a leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London. It is expected that such publication 
will be made in the Financial Times. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of 
delivery to the relevant Clearing System(s) or the date of publication, as the case may be, or, if published 
more than once, on the date of the first publication. 
9. 
EXPENSES AND TAXATION 
 
A holder of Securities must pay all taxes, duties and/or expenses, including any applicable 
depository charges, transaction or exercise charges, sale commissions, stamp duty, stamp duty 
reserve tax, issue, registration, securities transfer and/or other taxes or duties arising from the 
exercise and settlement of such Securities and/or the delivery or transfer of the Entitlement (as 
applicable) pursuant to the terms of such Securities ("Expenses") relating to such Securities as 
provided above. 
 
The Issuer shall not be liable for or otherwise obliged to pay, and the relevant Securityholder 
shall be liable for and/or pay, any tax, duty, withholding or other payment which may arise as a 
result of the ownership, transfer, exercise or enforcement of any Security by any person. All 
payments made by the relevant Issuer shall be made subject to any such tax, duty, withholding 
or other payment which may be required to be made, paid, withheld or deducted and no 
additional amount shall be payable to any relevant Securityholder in respect of any such tax, 
duty, withholding or other payment. 
10. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of Securityholders to create and issue 
further Securities so as to be consolidated with and form a single series with the outstanding Securities. 
11. 
SUBSTITUTION OF THE RELEVANT ISSUER 
11.1 
Substitution of Issuer 
 
The Issuer and, in case of Securities issued by Mediobanca International, the Guarantor may at 
any time, without the consent of the holders of Securities, substitute Mediobanca, or any other 
third party entity, as Issuer in place of Mediobanca International or Mediobanca International, 
or any other third party entity, as Issuer in place of Mediobanca (each a "Substitute") upon 
notice by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (in case of Securities issued by Mediobanca 
International) and the Substitute to be given in accordance with Security Condition 8 (Notices) 
provided that; 
(i) 
no payment in respect of the Securities or the Deed of Guarantee (as the case may be) 
is at the relevant time overdue; 
(ii) 
the Substitute shall, by means of a deed poll in the form scheduled to the Programme 
Manual as Schedule 9 (the "Deed Poll"), agree to indemnify each holder of Securities 
against any incremental tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge which is 
imposed on it by (or by any authority in or of) the jurisdiction of the country of the 
Substitute's residence for tax purposes and, if different, of its incorporation with respect 
to any Securities or the Deed of Covenant and which would not have been so imposed 
or otherwise suffered by any holder of Securities had the substitution not been made, 
as well as against any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge, and any cost or 
expense, relating to the substitution; 
(iii) 
in respect of Securities issued by Mediobanca International, where the Substitute is not 
the Guarantor, the obligations of the Substitute under the Deed Poll, the Securities and

--- Page 99 ---
- 99 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
Deed of Covenant shall be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the 
Guarantor by means of the Deed Poll, in accordance with the terms thereof; 
(iv) 
all actions, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the 
obtaining of any necessary consents) to ensure that the Deed Poll, the Securities and 
Deed of Covenant represent valid, legally binding and enforceable obligations of the 
Substitute and, where applicable, of the Guarantor have been taken, fulfilled and done 
and are in full force and effect; 
(v) 
the Substitute shall have become party to the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement, 
with any appropriate consequential amendments, as if it had been an original party to 
it; 
(vi) 
legal opinions shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent from lawyers of recognised 
standing in each jurisdiction referred to in (ii) above, in Italy and in England as to the 
fulfilment of the requirements of this Security Condition 11 and the other matters 
specified in the Deed Poll and that the Securities are legal, valid and binding 
obligations of the Substitute; 
(vii) 
each stock exchange on which the Securities are listed shall have confirmed that, 
following the proposed substitution of the Substitute, the Securities will continue to be 
listed on such stock exchange; 
(viii) 
if applicable, the Substitute has appointed a process agent as its agent in England to 
receive service of process on its behalf in relation to any legal proceedings arising out 
of or in connection with the Securities. 
 
Upon the execution of the Deed Poll and the delivery of the legal opinions, the Substitute shall 
succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power, of the relevant Issuer 
under the Securities and the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement with the same effect as if the 
Substitute had been named as the relevant Issuer herein, and the relevant Issuer shall be released 
from its obligations under the Securities and under the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement. 
 
After a substitution pursuant to Security Condition 11.1(a), the Substitute may, without the 
consent of any holder, effect a further substitution. All the provisions specified in Security 
Condition 11.1(a) and Security Condition 11.1(b) shall apply mutatis mutandis, and references 
in these Conditions to the relevant Issuer shall, where the context so requires, be deemed to be 
or include references to any such further Substitute. 
 
After a substitution pursuant to Security Condition 11.1(a) or Security Condition 11.1(c) any 
Substitute may, without the consent of any holder, reverse the substitution, mutatis mutandis. 
 
The Deed Poll and all documents relating to the substitution shall be delivered to, and kept by, 
the Fiscal Agent. Copies of such documents will be available free of charge at the specified 
office of the Paying Agent. 
11.2 
Modification of Conditions as a result of Substitution of Issuer 
After any substitution pursuant to Security Condition 11.1 (Substitution of Issuer) above, the Conditions 
will be modified in all consequential respects including, but not limited to, replacement of references to 
the Republic of Italy in the Conditions where applicable, by references to the country of incorporation, 
domicile and/or residence for tax purposes of the Substitute, as the case may be. Such modifications shall 
be notified to Securityholders in accordance with Security Condition 8 (Notices). 
12. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
 
Governing Law: If it is specified in the Final Terms that English law is applicable to the 
Securities, the Securities and any contractual or non-contractual obligations arising from or 
connected with the Securities are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
English law, save for the status provisions applicable to the Securities and the contractual 
recognition of bail-in powers provisions, and any non contractual obligations arising out of or

--- Page 100 ---
- 100 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
in connection with such provisions set out in Security Conditions 22 (Acknowledgement of the 
Italian Bail-in power) and 23 (Acknowledgement of the Luxembourg Bail-in power), (the 
"status and bail-in recognition provisions"), which shall be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, Italian law (if the Securities are issued by Mediobanca) or Luxembourg law 
(if the Securities are issued by Mediobanca International), as applicable. If it is specified in the 
Final Terms that Italian law is applicable to the Securities, the Securities are governed by, and 
shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law, save, in case Securities are issued by 
Mediobanca International, for the status and bail-in recognition provisions which shall be 
governed by, and construed in accordance with, Luxembourg law. Articles 470-1 to 470-19 of 
the Luxembourg law dated 10 August 1915 on commercial companies, as amended, are not 
applicable to the Securities. 
 
English courts: If it is specified in the Final Terms that English law is applicable to the 
Securities, the courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a "Dispute"), 
arising from or connected with the Securities, whether arising out of or in connection with 
contractual or non-contractual obligations, subject to the status and bail-in recognition 
provisions. If it is specified in the Final Terms that Italian law is applicable to the Securities, 
the Courts of Milan shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of 
or in connection with these Securities, whether arising out of or in connection with contractual 
or non-contractual obligations, subject to the status and bail-in recognition provisions. 
 
Appropriate forum: If it is specified in the Final Terms that English law is applicable to the 
Securities, each of the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (where applicable) agree that the courts 
of England are the most appropriate and convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, 
accordingly, that they will not argue to the contrary. 
 
Service of notices/documents: If it is specified in the Final Terms that English law is applicable 
to the Securities, each of the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (where applicable) agree that the 
documents which start any proceedings relating to a Dispute ("Proceedings") and any other 
documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on them by 
being delivered to Mediobanca – London Branch, 4th floor, 62 Buckingham Gate SW1E 6AJ, 
United Kingdom. If such person is not or ceases to be effectively appointed to accept service of 
process on behalf of the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (where applicable), the relevant Issuer 
and the Guarantor (where applicable) shall, on the written demand of any Securityholder 
addressed and delivered to the relevant Issuer and to the Guarantor (where applicable) or to the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent appoint a further person in England to accept service of 
process on their behalf and, failing such appointment within 15 days, any Securityholder shall 
be entitled to appoint such a person by written notice addressed to the relevant Issuer and the 
Guarantor (where applicable) and delivered to the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (where 
applicable) or to the specified office of the Fiscal Agent. Nothing in this paragraph shall affect 
the right of any Securityholder to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. This 
clause applies to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings elsewhere. 
 
Non-applicable Conditions if Italian law applies to the Securities: If it is specified in the Final 
Terms that Italian law is applicable to the Securities, Security Condition 12(c), Security 
Condition 12(d) and Security Condition 16 (Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999) shall 
not apply. 
13. 
ADDITIONAL DISRUPTION EVENTS AND OPTIONAL ADDITIONAL DISRUPTION 
EVENTS 
13.1 
Definitions 
"Additional Disruption Event" means each of Change in Law and Hedging Disruption, unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means the Calculation Agent determines that: 
(i) 
a Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event has occurred or will occur;

--- Page 101 ---
- 101 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
(ii) 
any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or 
inclusion in any official register in respect of a relevant Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor 
of a relevant Benchmark has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, 
refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or other relevant official 
body, in each case with the effect that the Issuer or the Calculation Agent or any other entity is 
not, or will not be, permitted under any applicable law or regulation to use the relevant Benchmark 
to perform its or their respective obligations under the Securities; or 
(iii) 
it is not fair and commercially reasonable to continue the use of a relevant Benchmark in 
connection with the Securities from the perspective of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent or the 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent suffers or will suffer an increased cost, in each case, as a result of 
any applicable licensing restrictions or changes in the cost of obtaining or maintaining any 
relevant licence (including, without limitation, where the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any 
other entity is required to hold a valid licence in order to issue or perform its obligations in respect 
of the Securities and for any reason such licence is either not obtained, not renewed or is revoked 
or there is a material change in the cost of obtaining or renewing such licence); or 
(iv) 
there has been an official announcement by the supervisor of the administrator and/or sponsor of 
a relevant Benchmark that the relevant Benchmark is no longer representative of any relevant 
underlying market(s). 
"Applicable Banking Regulations" means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect in the Republic of Italy, including, without 
limitation to the generality of the foregoing, those regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies 
relating to capital adequacy then in effect of the Relevant Authority (as defined below) whether or not 
such requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied 
generally or specifically to the Issuer and including, for avoidance of doubt, as at the Issue Date the rules 
contained in, or implementing, CRD IV); 
"Benchmark" means any figure, value, level or rate which is a benchmark as defined in the BMR and 
where any amount payable or deliverable under the Warrants, or the value of the Warrants, is determined 
by reference in whole or in part by reference to such figure, value, level or rate all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
"Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark any of the 
following has occurred or will occur: 
(i) 
any material change in such Benchmark; or 
(ii) 
the permanent or indefinite cancellation or cessation in the provision of such Benchmark. 
"BMR" means the EU Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the “EU BMR”) and the 
EU BMR as it forms part of the domestic law in the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal Act) 2018 (the “UK BMR”) (together the “BMR”);  
"BRRD" means the directive 2014/59/EU providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for 
the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms; 
"Cancellation Event" means, that in the determination of the Calculation Agent, all or some of the Debt 
Instruments are redeemed prior to their stated maturity date for any reason, and as a result thereof it is 
impossible, impracticable or unduly onerous for the Issuer or its Affiliates to hedge the Issuer's 
obligations in respect of the Securities; 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) (a) 
due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, 
in respect of any tax law, solvency or capital requirements), or (b) due to the promulgation of or any 
change in the interpretation or application of any law or regulation by any court, tribunal or regulatory 
or other supervisory authority with competent jurisdiction (including any action taken by a taxing or 
financial authority or any supervisory authority) or the combined effect thereof if occurring more than 
once, the Issuer determines acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner that:

--- Page 102 ---
- 102 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
(a) 
it has become illegal for it or any of its Affiliates to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant 
hedge position relating to an Index (in the case of Index Securities), any relevant hedge position 
relating to a Debt Instrument (in the case of Debt Securities), any relevant hedge position 
relating to a Share (in the case of Share Securities), any relevant hedge position relating to an 
ETI Interest (in the case of ETI Securities), or any relevant hedge position relating to a Fund 
Share (in the case of Fund Securities) (each a "Hedge"); or 
(b) 
it or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially increased cost (including, without limitation, 
in respect of any tax, solvency, regulatory or capital requirements) in maintaining the Securities 
in issue or, unless Hedge Maintenance Cost is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, in holding, acquiring or disposing of any Hedge; 
"CRD IV" means the CRD IV Directive, the CRR and any CRD IV Implementing Measure; 
"CRD IV Directive" means the directive 2013/36 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 
June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit 
institutions and investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC and repealing Directives 2006/48/EC 
and 2006/49/EC; 
"CRD IV Implementing Measure" means any regulatory capital rules implementing the CRD IV 
Directive or the CRR which may from time to time be introduced, including, but not limited to, delegated 
or implementing acts (regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European Commission, national 
laws and regulations, and regulations and guidelines issued by the Bank of Italy, the European Banking 
Authority or any other relevant authority, which are applicable to the Issuer (on a standalone basis) or 
the Issuer together with its consolidated subsidiaries (on a consolidated basis) and which prescribe the 
requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer 
(on a standalone or consolidated basis); 
"CRR" means the Regulation No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms amending Regulation No. 
648/2012; 
"Currency Event" means that, on or after the Trade Date, it has become impracticable, illegal or 
impossible for the Issuer or any of its Affiliates (a) to convert the relevant currency ("Local Currency") 
in which the Index, the Shares or the Debt Instruments or any options or futures contracts or other hedging 
arrangement in relation to the Index, the Shares or the Debt Instruments (for the purposes of hedging the 
Issuer's obligations under the Securities) are denominated, into the Settlement Currency, or exchange or 
repatriate any funds in the Local Currency or the Settlement Currency outside of the country in which 
the Index, the Shares or the Debt Instruments or any options or futures contracts in relation to the Index, 
the Shares or the Debt Instruments respectively are traded due to the adoption of, or any change in, any 
applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order, directive or decree of any Government Authority or 
otherwise, or (b) for the Calculation Agent to determine a rate or (in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent) a commercially reasonable rate at which the Local Currency can be exchanged for the Settlement 
Currency for payment under the Securities; 
"Extraordinary External Event" means that, on or after the Trade Date, the performance of the Issuer's 
obligations under the Securities is prevented or materially hindered or delayed due to: 
(a) 
any act (other than a Market Disruption Event), law, rule, regulation, judgment, order, directive, 
interpretation, decree or material legislative or administrative interference of any Government 
Authority or otherwise; or 
(b) 
the occurrence of civil war, disruption, military action, unrest, political insurrection, terrorist 
activity of any kind, riot, public demonstration and/or protest, or any other financial or economic 
reasons or any other causes or impediments beyond such party's control; or 
(c) 
any expropriation, confiscation, requisition, nationalisation or other action taken or threatened 
by any Government Authority that deprives the Issuer or any of its Affiliates, of all or 
substantially all of its assets in the Local Currency jurisdiction;

--- Page 103 ---
- 103 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity" means, following the exercise of Physical Delivery Securities, 
in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, it is impossible or impracticable to deliver, when due, some or 
all of the Relevant Assets (the "Affected Relevant Assets") comprising the Entitlement, where such 
failure to deliver is due to illiquidity in the market for the Relevant Assets; 
"Government Authority" means any nation, state or government, any province or other political 
subdivision thereof, any body, agency or ministry, any taxing, monetary, foreign exchange or other 
authority, court, tribunal or other instrumentality and any other entity exercising, executive, legislative, 
judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government; 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or option contracts it deems necessary to hedge 
the equity price risk or any other relevant price risk including but not limited to the currency risk of the 
Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Securities, or (b) freely realise, recover, 
remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s), asset(s) or futures or options 
contract(s) or any relevant hedge positions relating to the Securities; 
"Hedging Party Default" means any hedging counterparty in respect of the Securities announces its 
inability to meet its financial obligations, ceases its payments or a court in its jurisdiction of incorporation 
opens insolvency proceedings against it and the Issuer or the Guarantor is unable to replace such hedging 
counterparty on terms acceptable to the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be; 
"Hedging Shares" means the number of components comprised in an Index (in the case of Index 
Securities) or the number of Shares (in the case of Share Securities) that the Issuer and/or any of its 
Affiliates deems necessary to hedge the equity or other price risk of entering into and performing its 
obligations with respect to the Securities; 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially 
increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or 
fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) or, in respect of any Debt Securities, any relevant 
hedge positions relating to a Debt Instrument, it deems necessary to hedge the market risk (including, 
without limitation, equity price risk, foreign exchange risk and interest risk) of the Issuer issuing and 
performing its obligations with respect to the Securities, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of 
any such transaction(s) or asset(s) or any such futures or options contract(s) or, in respect of any Debt 
Securities, any relevant hedge positions relating to a Debt Instrument, provided that any such materially 
increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer 
and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging; 
"Increased Cost of Stock Borrow" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a rate 
to borrow any component security comprised in an Index (in the case of Index Securities) or any Share 
(in the case of Share Securities) that is greater than the Initial Stock Loan Rate; 
"Initial Stock Loan Rate" means, in respect of a component security comprised in an Index (in the case 
of Index Securities) or a Share (in the case of Share Securities), the initial stock loan rate specified in 
relation to such Share, security, component or commodity in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Insolvency Filing" means that a Share Company or Basket Company institutes or has instituted against 
it by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory 
jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or 
home office, or it consents to a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other 
relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition 
is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official or it 
consents to such a petition, provided that proceedings instituted or petitions presented by creditors and 
not consented to by the Share Company or Basket Company shall not be deemed an Insolvency Filing; 
"Italian Bail-in Power" means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, or suspension power 
existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or 
requirements in effect in the Republic of Italy, relating to (i) the transposition of the BRRD (in including, 
but not limited to, Legislative Decrees No. 180/2015 and 181/2015) as amended from time to time; and

--- Page 104 ---
- 104 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
(ii) the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of a 
regulated entity (or other affiliate of such regulated entity) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or 
converted into shares, other securities, or other obligations of such regulated entity or any other person 
(or suspended for a temporary period). 
"Jurisdiction Event" means that, on or after the Trade Date, it has become impracticable, illegal or 
impossible for the Issuer or any of its Affiliates to purchase, sell, hold or otherwise deal (or to continue 
to do so in the future) in the Index, the Shares or the Debt Instruments or, unless Hedging Arrangements 
is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, any options or futures contracts in relation 
to the Index, the Shares or the Debt Instruments in order for the Issuer to perform its obligations: 
(a) 
under the Securities; or 
(b) 
unless Hedging Arrangements is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in 
respect of any relevant hedging arrangements in connection with the Securities (including, 
without limitation, any purchase, sale or entry into or holding of one or more securities positions, 
currency positions, stock loan transactions, derivatives position, commodity position or other 
instruments or arrangements (however described) by the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates in 
order to hedge, either individually or on a portfolio basis, the Securities), 
or the costs of so doing would (in the determination of the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner) be materially increased under the restriction or limitation of the 
existing or future law, rule, regulation, judgment, order, interpretation, directive or decree of any 
Government Authority or otherwise; 
"Loss of Stock Borrow" means that the Issuer and/or any Affiliate is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) any component security comprised in an Index 
(in the case of Index Securities) or any Share (in the case of Share Securities) in an amount equal to the 
Hedging Shares at a rate equal to or less than the Maximum Stock Loan Rate; 
"Luxembourg Bail-in Power" means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, or suspension 
power existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules 
or requirements in effect in Luxembourg, (i) relating to the transposition of the BRRD (including, but 
not limited to, the Luxembourg law of 18 December 2015 relative aux mesures de résolution, 
d'assainissement et de liquidation des établissements de crédit et de certaines enterprises 
d'investissement ainsi qu'aux systèmes de garantie des dépôts et d'indemnisation des investisseurs, as 
amended from time to time (the "Luxembourg BRRD Law"), (ii) relating to the SRM Regulation or (iii) 
otherwise arising under Luxembourg law and (iv) in each case, the instruments, rules and standards 
created thereunder, pursuant to which certain eligible liabilities of a regulated entity or other affiliate of 
such regulated entity) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into equity or other types of 
capital instruments of such regulated entity or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period) 
and any right in a contract governing an obligation of a regulated entity may be deemed to have been 
exercised. For this purpose, a reference to a "regulated entity" is to any institution or entity (which 
includes certain credit institutions, investment firms, and certain of their group companies) referred to in 
points (1), (2), (3) or (4) of Article 2(1) of the Luxembourg BRRD Law, and with respect to the SRM 
Regulation to any entity referred to in Article 2 of the SRM Regulation; 
"Maximum Stock Loan Rate" means in respect of a component security comprised in an Index (in the 
case of Index Securities) or a Share (in the case of Share Securities), the Maximum Stock Loan Rate 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Optional Additional Disruption Event" means any of Administrator/Benchmark Event, Cancellation 
Event, Currency Event, Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity, Extraordinary External Event, Hedging Party 
Default, Increased Cost of Hedging, Increased Cost of Stock Borrow, Jurisdiction Event, Insolvency 
Filing, Loss of Stock Borrow, Stop-Loss Event and/or Significant Alteration Event, in each case if 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Relevant Authority" means (i) in respect of Italy, the European Central Bank, the Bank of Italy, or any 
successor authority having responsibility for the prudential supervision of the Issuer or the Group within 
the framework of the Single Supervisory Mechanism set out under Council Regulation (EU) No. 
1024/2013 and in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations and/or, as the context may require,

--- Page 105 ---
- 105 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
the Italian resolution authority, the Single Resolution Board established pursuant to the SRM Regulation, 
and/or any other authority in Italy or in the European Union entitled to exercise or participate in the 
exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power or having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and 
supervision of Mediobanca from time to time; and (ii) in respect of Luxembourg, the Commission de 
Surveillance du Secteur Financier, acting in its capacity as resolution authority within the meaning of 
Article 3(1) of the BRRD, the Single Resolution Board established pursuant to the SRM Regulation, 
and/or any other authority in Luxembourg or in the European Union entitled to exercise or participate in 
the exercise of the Luxembourg Bail-in Power from time to time; 
"Significant Alteration Event" means the occurrence after the Issue Date of any event or combination 
of events or circumstances that are not attributable to the Issuer that significantly alters the economics of 
the Securities compared to the economics as of the Issue Date, but do not render performance of the 
Issuer's obligations under the Securities impossible; 
"SRM Regulation" means the Regulation (EU) No.806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 15 July 2014, establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit 
institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of the Single Supervisory Mechanism and the 
Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No. 1093/2010, as amended or superseded from 
time to time; 
"Stop-Loss Event" means, in respect of a Share, the price of any Share as quoted on the relevant 
Exchange for such Share at the Scheduled Closing Time on any Scheduled Trading Day that is not a 
Disrupted Day in respect of such Share on or after the Trade Date or, if later, the Strike Date, is less than 
5 per cent., or such percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms, of its Strike Price or, if no Strike 
Price is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the price given as the benchmark price for such Share in 
the applicable Final Terms, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Suspension/Withdrawal Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark: 
(i) 
the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body suspends or withdraws or will 
suspend or withdraw any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence 
decision or approval in relation to the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the 
Benchmark which is required under any applicable law or regulation in order for any of the 
Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its obligations in respect of the 
Warrants; or 
(ii) 
the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark is or will be removed from 
any official register where inclusion in such register is or will be required under any applicable 
law in order for any of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its 
obligations in respect of the Warrants. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a Suspension/Withdrawal Event shall not occur if such authorisation, 
registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval is or will be suspended or where 
inclusion in any official register is or will be withdrawn if, at the time of such suspension or withdrawal, 
the continued provision and use of the Benchmark is permitted in respect of the Warrants under the 
applicable law or regulation during the period of such suspension or withdrawal;  
"Trade Date" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; and 
13.2 
If an Additional Disruption Event and/or an Optional Additional Disruption Event are specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms and an Additional Disruption Event and/or an Optional 
Additional Disruption Event occurs (other than in respect of Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity), the 
Issuer may take the action described in (a) or, if applicable, (b) or (c), as the case may be, below: 
 
require the Calculation Agent to determine acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any one or more of any 
Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement and/or the Exercise Price and/or the Weighting and/or 
any of the other terms of these Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to account for the 
Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event and determine the 
effective date of that adjustment. In the case of an Administrator/Benchmark Event, such 
adjustment may, without limitation (i) consist of one or more amendments and/or be made on

--- Page 106 ---
- 106 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
one or more dates, (ii) be determined by reference to any adjustment(s) in respect of the relevant 
event or circumstance in relation to any hedging arrangements in respect of the Securities and 
(iii) include, without limitation, selecting a successor benchmark(s) and making related 
adjustments to the Conditions of the Securities including, where applicable, and unless Unwind 
Costs is specified as not applicable, to reflect any increased costs of the Issuer providing such 
exposure to the successor benchmark(s) and, in the case of more than one successor benchmark, 
making provision for allocation of exposure as between the successor benchmarks, it being 
understood that in any of such circumstances under (i), (ii) and (iii) the Calculation Agent will 
make any determination that is customarily applied in international debt capital markets 
transactions to produce an industry-accepted successor benchmark and/or relevant adjustment 
to such Benchmark; 
 
cancel the Warrants by giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with Security Condition 
8 (Notices). If the Warrants are so cancelled the Issuer will: 
(i) 
if Highest Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will 
on giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with Security Condition 8 (Notices), 
pay to each Securityholder an amount in respect of each Security, or if Units are 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, 
held by such Securityholder calculated and paid on such date determined, in 
accordance with Security Condition 21.1; or 
(ii) 
if Market Value is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will on giving 
notice to Securityholders in accordance with Security Condition 8 (Notices), pay to 
each Securityholder an amount in respect of each Security, or if Units are specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, held by such 
Securityholder calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with 
Security Condition 21.2; or 
(iii) 
otherwise, pay an amount to each Securityholder in respect of each Warrant or, if Units 
are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, held by him 
which amount shall be equal to the fair market value of a Warrant or a Unit, as the case 
may be, taking into account the Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional 
Additional Disruption Event less, unless Unwind Costs is specified as not applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding 
any underlying related hedging arrangements (unless provided for otherwise in the 
relevant Final Terms) plus, if applicable and already paid, the Exercise Price, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, payment being made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Securityholders in accordance with Security Condition 8 (Notices); 
 
in the case of Share Securities linked to a Basket of Shares, the Calculation Agent may adjust 
the Basket of Shares to include a Share selected by it in accordance with the criteria for Share 
selection set out below (each a "Substitute Share") for each Share (each an "Affected Share") 
which is affected by the Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption 
Event and the Substitute Share will be deemed to be a "Share" and the relevant issuer of such 
shares a "Basket Company" for the purposes of the Securities, and the Calculation Agent will 
make such adjustment, if any, to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement 
(where the Securities are Physical Delivery Securities) and/or the Weighting and/or Exercise 
Price and/or any of the other terms of these Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms as the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines 
appropriate, provided that in the event that any amount payable under the Securities was to be 
determined by reference to the initial price of the Affected Share, the initial price of each 
Substitute Share will be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
initial price = A×(B/C) 
where:

--- Page 107 ---
- 107 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"A" is the official closing price of the relevant Substitute Share on the relevant Exchange on the 
Substitution Date; 
"B" is the initial price of the relevant Affected Share; and 
"C" is the official closing price of the relevant Affected Share on the relevant Exchange on the 
Substitution Date. 
Such substitution and the relevant adjustment to the Basket of Shares will be deemed to be 
effective as of the date selected by the Calculation Agent (the "Substitution Date") acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and specified in the notice referred to 
below which may, but need not, be the relevant date of the Additional Disruption Event and/or 
Optional Additional Disruption Event. 
The Weighting of each Substitute Share in the Basket of Shares will be equal to the Weighting 
of the relevant Affected Share. 
In order to be selected as a Substitute Share, the relevant share must be a share which the 
Calculation Agent determines, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner: 
(i) 
is not already included in the Basket of Shares; 
(ii) 
the relevant issuer of such share belongs to the same economic sector as the Basket 
Company in respect of the Affected Share; and 
(iii) 
the relevant issuer of such share has a comparable market capitalisation, international 
standing and exposure as the Basket Company in respect of the Affected Share. 
If a Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity occurs: 
(A) 
subject as provided elsewhere in the Conditions as completed by the applicable Final 
Terms, any Relevant Assets which are not Affected Relevant Assets, will be delivered 
on the originally designated Settlement Date in accordance with Security Condition 
18.3 (Physical Settlement) and the Calculation Agent shall determine acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner the appropriate pro rata portion of the 
Exercise Price to be paid by the relevant Securityholder in respect of that partial 
settlement; and 
(B) 
in respect of any Affected Relevant Assets, in lieu of physical settlement and 
notwithstanding any other provision hereof, the Issuer may elect to satisfy its 
obligations in respect of the relevant Security or if Units are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, Unit, as the case may be, by payment to the relevant Securityholder of 
the Failure to Deliver Settlement Price on the fifth Business Day following the date 
that notice of such election is given to the Securityholders in accordance with Security 
Condition 8 (Notices). Payment of the Failure to Deliver Settlement Price will be made 
in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with Security 
Condition 8 (Notices). 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Failure to Deliver Settlement Price" means, in respect of any relevant Security or if Units are specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, Unit, as the case may be, the fair market value of such Security or Unit, 
as the case may be (taking into account the Relevant Assets comprising the Entitlement which have been 
duly delivered as provided above), less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related 
hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Issuer acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner plus, if applicable and already paid, the Exercise Price (or, whereas provided above 
some Relevant Assets have been delivered, and a pro rata portion thereof has been paid, such pro rata 
portion).

--- Page 108 ---
- 108 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event, if 
the Calculation Agent determines that an adjustment in accordance with the above provisions is necessary 
it shall notify the Issuer thereof as soon as practicable and the Issuer shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with Security Condition 8 (Notices) stating the 
occurrence of the Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event, as the case 
may be, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto provided that any 
failure to give, or non-receipt of, such notice will not affect the validity of the Additional Disruption 
Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event. 
14. 
KNOCK-IN EVENT AND KNOCK-OUT EVENT 
14.1 
If Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then any payment and/or 
delivery, as applicable, under the relevant Securities which is expressed in the Conditions to be subject 
to a Knock-in Event, shall be conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-in Event. 
14.2 
If Knock-out Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then any payment and/or 
delivery, as applicable, under the relevant Securities which is expressed in the Conditions to be subject 
to a Knock-out Event, shall be conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
14.3 
In respect of Index Securities, Share Securities, ETI Securities, Debt Securities and Futures Securities, if 
the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms 
is the Valuation Time and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day (a) 
in respect of Securities other than Debt Securities, at any time during the one hour period that begins or 
ends at the Valuation Time the Level triggers the Knock-in Level or the Knock-out Level, a Trading 
Disruption, Exchange Disruption or Early Closure occurs or exists, or (b) in respect or Debt Securities, 
a Market Disruption Event, as applicable, is occurring, then (i) if Disruption Consequences are specified 
as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event may occur 
notwithstanding such Trading Disruption, Exchange Disruption, Early Closure, or Market Disruption 
Event or (ii) if Disruption Consequences are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event shall be deemed not to have occurred; provided that if, by 
operation of this provision, no Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day would 
occur in the Knock-in Determination Period or Knock-out Determination Period, the Knock-in Period 
Ending Date or Knock-out Period Ending Date shall be treated as a Valuation Date and the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the Level as at the Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time in 
accordance with the provisions contained in the definition of "Valuation Date" for the purposes of 
determining the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event. 
14.4 
In respect of Currency Securities, if the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time 
specified in the applicable Final Terms is the Valuation Time and if any Knock-in Determination Day or 
Knock-out Determination Day is a Disrupted Day, as applicable, then (i) if Disruption Consequences are 
specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event may 
occur notwithstanding such day being a Disrupted Day, as the case may be or (ii) if Disruption 
Consequences are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, such Knock-in Determination 
Day or Knock-out Determination Day will be deemed not to be a Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-
out Determination Day for the purposes of determining the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-
out Event. 
14.5 
In respect of Securities other than Debt Securities, if the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out 
Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms is any time or period of time during the regular 
trading hours on the relevant Exchange and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day and at any time during the one-hour period that begins or ends at the time on which 
the Level triggers the Knock-in Level or the Knock-out Level, (a) in the case of Index Securities, Share 
Securities, ETI Securities and Futures Securities, a Trading Disruption, Exchange Disruption or Early 
Closure, (b) in the case of Currency Securities, a Disruption Event, then (i) if Disruption Consequences 
are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event may 
occur notwithstanding such Trading Disruption, Exchange Disruption, Early Closure, Disruption Event 
or Market Disruption Event or (ii) if Disruption Consequences are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event shall be deemed not to have 
occurred, provided that, in the case of Securities other than Currency Securities, if, by operation of this 
provision, no Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day would occur in the Knock-
in Determination Period or Knock-out Determination Period, the Knock-in Period Ending Date or

--- Page 109 ---
- 109 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
Knock-out Period Ending Date shall be treated as a Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the Level as at the Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time in accordance with 
the provisions contained in the definition of "Valuation Date" for the purposes of determining the 
occurrence of a Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event. 
14.6 
In respect of Debt Securities, if the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified 
in the applicable Final Terms is any time or period of time during the regular trading hours on the 
exchange on which the relevant Debt Instrument is traded or on any exchange on which options contracts 
or futures contracts with respect to such Debt Instrument are traded and if on any Knock-in Determination 
Day or Knock-out Determination Day and at any time at which the Level triggers the Knock-in Level or 
the Knock-out Level, a Market Disruption Event has occurred or is occurring, then (i) if Disruption 
Consequences are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a Knock-in Event or Knock-
out Event may occur notwithstanding such Market Disruption Event or (ii) if Disruption Consequences 
are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event 
shall be deemed not to have occurred, provided that if, by operation of this provision, no Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day would occur in the Knock-in Determination Period 
or Knock-out Determination Period, the Knock-in Period Ending Date or Knock-out Period Ending Date 
shall be treated as a Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent shall determine the Level as at the Knock-
in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time in accordance with the provisions contained in the 
definition of "Valuation Date" for the purposes of determining the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or 
Knock-out Event. 
14.7 
Definitions relating to Knock-in Event/Knock-out Event 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
"Knock-in Determination Day" means (a) each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, (b) 
each Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-in Determination Period, (c) each date specified as such in 
the Knock-in Determination Period, (d) each Fund Business Day in the Knock-in Determination Period, 
(e) each Business Day in the Knock-in Determination Period, (f) each MFP Valuation Date, (g) each 
MFP Valuation Date in MFP Valuation Period or (h) each MFP Valuation Date indicated as such within 
the Knock-in Determination Period; 
"Knock-in Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-in 
Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date; 
"Knock-in Event" means: 
(a) 
if Knock-in Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Knock-in 
Value is; or 
(b) 
if the Securities are Currency Securities and FX Knock-in Valuation is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if FX Coupon Performance is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
that the FX Coupon Performance is; or 
(ii) 
if Performance Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the 
Performance Value is; or 
(c) 
if Knock-in Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms and, if the 
Securities are Currency Securities and unless FX Knock-in Valuation is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
(in respect of a single Underlying Reference) that the Level is; or 
(ii) 
(in respect of a Basket of Underlying References) that the amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values of each Underlying Reference as the 
product of (x) the Level of such Underlying Reference and (y) the relevant Weighting 
is:

--- Page 110 ---
- 110 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
(A) 
"greater than", "greater than or equal to", "less than" or "less than or equal to" 
the Knock-in Level or, if applicable,  
(B) 
"within" the Knock-in Range Level, in each case as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (x) on a Knock-in Determination Day or (y) in respect of a 
Knock-in Determination Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(C) 
"outside" the Knock-in Range Level, in each case as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (x) on a Knock-in Determination Day or (y) in respect 
of a Knock-in Determination Period, specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Knock-in Level" means the FX Knock-in Level or the other level, amount, number or percentage 
specified as such or otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time 
to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in the Relevant Adjustment Provisions; 
"Knock-in Observation Price Source" means the source specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Knock-in Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if the Knock-in Period Beginning Date Day Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day (in the case of Index Securities, Share Securities, 
ETI Securities, Debt Securities or Currency Securities), a Fund Business Day (in the case of Fund 
Securities) or Business Day (in the case of other Securities), the next following Scheduled Trading Day, 
Fund Business Day or Business Day, as the case may be; 
"Knock-in Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
the Knock-in Period Ending Date Day Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day (in the case of Index Securities, Share Securities, ETI 
Securities, Debt Securities or Currency Securities), a Fund Business Day (in the case of Fund Securities) 
or Business Day (in the case of other Securities), the next following Scheduled Trading Day, Fund 
Business Day or Business Day, as the case may be; 
"Knock-in Range Level" means the range of Levels specified as such or otherwise determined in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set 
forth in the Relevant Adjustment Provisions; 
"Knock-in Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-in Determination Day 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final Terms do not 
specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, the Knock-in Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time; 
"Knock-in Value" means the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and Performance 
Definitions for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period Values for MFP Payouts 
and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 
(Average Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for MFP 
Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Knock-out Determination Day" means (a) each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
(b) each Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-out Determination Period, (c) each date specified as such 
in the Knock-out Determination Period, (d) each Fund Business Day in the Knock-out Determination 
Period, (e) each Business Day in the Knock-out Determination Period, (f) each MFP Valuation Date, (g) 
each MFP Valuation Date in MFP Valuation Period or (h) each MFP Valuation Date indicated as such 
within the Knock-out Determination Period; 
"Knock-out Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-
out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date; 
"Knock-out Event" means: 
(a) 
if Knock-out Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Knock-out 
Value is, or

--- Page 111 ---
- 111 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
(b) 
if the Securities are Currency Securities and FX Knock-out Valuation is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if FX Coupon Performance is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
that the FX Coupon Performance is; or 
(ii) 
if Performance Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the 
Performance Value is; or 
(c) 
if Knock-out Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms and, if the 
Securities are Currency Securities and unless FX Knock-out Valuation is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
(in respect of a single Underlying Reference) that the Level is; or 
(ii) 
(in respect of a Basket of Underlying References) that the amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values of each Underlying References as the 
product of (x) the Level of such Underlying Reference and (y) the relevant Weighting 
is, 
(A) 
"greater than", "greater than or equal to", "less than" or "less than or equal to" 
the Knock-out Level or, if applicable,  
(B) 
"within" the Knock-out Range Level, in each case, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (x) on a Knock-out Determination Day or (y) in 
respect of a Knock-out Determination Period, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms;  
(C) 
"outside" the Knock-out Range Level, in each case as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (x) on a Knock-in Determination Day or (y) in respect 
of a Knock-in Determination Period, specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Knock-out Level" means the FX Knock-out Level or other level, amount, number or percentage 
specified as such or otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time 
to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in the Relevant Adjustment Provisions; 
"Knock-out Observation Price Source" means the source specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Knock-out Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if the Knock-out Period Beginning Date Day Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day (in the case of Index Securities, Share Securities, 
ETI Securities, Debt Securities or Currency Securities), a Fund Business Day (in the case of Fund 
Securities) or Business Day (in the case of other Securities), the next following Scheduled Trading Day, 
Fund Business Day or Business Day, as the case may be; 
"Knock-out Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
the Knock-out Period Ending Date Day Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day (in the case of Index Securities, Share Securities, 
ETI Securities, Debt Securities or Currency Securities), a Fund Business Day (in the case of Fund 
Securities) or Business Day (in the case of other Securities), the next following Scheduled Trading Day, 
Fund Business Day or Business Day, as the case may be; 
"Knock-out Range Level" means the range of Levels specified as such or otherwise determined in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set 
forth in the Relevant Adjustment Provisions; 
"Knock-out Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-out Determination Day 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final Terms do not 
specify a Knock-out Valuation Time, the Knock-out Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time;

--- Page 112 ---
- 112 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"Knock-out Value" means the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and Performance 
Definitions for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period Values for MFP Payouts 
and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 
(Average Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for MFP 
Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Level" means, for the purposes of this Security Condition 14.7, (i) the "official level", "official close", 
"last price", "traded price", "bid price" or "asked price" of the Underlying Reference, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, published by the Knock-in Observation Price Source or Knock-out Observation 
Price Source, as applicable, or (ii) if "Standard Level" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms (a) in the case of Share Securities, ETI Securities and Futures Securities, the price of the relevant 
Underlying Reference, (b) in the case of Index Securities, the level of the relevant Underlying Reference 
(c) in the case of Currency Securities, the spot rate of exchange for the exchange of the Alternative 
Currency into the Base Currency (expressed as the number of units (or part units) of such Alternative 
Currency for which one unit of the Base Currency can be exchanged), or, in each case determined by the 
Calculation Agent as of the Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time on any Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, as applicable, or, in the case of the "official close" 
level, at such time as the official close is published by the Knock-in Observation Price Source or Knock-
out Observation Price Source, as applicable; 
"Relevant Adjustment Provisions" means: 
(a) 
in the case of Index Securities, Index Security Condition 2 (Market Disruption) and Index 
Security Condition 3 (Adjustments to an Index); 
(b) 
in the case of Share Securities, Share Security Condition 2 (Market Disruption), Share Security 
Condition 3 (Potential Adjustment Events) and Share Security Condition 5 (Extraordinary 
Events); 
(c) 
in the case of Fund Securities, Fund Security Condition 4 (Consequences of an Extraordinary 
Fund Event); 
(d) 
in the case of ETI Securities, ETI Security Condition 2 (Market Disruption) and ETI Security 
Condition 3 (Potential Adjustment Events); 
(e) 
in the case of Currency Securities, Currency Security Condition 2 (Disruption Events), Currency 
Security Condition 3 (Consequences of a Disruption Event); 
(f) 
in the case of Futures Securities, Futures Security Condition 3 (Adjustments to a Future); 
(g) 
in the case of Debt Securities, Debt Security Condition 3 (Market Disruption) Debt Security 
Condition 4 (Correction of Debt Instrument Price) and Debt Security Condition 5 (Redemption 
or Cancellation of a Debt Instrument); 
"Underlying Reference" means, for the purposes of this Security Condition 14, each Index, Share, ETI 
Interest, Debt Instrument, Fund, Alternative Currency, Future or other basis of reference to which the 
relevant Securities relate. 
15. 
ADJUSTMENTS FOR EUROPEAN MONETARY UNION 
Unless Redenomination is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, 
without the consent of the Securityholders, on giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with 
Security Condition 8 (Notices): 
 
elect that, with effect from the Adjustment Date specified in the notice, certain terms of the 
Securities shall be redenominated in euro. 
The election will have effect as follows:

--- Page 113 ---
- 113 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
(i) 
where the Settlement Currency of the Securities is the National Currency Unit of a 
country which is participating in the third stage of European Economic and Monetary 
Union, such Settlement Currency shall be deemed to be an amount of euro converted 
from the original Settlement Currency into euro at the Established Rate, subject to such 
provisions (if any) as to rounding as the Calculation Agent may decide and as may be 
specified in the notice, and after the Adjustment Date, all payments of the Cash 
Settlement Amount in respect of the Securities will be made solely in euro as though 
references in the Securities to the Settlement Currency were to euro; 
(ii) 
where the Exchange Rate and/or any other terms of these Conditions (as completed in 
the applicable Final Terms) are expressed in or, in the case of the Exchange Rate, 
contemplate the exchange from or into, the currency (the "Original Currency") of a 
country which is participating in the third stage of European Economic and Monetary 
Union, such Exchange Rate and/or any other terms of these Conditions shall be deemed 
to be expressed in or, in the case of the Exchange Rate, converted from or, as the case 
may be into, euro at the Established Rate; and 
(iii) 
such other changes shall be made to these Conditions (as completed in the applicable 
Final Terms) as the relevant Issuer may decide, in its sole and absolute discretion to 
conform them to conventions then applicable to instruments expressed in euro; and/or 
 
require that the Calculation Agent make such adjustments to the Weighting and/or the Exercise 
Price and/or the Settlement Price and/or any other terms of these Conditions and/or the 
applicable Final Terms as the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, may determine to be appropriate to account for the effect of the third stage 
of European Economic and Monetary Union on the Weighting and/or the Exercise Price and/or 
the Settlement Price and/or such other terms of these Conditions and/or the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, none of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor any of their Affiliates, 
the Calculation Agent or any of the Paying Agents shall be liable to any Securityholder or other 
person for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or resulting from the transfer 
of euro or any currency conversion or rounding effected in connection therewith. 
In this Security Condition, the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"Adjustment Date" means a date specified by the relevant Issuer in the notice given to the 
Securityholders pursuant to this Security Condition 15 which falls on or after the date on which 
the country of the Original Currency first participates in the third stage of European Economic 
and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty; 
"Established Rate" means the rate for the conversion of the Original Currency (including 
compliance with rules relating to rounding in accordance with applicable European Union 
regulations) into euro established by the Council of the European Union Article 140 of the 
Treaty; 
"euro" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European Economic and 
Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty; 
"National Currency Unit" means the unit of the currency of a country, as those units are 
defined on the day before the date on which the country of the Original Currency first 
participates in the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union; and 
"Treaty" means the treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
16. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
Subject as provided in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement, the Securities do not confer on any third 
party any rights under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 (the Act) to enforce any term of 
the Securities, but this does not affect any right or remedy of a third party which exists or is available 
apart from the Act.

--- Page 114 ---
- 114 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
17. 
TYPE 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Warrants are American style Warrants ("American 
Style Warrants") or European style Warrants ("European Style Warrants") or such other type as may 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms, whether settlement shall be by way of cash payment ("Cash 
Settled Warrants") or physical delivery ("Physical Delivery Warrants"), in the case of Cash Settled 
Warrants whether non-automatic exercise ("Non-Automatic Exercise") applies to the Warrants, whether 
the Warrants are call Warrants ("Call Warrants") or put Warrants ("Put Warrants"), or such other type 
as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms, whether the Warrants may only be exercised in units 
("Units") and whether Averaging ("Averaging") will apply to the Warrants. If Units are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, Warrants must be exercised in Units and any Exercise Notice which purports to 
exercise Warrants in breach of this provision shall be void and of no effect. 
If the Warrants are Italian Dematerialised Securities, they will be European Style Warrants or American 
Style Warrants and Cash Settlement will apply.  
If the Warrants are Italian Dematerialised Securities and Italian Listed Securities, Non-Automatic 
Exercise shall never apply. 
18. 
EXERCISE RIGHTS 
18.1 
Exercise of Warrants 
 
American Style Warrants 
Subject to Security Condition 19.9 (Automatic Early Expiration), American Style Warrants are 
exercisable on any Exercise Business Day during the Exercise Period. 
Any American Style Warrant with respect to which no Exercise Notice has been delivered in 
the manner set out in Condition 19, at or prior to 10.00 a.m. (Local time) on the Expiration Date 
shall be automatically exercised on the Expiration Date. However, in relation to American Style 
Warrants which are Physical Delivery Warrants, an Exercise Notice is required to be submitted 
in order to obtain delivery of the Entitlement. 
If Non-Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, any American 
Style Warrant with respect to which no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set 
out in Condition 19, at or prior to 10.00 a.m. (Local time) on the Expiration Date, shall become 
void. 
The Exercise Business Day during the Exercise Period on which an Exercise Notice in, or 
substantially in, the form set out in the applicable Final Terms, is delivered by the Securityholder 
prior to 10.00 a.m. (Local Time) to the relevant Clearing System (or, in case of Italian 
Dematerialised Securities, to the Italian Paying Agent), and the copy thereof is received by the 
Fiscal Agent or, if the Warrants are automatically exercised, the Expiration Date, is referred to 
herein as the "Actual Exercise Date". If any Exercise Notice is received by the relevant 
Clearing System (or, in case of Italian Dematerialised Securities, by the Italian Paying Agent), 
or if the copy thereof is received by the Fiscal Agent, in each case, after 10.00 a.m. (Local Time) 
on any Exercise Business Day during the Exercise Period, such Exercise Notice will be deemed 
to have been delivered on the next Exercise Business Day, which Exercise Business Day shall 
be deemed to be the Actual Exercise Date, provided that any such Warrant in respect of which 
no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in Condition 19 at or prior to 10.00 
a.m. (Local Time) on the Expiration Date shall be automatically exercised on the Expiration 
Date as provided above.  
If the Warrants are Italian Dematerialised Securities and Italian Listed Securities, Non-
Automatic Exercise shall never apply and prior to the Renouncement Notice Cut-off Time as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms on the Expiration Date the Securityholder of a Warrant 
may renounce automatic exercise of such Warrant by the delivery or sending by authenticated 
swift message (confirmed in writing) of a duly completed Renouncement Notice (a 
"Renouncement Notice") in, or substantially in, the form set out in the applicable Final Terms 
to the Italian Paying Agent. Once delivered a Renouncement Notice shall be irrevocable. Any

--- Page 115 ---
- 115 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
determination as to whether a Renouncement Notice is duly completed and in proper form shall 
be made by the Italian Paying Agent (in consultation with Monte Titoli) and shall be conclusive 
and binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor, if applicable, and the relevant Securityholder. Subject 
as set out below, any Renouncement Notice so determined to be incomplete or not in proper 
form shall be null and void. If such Renouncement Notice is subsequently corrected to the 
satisfaction of the Italian Paying Agent, it shall be deemed to be a new Renouncement Notice 
submitted at the time such correction was delivered to the Italian Paying Agent.  
 
European Style Warrants 
Subject to Security Condition 19.9 (Automatic Early Expiration), European Style Warrants will 
be automatically exercised on the Exercise Date, subject as provided in the following 
paragraphs. 
No Exercise Notice is required to be submitted for the exercise of the European Style Warrants, 
provided that, in relation to European Style Warrants which are Physical Delivery Warrants, an 
Exercise Notice is required to be submitted in order to obtain delivery of the Entitlement. 
If Non-Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, any European 
Style Warrant with respect to which no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set 
out in Condition 19, at or prior to 10.00 a.m. (Local time) on the Expiration Date, shall become 
void. 
If the Warrants are Italian Dematerialised Securities and Italian Listed Securities, Non-
Automatic Exercise shall never apply and prior to the Renouncement Notice Cut-off Time as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms on the Exercise Date, the Securityholder of a Warrant 
may renounce automatic exercise of such Warrant by the delivery or sending by authenticated 
swift message (confirmed in writing) of a duly completed Renouncement Notice (a 
"Renouncement Notice") in, or substantially in, the form set out in the applicable Final Terms 
to the Italian Paying Agent. Once delivered a Renouncement Notice shall be irrevocable. Any 
determination as to whether a Renouncement Notice is duly completed and in proper form shall 
be made by the Italian Paying Agent (in consultation with Monte Titoli) and shall be conclusive 
and binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor, if applicable, and the relevant Securityholder. Subject 
as set out below, any Renouncement Notice so determined to be incomplete or not in proper 
form shall be null and void. If such Renouncement Notice is subsequently corrected to the 
satisfaction of the Italian Paying Agent, it shall be deemed to be a new Renouncement Notice 
submitted at the time such correction was delivered to the Italian Paying Agent.  
18.2 
Cash Settlement 
If the Warrants are Cash Settled Warrants, each such Warrant or, if Units are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, each Unit entitles its Securityholder, upon due exercise, to receive from the Issuer on the 
Settlement Date the Cash Settlement Amount. 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, Warrants exercised at the same time by the 
same Securityholder will be aggregated for the purpose of determining the aggregate Cash Settlement 
Amounts payable in respect of such Warrants or Units, as the case may be. 
18.3 
Physical Settlement 
If the Warrants are Physical Delivery Warrants, each such Warrant or, if Units are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, entitles its Holder, upon due exercise, to receive 
from the Issuer on the Settlement Date the Entitlement subject to payment of the relevant Exercise Price 
and any other sums payable. The method of delivery of the Entitlement is set out in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, Warrants of the same Securityholder 
automatically exercised and in respect of which an Exercise Notice has been duly given as provided in 
Security Condition 19.1 (Exercise Notice), will be aggregated for the purpose of determining the 
aggregate Entitlements in respect of such Warrants, provided that the aggregate Entitlements in respect 
of the same Securityholder will be rounded down to the nearest whole unit of the Relevant Asset or each

--- Page 116 ---
- 116 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
of the Relevant Assets, as the case may be, in such manner as the Calculation Agent shall determine. 
Therefore, fractions of the Relevant Asset or of each of the Relevant Assets, as the case may be, will not 
be delivered and a cash adjustment amount calculated by the Calculation Agent will be paid in lieu of 
such fractions of the Relevant Asset. Any such cash adjustment amount will be paid to the account 
specified in the relevant Exercise Notice. 
Following exercise of a Share Security or ETI Security which is a Physical Delivery Warrant, all 
dividends on the relevant Shares to be delivered will be payable to the party that would receive such 
dividend according to market practice for a sale of the Shares or ETI Interests executed on the relevant 
Actual Exercise Date and to be delivered in the same manner as such relevant Shares or ETI Interests, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent. Any such dividends to be paid to a Securityholder will be 
paid to the account specified by the Securityholder in the relevant Exercise Notice as referred to in 
Condition 19. 
18.4 
Open End Warrants 
If Open End is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Settlement Date of such Open End 
Warrants will, notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, be the date falling (5) five Business Days 
after the relevant Averaging Date, Observation Date, Strike Date or, as applicable, Valuation Date 
determined by the Issuer, provided that the relevant Averaging Date, Observation Date, Strike Date or 
Valuation Date so-determined by the Issuer is notified to the Securityholders at the latest ten (10) 
Business Days prior to the contemplated date in accordance with Security Condition 8 (Notices). 
If a Warrant is an Open End Warrant, Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event may not be specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms in respect of such Warrant. 
19. 
EXERCISE PROCEDURE 
19.1 
Exercise Notice  
Subject as provided in Condition 19.8, Warrants may be exercised by the delivery, or the sending by 
authenticated swift message (confirmed in writing), of a duly completed exercise notice (an "Exercise 
Notice") in the form set out in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement (copies of which form may be 
obtained from the relevant Clearing System and the relevant Paying Agents during normal office hours) 
to the relevant Clearing System, with a copy to the Fiscal Agent (or, in case of Italian Dematerialised 
Securities, to the Italian Paying Agent) and the relevant Issuer in accordance with the provisions set out 
in Condition 23 and this Condition. 
 
In the case of Cash Settled Warrants, the Exercise Notice shall: 
(i) 
specify the Series number of the Warrants and the number of Warrants being exercised 
and, if Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of Units being 
exercised; 
(ii) 
except in case of Definitive Securities, specify the number of the Securityholder's 
securities account (or of the relevant Monte Titoli Accountholder's account, in case of 
Italian Dematerialised Securities) at the relevant Clearing System to be debited with 
the Warrants; 
(iii) 
except in case of Definitive Securities, irrevocably instruct the relevant Clearing 
System to debit on or before the Settlement Date the Securityholder's securities account 
(or of the relevant Monte Titoli Accountholder's account, in case of Italian 
Dematerialised Securities) with the Warrants being exercised; 
(iv) 
specify the number of the account (or the account of the relevant Monte Titoli 
Accountholder, in case of Italian Dematerialised Securities) at the relevant Clearing 
System to be credited with the Cash Settlement Amount (if any) for each Warrant or 
Unit, as the case may be, being exercised; 
(v) 
include an undertaking to pay all Expenses, and, except in case of Definitive Securities, 
an authority to the relevant Clearing System to deduct an amount in respect thereof

--- Page 117 ---
- 117 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
from any Cash Settlement Amount due to such Securityholder and/or to debit a 
specified account (or the account of the relevant Monte Titoli Accountholder, in case 
of Italian Dematerialised Securities) at the relevant Clearing System; 
(vi) 
certify, inter alia, that the beneficial owner of each Warrant being exercised is not a 
U.S. person (as defined in the Exercise Notice), the Warrant is not being exercised 
within the United States or on behalf of a U.S. person and no cash, securities or other 
property has been or will be delivered within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, a U.S. person in connection with any exercise thereof and, where 
appropriate, undertake to provide such various forms of certification in respect of 
selling restrictions under the securities, commodities and other laws of the United 
States as may be required; and 
(vii) 
authorise the production of such certification in any applicable administrative or legal 
proceedings, 
all as provided in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement. 
 
In the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, the Exercise Notice shall: 
(i) 
specify the series number of the Warrants and the number of Warrants being exercised 
and, if Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of Units being 
exercised; 
(ii) 
except in case of Definitive Securities, specify the number of the Securityholder's 
securities account (or of the relevant Monte Titoli Accountholder's account, in case of 
Italian Dematerialised Securities) at the relevant Clearing System to be debited with 
the Warrants being exercised; 
(iii) 
except in case of Definitive Securities, irrevocably instruct Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or Euroclear and/or any other relevant Clearing System to debit on or before the 
Settlement Date the Securityholder's securities account (or of the relevant Monte Titoli 
Accountholder's account, in case of Italian Dematerialised Securities) with the 
Warrants being exercised or Units, as the case may be, being exercised; 
(iv) 
except in case of Definitive Securities, irrevocably instruct the relevant Clearing to 
debit on the Actual Exercise Date a specified account (or the account of the relevant 
Monte Titoli Accountholder, in case of Italian Dematerialised Securities) with such 
Clearing System with the aggregate Exercise Prices in respect of such Warrants or 
Units, as the case may be (together with any other amounts payable); 
(v) 
include an undertaking to pay all Expenses and, except in case of Definitive Securities, 
an authority to the relevant Clearing System to debit a specified account (or the account 
of the relevant Monte Titoli Accountholder, in case of Italian Dematerialised 
Securities) at the relevant Clearing System in respect thereof and to pay such Expenses; 
(vi) 
include such details as are required by the applicable Final Terms for delivery of the 
Entitlement which may include account details and/or the name and address of any 
person(s) into whose name evidence of the Entitlement is to be registered and/or any 
bank, broker or agent to whom documents evidencing the Entitlement are to be 
delivered and specify the name and the number of the Securityholder's account (or the 
account of the relevant Monte Titoli Accountholder, in case of Italian Dematerialised 
Securities) with the relevant Clearing System to be credited with any cash payable by 
the Issuer, either in respect of any cash amount constituting the Entitlement or any 
dividends relating to the Entitlement or as a result of the occurrence of a Settlement 
Disruption Event or a Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity and the Issuer electing to pay 
the Disruption Cash Settlement Price or Failure to Deliver Cash Settlement Price, as 
applicable, or as a result of the Issuer electing to pay the Alternate Cash Amount; 
(vii) 
in the case of Currency Securities only, specify the number of the account (or the 
account of the relevant Monte Titoli Accountholder, in case of Italian Dematerialised

--- Page 118 ---
- 118 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
Securities) at the relevant Clearing System to be credited with the amount due upon 
exercise of the Warrants or Units, as the case may be; 
(viii) 
certify, inter alia, that the beneficial owner of each Warrant being exercised is not a 
U.S. person (as defined in the Exercise Notice), the Warrant is not being exercised 
within the United States or on behalf of a U.S. person and no cash, securities or other 
property has been or will be delivered within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, a U.S. person in connection with any exercise thereof and, where 
appropriate, undertake to provide such various forms of certification in respect of 
selling restrictions under the securities, commodities and other laws of the United 
States as may be required; and 
(ix) 
authorise the production of such certification in any applicable administrative or legal 
proceedings, 
all as provided in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement. 
19.2 
Verification of the Securityholder 
Except in the case of an Exercise Notice submitted in respect of a Definitive Security, upon receipt of an 
Exercise Notice, the relevant Clearing System(s) shall verify that the person exercising the Warrants 
(including the relevant Monte Titoli Accountholder, in case of Italian Dematerialised Securities) is the 
holder thereof according to the books of the relevant Clearing System(s). Subject thereto, the relevant 
Clearing System(s) will confirm to the Fiscal Agent or the Italian Paying Agent (in case of Italian 
Dematerialised Securities) the series and the number of Warrants being exercised and the account details, 
if applicable, for the payment of the Cash Settlement Amount or, as the case may be, the details for the 
delivery of the Entitlement in respect of each Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, being exercised. Upon 
receipt of such confirmation, the Fiscal Agent or the Italian Paying Agent (in case of Italian 
Dematerialised Securities) will inform the Issuer thereof. The relevant Clearing System(s) will on or 
before Settlement Date debit the account of the relevant Securityholder (or the account of the relevant 
Monte Titoli Accountholder, in case of Italian Dematerialised Securities) with the Warrants being 
exercised and, in the case of Italian Dematerialised Securities, accordingly reduce the number of 
Warrants of the relevant series by the cancellation pro tanto of the Warrants so exercised. If the Warrants 
are American Style Warrants, upon exercise of less than all the Warrants represented by a Global 
Security, the Common Depositary will, on the instructions of, and on behalf of the Fiscal Agent, note 
such exercise on the Schedule to such Global Security and the number of Warrants so constituted shall 
be reduced by the cancellation pro tanto of the Warrants so exercised. 
19.3 
Settlement 
 
Cash Settled Warrants 
If the Warrants are Cash Settled Warrants, the Issuer shall on the Settlement Date pay or cause 
to be paid the Cash Settlement Amount (if any) for each duly exercised Warrant or Unit, as the 
case may be, to the Securityholder's account with the relevant Clearing System(s), or in case of 
Italian Dematerialised Securities, according to the instructions of Monte Titoli, to the accounts 
of the relevant Monte Titoli Accountholder, for value on the Settlement Date, less any Expenses 
not already paid, such payment to be made in accordance with the rules of the relevant Clearing 
System(s). 
In the case of OET Warrants, the Issuer shall confirm to Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (in the case of OET Warrants held through Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg), the Cash Settlement Amount to be paid in respect of each OET Warrants. 
The Issuer's obligations will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the relevant 
Clearing System(s) of the amount so paid or in case of Italian Dematerialised Securities, by 
payment to the relevant Monte Titoli Accountholders indicated by Monte Titoli of the amount 
so paid. With reference to all Securities, excluding the Italian Dematerialised Securities, each 
of the persons shown in the records of the relevant Clearing System(s) as the holder of a 
particular amount of the Warrants must look solely to the relevant Clearing System(s) for his 
share of each such payment.

--- Page 119 ---
- 119 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
Payments will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto in the place of payment. 
 
Physical Delivery Warrants 
Subject as provided in Condition 18.3 and payment of any Expenses with regard to the relevant 
Warrants, the Issuer shall on the Settlement Date deliver, or procure the delivery of, the 
Entitlement for each duly exercised Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, pursuant to the details 
specified in the Exercise Notice. Subject as provided in Condition 23.3, the Entitlement shall 
be delivered and evidenced in such manner as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
With respect to Physical Delivery Warrants, in the event that no valid Exercise Notice has been 
duly delivered at or prior to 10.00 a.m. (Local Time) on the Exercise Date, and provided that 
the relevant Warrants are not Definitive Securities, in which case the provisions of Security 
Condition 19.6 (Settlement provisions for Definitive Securities) will apply, the Issuer shall have 
no obligation to make delivery of the Entitlement in respect of such Security unless and until a 
duly completed Exercise Notice is delivered as provided above. If the duly completed Exercise 
Notice is delivered after 10.00 a.m. (Local Time) on the Exercise Date, delivery of such 
Entitlement shall be made as soon as possible thereafter but not earlier than the Settlement Date.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the relevant holder of a Security shall not be entitled to any 
additional or further payment by reason of the delivery of the Entitlement in respect of such 
Security occurring after the Settlement Date as a result of such Exercise Notice being delivered 
after 10.00 a.m. (Local Time) on the Exercise Date. 
19.4 
Determinations 
Any determination as to whether an Exercise Notice is duly completed and in proper form shall be made 
by Fiscal Agent, or the Italian Paying Agent (in case of Italian Dematerialised Securities) and shall be 
conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor, if any, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent 
and the relevant Securityholder. Subject as set out below, any Exercise Notice so determined to be 
incomplete or not in proper form or which is not duly delivered to the relevant Clearing System(s) and 
copied to the relevant Issuer and the Fiscal Agent or the Italian Paying Agent (in case of Italian 
Dematerialised Securities) (or, in the case of Definitive Securities, which is not duly delivered to the 
relevant Issuer together with the relevant Definitive Securities and copied to the Fiscal Agent) shall be 
null and void. In the case of Italian Dematerialised Warrants, the Italian Security Agent shall use its best 
efforts promptly to notify the Holder submitting an Exercise Notice if, in consultation with Monte Titoli, 
it has determined that such Exercise Notice is incomplete or not in proper form. In the absence of 
negligence or wilful misconduct on its part, none of the Issuer, the Guarantor, if any, the Italian Security 
Agents or Monte Titoli shall be liable to any person with respect to any action taken or omitted to be 
taken by it in connection with such determination or the notification of such determination to a Holder. 
If such Exercise Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of the relevant Clearing System, in 
consultation with the relevant Issuer and the Fiscal Agent or the Italian Paying Agent (in case of Italian 
Dematerialised Securities) (or, in the case of Definitive Securities, to the satisfaction of the relevant 
Issuer in consultation with the Fiscal Agent), it shall be deemed to be a new Exercise Notice submitted 
at the time such correction was delivered to the relevant Clearing System and copied to the relevant 
Issuer and the Fiscal Agent or the Italian Paying Agent (in case of Italian Dematerialised Securities) (or, 
in the case of Definitive Securities, to the relevant Issuer and copied to the Fiscal Agent). 
The relevant Clearing System(s) (or, in the case of Definitive Securities, the relevant Issuer) shall use its 
best efforts promptly to notify the Securityholder (or the relevant Monte Titoli Accountholder, in case of 
Italian Dematerialised Securities) submitting an Exercise Notice if, in consultation with the relevant 
Issuer and/or the Fiscal Agent or the Italian Paying Agent (in case of Italian Dematerialised Securities) 
(as applicable), it has determined that such Exercise Notice is incomplete or not in proper form. In the 
absence of negligence or wilful misconduct on its part, none of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if any), 
the Paying Agents, the relevant Clearing System(s) and the Calculation Agent shall be liable to any 
person with respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in connection with such determination 
or the notification of such determination to a Securityholder.

--- Page 120 ---
- 120 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
19.5 
Delivery of an Exercise Notice 
Delivery of an Exercise Notice shall constitute an irrevocable election by the relevant Securityholder to 
exercise the Warrants specified. After the delivery of such Exercise Notice, such exercising 
Securityholder may not transfer such Warrants. 
19.6 
Settlement provisions for Definitive Securities 
In the event that any Definitive Securities have been issued prior to the Exercise Date, the relevant Issuer 
shall, on or prior to the Exercise Date, notify Securityholders in accordance with Security Condition 8 
(Notices) of the procedure to be followed in order to receive any Cash Settlement Amount that may be 
payable upon exercise of the Warrants. 
19.7 
Automatic Exercise 
 
This Condition only applies if Non-Automatic Exercise is specified as not applying in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
Except for Physical Delivery Warrants, no Exercise Notice is required to be submitted or any 
other action required to be taken by any relevant Securityholder of a Warrant in order to receive 
the Cash Settlement Amount in respect of such Warrant, or if Units are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, a Unit, as the case may be. In case of American Style Warrants, the 
Securityholder may exercise the Warrants during the Exercise Period, but if no Exercise Notice 
has been delivered, the Warrants shall be automatically exercised on the Expiration Date. The 
Issuer shall transfer or cause to be transferred to each Clearing System through which such 
Warrants are held an amount equal to the aggregate of the Cash Settlement Amounts in respect 
of the Warrants held in each such Clearing System and each such Clearing System shall, subject 
to having received such aggregate Cash Settlement Amount, on the Settlement Date credit the 
account of each Holder of such Warrant(s) in its books with an amount equal to the aggregate 
Cash Settlement Amount relating to the Warrant(s) held by such Securityholder and on or before 
the Settlement Date debit such account with the number of Warrants exercised and in respect of 
which such Cash Settlement Amount is being paid. Neither the Issuer nor, if applicable, the 
Guarantor shall have any responsibility for the crediting by the relevant Clearing System of any 
such amounts to any such accounts. 
 
In the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, no Exercise Notice is required to be submitted or any 
other action required to be taken by any relevant Securityholder of a Warrant for the exercise 
of such Warrant, or if Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, a Unit, as the case may 
be. However, an Exercise Notice is required to be submitted in order to obtain delivery of the 
Entitlement subject to Security Condition 19.3(b). 
19.8 
Exercise Risk 
Exercise of the Warrants is subject to all applicable laws, regulations and practices in force on the 
relevant Exercise Date and none of the Issuer, the Guarantor, if any, or any of their Affiliates, the Paying 
Agents and the Calculation Agent shall incur any liability whatsoever if it is unable to effect the 
transactions contemplated, after using all reasonable efforts, as a result of any such laws, regulations or 
practices. None of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, if any, or any of their Affiliates, the Paying Agents 
and the Calculation Agent shall, to the extent permitted by applicable law, under any circumstances be 
liable for any acts or defaults of the relevant Clearing System in relation to the performance of its duties 
in relation to the Warrants. 
19.9 
Automatic Early Expiration 
This Security Condition 19.9 applies to Index Securities, Share Securities, Debt Securities, ETI 
Securities, Currency Securities, Futures Securities, Fund Securities and, if FI Underlying Automatic 
Early Expiration Payout is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, Underlying Interest Rate 
Securities only. 
 
If Automatic Early Expiration is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then 
unless previously exercised or cancelled, if on (i) any Automatic Early Expiration Valuation

--- Page 121 ---
- 121 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
Date (the "Relevant Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date") or (ii) in respect of an 
Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, an 
Automatic Early Expiration Event occurs, then the Warrants will be automatically cancelled in 
whole, but not in part, and on the Automatic Early Expiration Date each Warrant will entitle its 
holder to receive from the Issuer the relevant Automatic Early Expiration Amount or, in case of 
Physical Delivery Securities, the Early Expiration Entitlement, as the case may be, less any 
Expenses not already paid. 
 
Notwithstanding Security Condition 19.9(a), an Automatic Early Expiration Event 1 may only 
occur on an AES 1 Expiration Valuation Date or in respect of an AES 1 Expiration Valuation 
Period and an Automatic Early Expiration Event 2 may only occur on an AES 2 Expiration 
Valuation Date or in respect of an AES 2 Expiration Valuation Period. 
 
Definitions relating to Automatic Early Expiration: 
"AES Event 1 Underlying(s)" means the Underlying Reference or each Underlying Reference 
comprising the Basket, in each case specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"AES Event 2 Underlying(s)" means the Underlying References or each Underlying Reference 
comprising the Basket, in each case specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"AES Knock-out" means the occurrence (such date of occurrence, the AES Knock-out Date) 
of a Knock-out Event and/or a Knock-in Event as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"AES Margin" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
"AES Range Level" means the range of levels, amounts, numbers or percentages specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with 
the provisions set forth in the Relevant Adjustment Provisions, as applicable; 
"AES Range Level 1" means the range of levels, amounts, numbers or percentages specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with 
the provisions set forth in the Relevant Adjustment Provisions, as applicable; 
"AES Range Level 2" means the range of levels, amounts, numbers or percentages specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with 
the provisions set forth in the Relevant Adjustment Provisions, as applicable; 
"AES Rate(s)" means the rate(s) specified as such or determined in the manner set out in the 
applicable Final Terms with reference to each Automatic Early Expiration Date; 
"Automatic Early Expiration Amount" means an amount equal to the Automatic Early 
Expiration Payout set out in the applicable Final Terms provided that if the Automatic Early 
Expiration Payout is zero, no amount shall be payable on settlement of the Warrant pursuant to 
this Security Condition. If the Automatic Early Expiration Amount is not an amount in the 
Settlement Currency specified in the applicable Final Terms, it will be converted into the 
Settlement Currency at the Exchange Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Automatic Early Expiration Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, or if such date is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day, and no 
Securityholder shall be entitled to any interest or further payment in respect of such delay; 
"Automatic Early Expiration Event" means: 
(a) 
if FI Underlying Automatic Early Expiration Payout is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, that: 
(i) 
(in respect of an Underlying Reference (other than an Alternative Currency)) 
the Underlying Reference Level is; or

--- Page 122 ---
- 122 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
(ii) 
(in respect of an Alternative Currency), the FX Coupon Performance 
determined by the Calculation Agent is 
equal to or greater than the Automatic Early Expiration Level 1 and less than or equal 
to the Automatic Early Expiration Level 2; 
(b) 
if Standard Automatic Early Expiration and MFP AES Valuation are specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that: 
(i) 
the MFP AES Value 1 in respect of the AES Event 1 Underlying(s) is (aa) 
"greater than", (bb) "greater than or equal to", (cc) "less than", (dd) "less than 
or equal to" the Automatic Early Expiration Level 1, or (ee) "within" the AES 
Range Level, or (ff) "outside" the AES Range Level 1, all as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (the "Automatic Early Expiration Event 1"); and/or 
(as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
(ii) 
if Automatic Early Expiration Event 2 is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the MFP AES Value 2 in respect of the AES Event 2 
Underlying(s) is (aa) "greater than", (bb) "greater than or equal to", (cc) "less 
than", (dd) "less than or equal to" the Automatic Early Expiration Level 2 or 
(ee) "within" the AES Range Level, (ff) "outside" the AES Range Level 2, all 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Automatic Early Expiration 
Event 2"); 
(c) 
if Standard Automatic Early Expiration is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms and MFP AES Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms that: 
(i) 
(A) if AES Event 1 Basket is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Underlying Reference Level 1 or (B) if AES Event 1 Basket 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Basket Price 1 is, 
(aa) "greater than", (bb) "greater than or equal to", (cc) "less than", (dd) "less 
than or equal to" or (ee) "within" the AES Range Level, (ff) "outside" the 
AES Range Level 1, the Automatic Early Expiration Level 1, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms (the "Automatic Early Expiration Event 1"); 
and/or (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
(ii) 
if Automatic Early Expiration Event 2 is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms (A) if AES Event 2 Basket is specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Underlying Reference Level 2 
or (B) if AES Event 2 Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Basket Price 2 is, (aa) "greater than", (bb) "greater than or equal 
to", (cc) "less than", (dd) "less than or equal to" or (ee) "within" the AES 
Range Level, (ff) "outside" the AES Range Level 2, the Automatic Early 
Expiration Level 2, as specified in the applicable Final Terms (the 
"Automatic Early Expiration Event 2"); 
(d) 
if Single Standard Automatic Early Expiration and MFP AES Valuation are specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the MFP AES Value is (aa) "greater 
than", (bb) "greater than or equal to", (cc) "less than", (dd) "less than or equal to" or 
(ee) "within" the AES Range Level, (ff) "outside" the AES Range Level, the Automatic 
Early Expiration Level, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(e) 
if Single Standard Automatic Early Expiration is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and MFP AES Valuation is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms that (A) in the case of a single Underlying Reference, the 
Underlying Reference Level or (B) in the case of a Basket of Underlying References, 
the Basket Price is, (aa) "greater than", (bb) "greater than or equal to", (cc) "less than" 
(dd) "less than or equal to" or (ee) "within" the AES Range Level, (ff) "outside" the 
AES Range Level, the Automatic Early Expiration Level as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms;

--- Page 123 ---
- 123 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
(f) 
if AES Knock-out is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an AES Knock-out 
occurs; 
(g) 
if Leveraged Automatic Early Expiration is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms that the Reference Level is, (aa) "greater than", (bb) "greater than or equal 
to", (cc) "less than" or (dd) "less than or equal to" the Leveraged Barrier, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; or 
"Automatic Early Expiration Level" means the level, amount, number or percentage specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance 
with the provisions set forth in the Relevant Adjustment Provisions, as applicable; 
"Automatic Early Expiration Level 1" means the level, amount, number or percentage 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in 
accordance with the provisions set forth in the Relevant Adjustment Provisions, as applicable; 
"Automatic Early Expiration Level 2" means the level, amount, number or percentage 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in 
accordance with the provisions set forth in the Relevant Adjustment Provisions, as applicable; 
"Automatic Early Expiration Percentage(s)" means the percentage(s) specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms with reference to each Automatic Early Expiration Date; 
"Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date" means (i) the AES Knock-out Date or (ii) each 
date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (including the AES 1 Expiration Valuation 
Date and AES 2 Expiration Valuation Date (if any)) or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading 
Day (in the case of Index Securities, Share Securities, Debt Securities or ETI Securities), a Fund 
Business Day (in the case of Fund Securities) or Business Day (in the case of other Securities), 
as applicable, the next following Scheduled Trading Day, Fund Business Day or Business Day, 
as applicable, unless, in the case of Index Securities, Share Securities, Debt Securities or ETI 
Securities, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day (in the case 
of Index Securities, Share Securities, Debt Securities or ETI Securities). If any such day is a 
Disrupted Day, or a day on which a Market Disruption Event is occurring, as applicable, then 
the corresponding provisions in the definition of "Valuation Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis 
as if references in such provisions to "Valuation Date" were to "Automatic Early Expiration 
Valuation Date", then the provisions of "Pricing Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if 
references in such provision to "Pricing Date" were to "Automatic Early Expiration Valuation 
Date". For the purposes of the Relevant Adjustment Provisions, any references to "Valuation 
Date" shall be deemed to refer to the "Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date"; 
"Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Period" means the period (including the AES 1 
Expiration Valuation Period and AES 2 Expiration Valuation Period (if any)) specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Basket of Underlying References" means, for the purposes of this Security Condition 19.9, 
the Basket of Indices, Basket of Shares, ETI Basket, Basket of Debt Instruments, Basket of 
Futures, Fund Basket or other basis of reference to which the value of the relevant Securities 
may relate, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Basket Price" means, in respect of any Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values for each Underlying 
References comprising the Basket as the product of (a) the Underlying Reference Level of such 
Underlying References comprising the Basket on such Automatic Early Expiration Valuation 
Date and (b) the relevant Weighting; 
"Basket Price 1" means, in respect of any AES 1 Expiration Valuation Date, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values for each AES Event 1 
Underlying comprising the Basket as the product of (a) the Underlying Reference Level 1 of

--- Page 124 ---
- 124 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
such AES Event 1 Underlying on such AES 1 Expiration Valuation Date and (b) the relevant 
Weighting; 
"Basket Price 2" means, in respect of any AES 2 Expiration Valuation Date, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values for each AES Event 2 
Underlying comprising the Basket as the product of (a) the Underlying Reference Level 2 of 
such AES Event 2 Underlying on such AES 2 Expiration Valuation Date and (b) the relevant 
Weighting; 
"Early Expiration Entitlement" means, in relation to a Physical Delivery Security, and an 
Underlying Reference or, as the case may be, a Component, the quantity of the Relevant Asset 
or the Relevant Assets, as the case may be, which a Securityholder is entitled to receive on the 
Automatic Early Expiration Date in respect of each such Warrant following payment of any 
sums payable and Expenses rounded down as provided in Security Condition 18.3 (Physical 
Settlement), as determined by the Calculation Agent including any documents evidencing such 
Entitlement, specified in the applicable Final Terms or in accordance with the following: 
(a) 
the Entitlement Units; multiplied by 
(b) 
the Entitlement Multiplier; multiplied by 
(c) 
in respect of any Underlying Reference constituted by a Basket, the relevant 
Weighting; 
"Entitlement Units" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Entitlement Multiplier" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Leveraged Barrier" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Maximum AES Reference Rate" is the rate specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Minimum AES Reference Rate" is the rate specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Multiple Underlying Interest Rate Gearing" means, in respect of an Underlying Interest 
Rate(i) specified in the applicable Final Terms as a Multiple Underlying Component Rate, the 
number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Multiple Underlying Reference Rate" means, in respect of an Underlying Interest Rate(i) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as a Multiple Underlying Component Rate, the 
Underlying Reference Rate determined in respect of such Underlying Interest Rate; 
"Multiple Underlying Reference Rate Value" means the value calculated in accordance with 
the following formula: 
 
"Observation Price Source" means the source specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reference Level" means the value calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Reference Level0 × (1 + Participation Factor × (Fund Levelt - Fund Level0 ) / Fund 
Level0 - (Participation Factor-1) × Feest) 
where: 
"Reference Level0" means the number (expressed as a percentage) specified in the 
Final Terms. 
 Multiple Underlying Interest Rate Gearing(𝑖)
𝑛
𝑖=1
 × Multiple Underlying Reference Rate(𝑖)

--- Page 125 ---
- 125 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"Fund Level0" means the Settlement Price of the relevant Underlying Reference(s) as 
of the Fixing Date. 
"Fund Levelt" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date, the 
Settlement Price of the relevant Underlying Reference(s) as of the Calculation Date 
immediately preceding such Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date. 
"Fixing Date" means the Calculation Date immediately preceding the First Calculation 
Date. 
"Calculation Date" means each day which is a Fund Business Day. 
"First Calculation Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Feest" means the cumulative leverage fee, expressed as a percentage and calculated 
by the Calculation Agent as the aggregate sum of the Fees Accrued during each Fees 
Accrual Period. 
"Fees Accrued" means, in respect of a Fee Accrual Period, the fees accrued during 
such period, expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Calculation Agent as 
follows: 
(Fee ISDA Rate + Fee Margin) × Day Count Fraction 
"Fee ISDA Rate" means the floating rate determined according to the ISDA 
Determination under Underlying Interest Rate Security Condition 2 (ISDA 
Determination) (which shall be applicable with respect to this definition only) as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Fee Margin" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Fee Accrual Period(s)" means the periods commencing on (and including) the Fee 
Accrual Commencing Date up to (but excluding) the first Fee Accrual Date and each 
subsequent period commencing on (and including) a Fee Accrual Date up to (but 
excluding) the next following Fee Accrual Date. For the purposes of this Security 
Condition 19.9 (Automatic Early Expiration) and in relation to an Automatic Early 
Expiration Valuation Date, the last Fee Accrual Period shall be deemed to end (but 
exclude) on the Calculation Date immediately preceding such Automatic Early 
Expiration Valuation Date. 
"Fee Accrual Commencing Date" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Fee Accrual Date(s)" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Participation Factor" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Day Count Fraction" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Relevant Adjustment Provisions" means: 
(a) 
in the case of Index Securities, Index Security Condition 2 (Market Disruption) and 
Index Security Condition 3 (Adjustments to an Index); 
(b) 
in the case of Share Securities, Share Security Condition 2 (Market Disruption), Share 
Security Condition 3 (Potential Adjustment Events) and Share Security Condition 5 
(Extraordinary Events); 
(c) 
in the case of ETI Securities, ETI Security Condition 2 (Market Disruption) and ETI 
Security Condition 3 (Potential Adjustment Events);

--- Page 126 ---
- 126 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
(d) 
in the case of Currency Securities, Currency Security Condition 2 (Disruption Events), 
Currency Security Condition 3 (Consequences of a Disruption Event); 
(e) 
in the case of Fund Securities, Fund Security Condition 4 (Consequences of an 
Extraordinary Fund Event); 
(f) 
in the case of Futures Securities, Futures Security Condition 3 (Adjustments to a 
Future); and 
(g) 
in the case of Debt Securities, Debt Security Condition 3 (Market Disruption), Debt 
Security Condition 4 (Correction of Debt Instrument Price) and Debt Security 
Condition 5 (Redemption or Cancellation of a Debt Intrument); 
"MFP AES Value" means the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and 
Performance Definitions for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period 
Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values for MFP 
Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement 
Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"MFP AES Value 1" means the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and 
Performance Definitions for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period 
Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values for MFP 
Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement 
Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"MFP AES Value 2" means the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and 
Performance Definitions for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period 
Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values for MFP 
Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement 
Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Underlying Reference" means, for the purposes of this Security Condition 19.9 each Index, 
Share, Debt Instrument, ETI Interest, Alternative Currency, Future, Fund, Underlying Interest 
Rate or other basis of reference to which the relevant Securities relate. If two or more 
Underlying Interest Rates are specified in the applicable Final Terms as Multiple Underlying 
Component Rates each Underlying Interest Rate(i) specified as such (together the "Multiple 
Underlying Interest Rate") will be calculated separately and independently but for the 
purposes of this Security Condition 19.9 and the Underlying Interest Rate Security Conditions 
shall be deemed to together constitute an Underlying Reference; 
"Underlying Reference Level" means, in respect of any Automatic Early Expiration Valuation 
Date, (i) "official level", "official close", "last price", "bid price" or "asked price" of the 
Underlying Reference or the Italian Securities Reference Price, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms published by the Observation Price Source specified in the Final Terms or (ii) if 
Standard Price is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms (a) in the case of Share 
Securities, ETI Securities and Futures Securities, the price of the relevant Underlying 
Reference, (b) in the case of Index Securities, the level of the relevant Underlying Reference, 
(c) in the case of Currency Securities, the spot rate of exchange for the exchange of the 
Alternative Currency into the Base Currency (expressed as the number of units (or part units) 
of such Alternative Currency for which one unit of the Base Currency can be exchanged), (d) 
in the case of an Inflation Index, the Relevant Level, (e) in the case of an Underlying Interest 
Rate, the Underlying Reference Rate, or (f) if FI Underlying Automatic Early Expiration Payout 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and Multiple Underlying Interest Rate 
is specified as applicable, the Multiple Underlying Reference Rate Value, in each case, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Time on 
such Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date or, in the case of the "official close" level, at 
such time on such Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date as the "official close" level is 
published by the Observation Price Source;

--- Page 127 ---
- 127 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"Underlying Reference Level 1" means, in respect of any AES 1 Expiration Valuation Date, 
(i) if Standard Price is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, (a) in the case of 
Share Securities, ETI Securities and Futures Securities, the price of the relevant AES Event 1 
Underlying, (b) in the case of Index Securities, the level of the relevant AES Event 1 
Underlying, (c) in the case of Currency Securities, the spot rate of exchange for the exchange 
of the Alternative Currency into the Base Currency (expressed as the number of units (or part 
units) of such Alternative Currency for which one unit of the Base Currency can be exchanged), 
or (d) in the case of an Inflation Index, the Relevant Level, or (e) in the case of an Underlying 
Interest Rate, the Underlying Reference Rate, in each case, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent as of the Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Time on such AES 1 Expiration 
Valuation Date or (ii) in the case of Debt Securities or Currency Securities to which Futures 
Price Valuation applies, the "last price" of the relevant AES Event 1 Underlying published by 
the Observation Price Source specified for such AES Event 1 Underlying;  
"Underlying Reference Level 2" means, in respect of any AES 2 Expiration Valuation Date, 
(i) if Standard Price is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, (a) in the case of 
Share Securities, ETI Securities and Futures Securities, the price of the relevant AES Event 2 
Underlying, (b) in the case of Index Securities, the level of the relevant AES Event 2 
Underlying, (c) in the case of Currency Securities, the spot rate of exchange for the exchange 
of the Alternative Currency into the Base Currency (expressed as the number of units (or part 
units) of such Alternative Currency for which one unit of the Base Currency can be exchanged), 
or (d) in the case of an Inflation Index, the Relevant Level, or (e) in the case of an Underlying 
Interest Rate, the Underlying Reference Rate, in each case, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent as of the Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Time on such AES 2 Expiration 
Valuation Date or (ii) in the case of Debt Securities or Currency Securities to which Futures 
Price Valuation applies, the "last price" of the relevant AES Event 2 Underlying published by 
the Observation Price Source specified for such AES Event 2 Underlying; and 
“Underlying Reference Rate” means the underlying reference rate specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 
AES Rate Determination 
(i) 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that the AES Rate is determined by reference 
to a Screen Rate, the AES Rate will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the AES Reference Rate(s) which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the AES Screen Page (or such replacement 
page on that service which displays the information) as at the AES Specified Time 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms (which will be 11.00 a.m., Brussels time, in the 
case of EURIBOR) (the "Screen Page AES Rate") on the AES Reference Rate 
Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the AES Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or 
more of such offered quotations are available on the AES Screen Page, the highest (or, 
if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the 
lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) 
shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations.  
If the AES Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of sub-paragraph (i)(A), no 
offered quotation appears on the AES Screen Page (or such replacement page on that 
service which displays the information) or, in the case of sub-paragraph (i)(B), fewer 
than three offered quotations appear on the AES Screen Page (or such replacement 
page on that service which displays the information), in each case as at the AES 
Specified Time, except as provided in paragraph (iii) below, the Calculation Agent 
shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its

--- Page 128 ---
- 128 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the AES Reference 
Rate at the AES Specified Time on the AES Reference Rate Determination Date in 
question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with 
offered quotations, the AES Rate shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to 
the nearest 0.001 with 0.0005 being rounded upwards) of the relevant quotations, 
eliminating - except in case only two Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
with offered quotations - the highest quotation (or in the event that two or more 
quotations are identical, one of the highest) and the lowest (or in the event that two or 
more quotations are identical, one of the lowest) plus or minus (as appropriate) the 
AES Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any AES Reference Rate Determination Date one only or none of the Reference 
Banks provides the Calculation Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the 
preceding paragraph, the AES Rate shall be the rate per annum which the Calculation 
Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the nearest 
0.001, with 0.0005 being rounded upwards) of the rates per annum, as communicated 
to the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which 
such banks were offered, at the AES Specified Time on the relevant AES Reference 
Rate Determination Date, deposits in the Settlement Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the AES Reference Rate by leading banks in the inter-
bank market plus or minus (as appropriate) the AES Margin (if any). 
If fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with offered 
rates, the AES Rate shall be offered rate for deposits in the Settlement Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the AES Reference Rate, or the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the 
Settlement Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
AES Reference Rate, at which, at the AES Specified Time on the relevant AES 
Reference Rate Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is 
or are in the opinion of the Calculation Agent suitable for the purpose) informs the 
Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the inter-bank market applicable to 
the AES Reference Rate (which will be the Euro-zone inter-bank market, if the AES 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the AES Margin (if any) 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If the AES Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of 
this paragraph, the Calculation Agent shall determine the AES Rate from such 
source(s) as acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner may select, 
except that if the Calculation Agent determines that the absence of the quotation is due 
to the discontinuation of the Screen Page AES Rate or the occurrence of a Reference 
Rate Fallback Event, then the AES Reference Rate will be determined in accordance 
with paragraph below. 
(ii) 
In relation to any Screen Page Underlying Reference Rate or AES Reference Rate, as 
applicable, any of the following, as determined by the Calculation Agent, constitutes a 
"Reference Rate Fallback Event": 
(1) the Screen Page Underlying Reference Rate or AES Reference Rate, as 
applicable, ceasing to exist or ceasing to be published for a period of at least six 
(6) consecutive Business Days or having been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; 
(2) the making of a public statement or publication of information (provided that, 
at the time of any such event, there is no successor administrator that will 
provide the Screen Page Underlying Reference Rate or AES Reference Rate, as 
applicable) by or on behalf of (i) the administrator of the Screen Page 
Underlying Reference Rate or AES Reference Rate, as applicable, or (ii) the 
supervisor, insolvency official, resolution authority, central bank or competent 
court having jurisdiction over such administrator stating that (x) the 
administrator has ceased or will cease permanently or indefinitely to provide the 
Screen Page Underlying Reference Rate or AES Reference Rate, as applicable,

--- Page 129 ---
- 129 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
(y) the Screen Page Underlying Reference Rate or AES Reference Rate, as 
applicable, has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued, or (z) 
the Screen Page Underlying Reference Rate or AES Reference Rate, as 
applicable, has been or will be prohibited from being used or that its use has 
been or will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally, 
or in respect of the Securities, provided that, if such public statement or 
publication mentions that the event or circumstance referred to in (x), (y) or (z) 
above will occur on a date falling later than three (3) months after the relevant 
public statement or publication, the Reference Rate Fallback Event shall be 
deemed to occur on the date falling three months prior to such specified date 
(and not the date of the relevant public statement); 
(3) the making of a public statement or publication of information that any 
authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, 
approval or inclusion in any official register in respect of the Screen Page 
Underlying Reference Rate or AES Reference Rate, as applicable, or the 
administrator of the Screen Page Underlying Reference Rate or AES Reference 
Rate, as applicable, has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will 
be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant competent 
authority or other relevant official body, in each case with the effect that the use 
of the Screen Page Underlying Reference Rate or AES Reference Rate, as 
applicable, is not or will not be permitted under any applicable law or regulation, 
such that the Calculation Agent or any other party responsible for determining 
the Screen Page Underlying Reference Rate or AES Reference Rate, as 
applicable, is unable to perform its obligations in respect of the Securities. 
A change in the methodology of the Screen Page Underlying Reference Rate or AES 
Reference Rate, as applicable, shall not, absent the occurrence of one of the above, be 
deemed a Reference Rate Fallback Event. 
(iii) 
If the Calculation Agent determines at any time prior to any AES Reference Rate 
Determination Date, that the Screen Page AES Rate has been discontinued or a 
Reference Rate Fallback Event has occurred, the Calculation Agent will use, as a 
substitute for the Screen Page AES Rate, the alternative reference rate selected by the 
central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution (including any 
committee or working group thereof) in the jurisdiction or region of the currency of 
the relevant rate (each a "Relevant Nominating Body") that is consistent with industry 
accepted standards, provided that if two or more alternative reference rates are selected 
by any Relevant Nominating Body, the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
shall determine which of those alternative reference rates is most appropriate to 
preserve the economic features of the relevant Securities. If the Calculation Agent 
notifies the Issuer that it is unable to determine such an alternative reference rate, the 
Calculation Agent will as soon as reasonably practicable (and in any event before the 
Business Day prior to the applicable AES Reference Rate Determination Date) appoint 
an agent (the "Reference Rate Determination Agent"), which will determine whether 
a substitute or successor rate, which is substantially comparable to the Screen Page 
AES Rate, is available for the purpose of determining the AES Reference Rate on each 
AES Reference Rate Determination Date falling on or after the date of such 
determination. If the Reference Rate Determination Agent determines that there is an 
industry accepted successor rate, the Reference Rate Determination Agent will notify 
the Issuer of such successor rate to be used by the Calculation Agent to determine the 
AES Rate. 
If the Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, has 
determined a substitute or successor rate in accordance with the foregoing paragraph 
(such rate, the "Replacement AES Reference Rate"), for the purpose of determining 
the AES Reference Rate on each AES Reference Rate Determination Date falling on 
or after such determination: 
(A) 
the Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, will also determine the changes (if any) required to the applicable

--- Page 130 ---
- 130 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
Business Day Convention, the definition of Business Day, the AES Reference 
Rate Determination Date, the Day Count Fraction, and any method for 
obtaining the Replacement AES Reference Rate, including any adjustment 
needed to make such Replacement AES Reference Rate comparable to the 
Screen Page AES Rate, in each case acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner that is consistent with industry-accepted 
practices for such Replacement AES Reference Rate; 
(B) 
references to the AES Reference Rate in these Conditions will be deemed to 
be references to the relevant Replacement AES Reference Rate, including any 
alternative method for determining such rate as described in above; 
(C) 
the Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, will notify the Issuer of the Replacement AES Reference Rate, 
and the details described in above, as soon as reasonably practicable; and 
(D) 
the Issuer will give notice to the Holders Security Condition 8 (Notices) and 
the Calculation Agent of the Replacement AES Reference Rate, and the 
details described in above as soon as reasonably practicable but in any event 
no later than 5:00 p.m. (London time) on the Business Day prior to the 
applicable AES Reference Rate Determination Date. 
The determination of the Replacement AES Reference Rate and the other matters 
referred to above by the Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, 
as applicable, will (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer, 
the Calculation Agent and the Holders, unless the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or the 
Reference Rate Determination Agent determines at a later date that the Replacement 
AES Reference Rate is no longer substantially comparable to the AES Reference Rate 
or does not constitute an industry accepted successor rate, in which case the 
Calculation Agent shall appoint or re-appoint a Reference Rate Determination Agent, 
as the case may be (which may or may not be the same entity as the original Reference 
Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent) for the purpose of confirming the 
Replacement AES Reference Rate or determining a substitute Replacement AES 
Reference Rate in an identical manner as described in this paragraph (ii). If the 
Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, is unable 
to or otherwise does not determine a substitute Replacement AES Reference Rate, then 
the Replacement AES Reference Rate will remain unchanged. 
The Reference Rate Determination Agent may be (x) a leading bank, broker-dealer or 
benchmark agent in the principal financial centre of the relevant rate as appointed by 
the Calculation Agent, (y) the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) or (z) an affiliate 
of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) or the Calculation Agent. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum AES Reference Rate then, in the 
event that the AES Reference Rate determined in accordance with the above provisions 
is less than such Minimum AES Reference Rate, the AES Rate shall be such Minimum 
AES Reference Rate. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum AES Reference Rate then, in the 
event that the AES Reference Rate determined in accordance with the above provisions 
is greater than such Maximum AES Reference Rate, the AES Rate shall be such 
Maximum AES Reference Rate. 
If the relevant Reference Rate Fallback Event may also constitute an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event in the determination of the Calculation Agent 
pursuant to Security Condition 13.1, the provisions of this Condition 19.9(d) will 
apply.

--- Page 131 ---
- 131 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
20. 
MINIMUM AND MAXIMUM NUMBER OF WARRANTS EXERCISABLE 
20.1 
American Style Warrants 
This Condition 20.1 applies only to American Style Warrants. 
 
The number of Warrants exercisable by any Securityholder on any Actual Exercise Date or, in 
the case of automatic exercise, the number of Warrants held by any Securityholder on any 
Actual Exercise Date, in each case as determined by the Issuer, must not be less than the 
Minimum Exercise Number specified in the applicable Final Terms and, if specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, if a number greater than the Minimum Exercise Number, must be an 
integral multiple of the number specified in the applicable Final Terms. Any Exercise Notice 
which purports to exercise Warrants in breach of this provision shall be void and of no effect. 
 
If the Issuer determines that the number of Warrants being exercised on any Actual Exercise 
Date by any Securityholder or a group of Securityholders (whether or not acting in concert) 
exceeds the Maximum Exercise Number (a number equal to the Maximum Exercise Number 
being the "Quota"), the Issuer may deem the Actual Exercise Date for the first Quota of such 
Warrants, selected at the discretion of the Issuer, to be such day and the Actual Exercise Date 
for each additional Quota of such Warrants (and any remaining number thereof) to be each of 
the succeeding Exercise Business Days until all such Warrants have been attributed with an 
Actual Exercise Date, provided, however, that the deemed Actual Exercise Date for any such 
Warrants which would thereby fall after the Expiration Date shall fall on the Expiration Date. 
In any case where more than the Quota of Warrants are exercised on the same day by 
Securityholder(s), the order of settlement in respect of such Warrants shall be at the sole 
discretion of the Issuer. 
20.2 
European Style Warrants 
This Condition 20.2 applies only to European Style Warrants. 
The number of Warrants exercisable by any Securityholder on the Exercise Date, as determined by the 
Issuer, must be equal to the Minimum Exercise Number specified in the applicable Final Terms and, if 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, if a number greater than the Minimum Exercise Number, must 
be an integral multiple of the number specified in the applicable Final Terms. Any Exercise Notice which 
purports to exercise Warrants in breach of this provision shall be void and of no effect. 
21. 
PAYMENTS ON CANCELLATION OF WARRANTS 
21.1 
Highest Value 
If "Highest Value" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the greater of the fair market 
value or, as the case may be, Settled Amount of a Security or Unit, as the case may be, (notwithstanding 
any illegality (if applicable) and taking into account any Additional Disruption Event, Optional 
Additional Disruption Event, Index Adjustment Event, Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an 
Exchange-traded Contract, Extraordinary Event, Market Disruption Event, Index Cancellation, 
Extraordinary Fund Event, or Futures Adjustment Event as the case may be) and the Protected Amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, proportionate share of such Protected 
Amount, provided that, (x) no costs shall be deducted from such amount and (y) such amount shall 
include the reimbursement by the Issuer, pro rata (from the date of cancellation or, as the case may be, 
partial cancellation date, notified to the Securityholders until the Exercise Date or the Expiration Date, 
as the case may be, of the Securities), of any costs or, as the case may be, proportionate share of such 
costs, (including but not limited to any structuring costs) paid by Securityholders to the Issuer in the Issue 
Price of the Securities, all as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, such amount to be paid to the Securityholders on the date notified to 
the Securityholders in the notice of cancellation or, as the case may be, notice of partial cancellation. 
21.2 
Market Value 
If "Market Value" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the fair market value or, as 
the case may be, Settled Amount, of a Security or Unit, as the case may be, (notwithstanding any illegality

--- Page 132 ---
- 132 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
(if applicable) and taking into account any Additional Disruption Event, Optional Additional Disruption 
Event, Index Adjustment Event, Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded 
Contract, Extraordinary Event, Market Disruption Event, Index Cancellation, Extraordinary Fund Event, 
or Futures Adjustment Event, as applicable) calculated (x) without taking account of any costs and no 
costs shall be deducted from such amount, and (y) including the reimbursement by the Issuer, pro rata 
(calculated from the early cancellation date or, as the case may be, partial cancellation date notified to 
the Securityholders until the Exercise Date or the Expiration Date, as the case may be, of the Securities), 
of any costs or, as the case may be, proportionate share of such costs (including but not limited to any 
structuring costs) paid by Securityholders to the Issuer in the Issue Price of the Securities, such an amount 
to be paid to the Securityholders on the date notified in the notice of cancellation or, as the case may be, 
notice of partial cancellation. 
22. 
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF THE ITALIAN BAIL-IN POWER 
Notwithstanding any provision of these Conditions or any other agreements, arrangements, or 
understandings between the Issuers and the Guarantor (where applicable) and any holder, and without 
prejudice to Article 55(1) of the BRRD, by its acquisition of the Securities each holder (which, for the 
purposes of this Security Condition 22, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Securities) 
acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by: 
 
the effects of the exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority, which exercise 
may include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: (i) the reduction 
of all, or a portion, of the settlement amount in respect of the Securities; (ii) the conversion of 
all, or a portion, of the settlement amount in respect of the Securities, into ordinary shares, other 
securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to or conferral on 
the holder of such shares, securities or obligations), including by means of an amendment, 
modification or variation of these Conditions; (iii) the cancellation of the Securities or the 
settlement amount in respect of the Securities; and (iv) the amendment or alteration of the 
exercise date or exercise period of the Securities; and 
 
the variation of these Conditions, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Authority, to give effect 
to the exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority. 
The exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority shall not constitute an event of default 
and these Conditions shall remain in full force and effect save as varied by the Relevant Authority in 
accordance with this Security Condition 22. 
23. 
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF THE LUXEMBOURG BAIL-IN POWER  
Notwithstanding any provision of these Conditions or any other agreements, arrangements, or 
understandings between the Issuers and the Guarantor (where applicable) and any holder, and without 
prejudice to Article 55(1) of the BRRD (as transposed into Luxembourg law by Article 56(1) of the 
Luxembourg BRRD Law), by its acquisition of the Securities each holder (which, for the purposes of 
this Security Condition 23, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Securities) acknowledges, 
accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by: 
 
the effects of the exercise of the Luxembourg Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority, which 
exercise may include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: (i) the 
reduction of all, or a portion, of the settlement amount in respect of the Securities; (ii) the 
conversion of all, or a portion, of the settlement amount in respect of the Securities, into ordinary 
shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to or 
conferral on the holder of such shares, securities or obligations), including by means of an 
amendment, modification or variation of these Conditions; (iii) the cancellation of the Securities 
or the settlement amount in respect of the Securities; and (iv) the amendment or alteration of 
the exercise date or exercise period of the Securities; and 
 
the variation of these Conditions, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Authority, to give effect 
to the exercise of the Luxembourg Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority.

--- Page 133 ---
- 133 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
The exercise of the Luxembourg Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority shall not constitute an event 
of default and these Conditions shall remain in full force and effect save as varied by the Relevant 
Authority in accordance with this Security Condition 23.

--- Page 134 ---
- 134 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
ANNEX 1 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAS 
The following terms and conditions (the "Formulas Conditions"), subject to completion in the applicable Final 
Terms, relate to the Final Payouts, Automatic Early Expiration Payouts and Entitlements in respect of the 
Warrants. In particular, certain sections of the Formulas Conditions will be set out and completed in the applicable 
Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between the Security Conditions and the Formulas Conditions, the 
Formulas Conditions shall prevail. The descriptions of the certain final payouts and/or related provisions included 
in italics below do not form part of the Formulas Conditions, are included for information purposes only and are 
subject to the detailed terms of the relevant final payouts as applicable. 
1. 
FINAL PAYOUTS 
1.1 
Final Payouts Formulas 
The following final payouts (each a "Final Payout") shall apply to the Securities if specified in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
 
This section is intentionally left blank. 
 
This section is intentionally left blank. 
 
Single Final Payout - Parity and Exchange Securities 
If Single Final Payout - Parity and Exchange Securities is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if Settlement Price Final is less than or equal to the Maximum Payout Amount: 
Settlement Price Final
Parity × Exchange Rate Final; or 
(ii) 
if Settlement Price Final is greater than the Maximum Payout Amount: 
Maximum Payout Amount
Parity ×  Exchange Rate Final 
Description of the Final Payout 
If the Settlement Price of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is equal to or less 
than the Maximum Payout Amount, the Final Payout will equal the Settlement Price on the 
Valuation Date (divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and Parity). Otherwise the 
Final Payout will equal the Maximum Payout Amount (divided by the product of the Exchange 
Rate Final and Parity). 
 
This section is intentionally left blank. 
 
This section is intentionally left blank. 
 
This section is intentionally left blank. 
 
This section is intentionally left blank. 
 
This section is intentionally left blank. 
 
Single Final Payout - Capped Speed Securities 
If Single Final Payout - Capped Speed Securities is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms:

--- Page 135 ---
- 135 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
(i) 
if Settlement Price Final is greater than the Strike Price: 
 [
Strike Price+Speed Factor ×[Min (Upper Level; Settlement Price Final) − Strike Price]  
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final]
]  
(ii) 
if Settlement Price Final is less than or equal to the Strike Price: 
Settlement Price Final
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final]  
Description of the Final Payout 
If the Settlement Price of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is greater than the 
Strike Price, the Final Payout will equal the Strike Price plus the Speed Factor multiplied by 
the difference between (i) the lesser of the Upper Level and the Settlement Price of the 
Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date and (ii) the Strike Price, divided by the product of 
the Exchange Rate Final and Parity. Otherwise, the Final Payout will equal the Settlement Price 
of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date divided by the product of the Exchange Rate 
Final and Parity. 
 
Single Final Payout - Capped Bonus Parity Exchange Securities 
If Single Final Payout - Capped Bonus Parity Exchange Securities is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if Settlement Price Final is greater than the Barrier Level: 
Bonus Level
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final]; or 
(ii) 
if Settlement Price Final is less than or equal to the Barrier Level: 
Min [Settlement Price Final; Cap Level]
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final]
  
Description of the Final Payout 
If the Settlement Price of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is greater than the 
Barrier Level, the Final Payout will equal the Bonus Level (divided by the product of the 
Exchange Rate Final and Parity). Otherwise the Final Payout will be equal to the Settlement 
Price on the Valuation Date, subject to a cap of the Cap Level, divided by the product of the 
Exchange Rate Final and Parity. 
 
This section is intentionally left blank. 
 
This section is intentionally left blank. 
 
Single Final Payout - Continuous Capped Bonus Parity Exchange Securities 
If Single Final Payout - Continuous Capped Bonus Parity Exchange Securities is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the Underlying Reference Level has never been less than or equal to the Barrier 
Level at any time on any Observation Date during the Observation Period: 
Bonus Level
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final]; or 
(ii) 
otherwise: 
Min [Settlement Price Final;  Cap Level]
[Parity ×  Exchange Rate Final]

--- Page 136 ---
- 136 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
Description of the Final Payout 
If the Underlying Reference Level has never been less than or equal to the Barrier Level during 
the Observation Period, the Final Payout will be equal to the Bonus Level (divided by the 
product of the Exchange Rate Final and Parity). Otherwise the Final Payout will be equal to 
the Settlement Price on the Valuation Date (divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final 
and Parity) subject to a maximum of Cap Level (divided by the product of the Exchange Rate 
Final and Parity). 
 
This section is intentionally left blank. 
 
Single Final Payout - Standard Express Securities 
If Single Final Payout - Standard Express Securities is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if Settlement Price Final is greater than the Barrier Level: 
Express Amount; or 
(ii) 
if Settlement Price Final is less than or equal to the Barrier Level: 
Issue Price × (
Settlement Price Final
StrikePrice
)  
Description of the Payout 
If the Settlement Price of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is greater than the 
Barrier Level, the Final Payout will equal the Express Amount. 
Otherwise, the Final Payout will equal the Issue Price plus the performance of the Underlying 
Reference. 
 
Single Final Payout – Continuous Reverse Level Parity Exchange Securities 
If Single Final Payout – Continuous Reverse Level Parity Exchange Securities is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if at all times on each Observation Date during the Observation Period the Underlying 
Reference Level is less than the Barrier Level: 
Reverse Level−Bonus Level
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final]; or 
(ii) 
otherwise: 
Max [0; 
Reverse Level−Max [Settlement Price Final; Cap Level]
Parity × Exchange Rate Final
]  
Description of the Final Payout 
If the Underlying Reference Level is at all times during the Observation Period less than the 
Barrier Level, the Final Payout will equal the difference between the Reverse Level and the 
Bonus Level (divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and Parity). Otherwise the 
Final Payout will equal the Reverse Level minus the greater of the Settlement Price on the 
Valuation Date and the Cap Level (divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and 
Parity), provided that, in such case, the Final Payout will not be less than zero.

--- Page 137 ---
- 137 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
 
This section is intentionally left blank. 
 
This section is intentionally left blank. 
 
Single Final Payout - Forex DivReinvested Fees Securities 
If Single Final Payout - Forex DivReinvested Fees Securities is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
Cert (t0) × AF (t) × [UR (t) × Fx (t) /(UR (t0)  × Fx (t0)) ] 
where: 
"ACT(i,i-1)" means the number of calendar days between two ACT Days; 
"ACT Day" means Scheduled Trading Days or calendar days as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"AF(t)" means fees factor(t) × div reinvested factor(t); 
"Applicable Withholding Tax" means a percentage calculated by the Calculation Agent 
representing the amount of taxes deducted or withheld at source by or on behalf of any 
applicable authority having the power to tax in respect of any cash dividends ex-dividend at 
dateti payable in respect of the relevant Share or a constituent share in an Index pursuant to any 
applicable double taxation treaty or domestic law prevailing at the time of the distribution; 
"Cert(t0)" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"div reinvested factor(t)" means: 
(i) 
if the Underlying Reference is a Share or an Index (where in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent dividends on the constituent share are not reinvested in the Index), 
Product (ti=t0+1) to (ti=t) (1 + Div Percentage × Gross div(ti) / UR(ti-1)); or 
(ii) 
otherwise, 1; 
"Div Percentage" means: 
(i) 
if Applicable Withholding Tax is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
(i) 
if Applicable Withholding Tax is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to 1 – Applicable Withholding 
Tax; 
"Exchange Rate Previous" means Exchange Rate Initial or the Exchange Rate on the Initial 
Valuation Date as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"fees" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"fees factor(t)" means Product (ti=t0+1) to (ti=t) (1 – fees × ACT(i,i-1)/360); 
"First Valuation Date" means the Strike Date or the Initial Valuation Date, as specified in the 
Final Terms; 
"Fx(t)" means Exchange Rate Final; 
"Fx(t0)" means Exchange Rate Previous;

--- Page 138 ---
- 138 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"Gross div(ti)" means (i) if the Underlying Reference is a Share, any ordinary cash dividends 
(before deduction of any withholding or deduction of taxes at source by or on behalf of any 
applicable authority having the power to tax in respect of such dividend and without any tax 
credit refund or deduction granted by any applicable authority having the power to tax in respect 
of such dividend) ex-dividend at dateti and effectively paid or (ii) if the Underlying Reference 
is an Index, any ordinary cash dividends (before deduction of any withholding or deduction of 
taxes at source by or on behalf of any applicable authority having the power to tax in respect of 
such dividend and without any tax credit refund or deduction granted by any applicable 
authority having the power to tax in respect of such dividend) ex-dividend at date ti on any 
constituent share in such Index at date ti, taking into account the weight of such constituent share 
at date ti-1 and effectively paid, provided that if no ordinary cash dividends are paid ex-dividend 
at dateti, Gross div(ti) will be zero; 
"Initial Valuation Date" is the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. The Initial 
Valuation Date shall be deemed to be a Valuation Date and shall be subject to the provisions 
thereof; 
"UR(t)" means Settlement Price Final; 
"UR(ti-1)" means the Settlement Price of the Underlying Reference on the Scheduled Trading 
Day prior to the Dividend ex Date(ti-1); and 
"UR(t0)" means the Settlement Price of the Underlying Reference on the First Valuation Date. 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout replicates the performance of the Underlying Reference less certain amounts 
(including, but not limited to, fees (including quanto fees), dividends paid (if applicable) and 
roll fees depending on the Underlying Reference). 
 
Single Final Payout – Continuous Bonus Floored Exchange Parity Securities 
If Single Final Payout – Continuous Bonus Floored Exchange Parity Securities is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the Underlying Reference Level has never been less than or equal to the Barrier 
Level at any time on any Observation Date during the Observation Period: 
Max [Settlement Price Final; Bonus Level]
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final]
; or 
(ii) 
otherwise: 
Settlement Price Final
[Parity ×  Exchange Rate Final]  
Description of the Final Payout 
If the Underlying Reference Level has never been less than or equal to the Barrier Level during 
the Observation Period, the Final Payout will be equal to the maximum between the Bonus 
Level (divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and Parity) and the Settlement Price 
on the Valuation Date (divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and Parity). 
Otherwise the Final Payout will be equal to the Settlement Price on the Valuation Date (divided 
by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and Parity). 
 
This section is intentionally left blank. 
 
Single Final Payout – Continuous Capped Reverse Level Parity Exchange Securities 
If Single Final Payout – Continuous Capped Reverse Level Parity Exchange Securities is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms:

--- Page 139 ---
- 139 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
(i) 
if at all times on each Observation Date during the Observation Period the Underlying 
Reference Level has been less than the Barrier Level: 
Reverse Level−Min [Bonus Level; Settlement Price Final]
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final]
; or 
(ii) 
otherwise: 
Max [ 
Floor Level
(Parity × Exchange Rate Final) ; 
(Reverse Level−Settlement Price Final)
(Parity × Exchange Rate Final) 
 ] 
Where 
"Floor Level" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Description of the Final Payout 
If the Underlying Reference Level is less than the Barrier Level at all times during the 
Observation Period, the Final Payout will equal the Reverse Level minus the minimum between 
the Bonus Level and the Settlement Price on the Valuation Date (divided by the product of the 
Exchange Rate Final and Parity). Otherwise the Final Payout will equal the maximum between 
the Reverse Level minus the Settlement Price on the Valuation Date (divided by the product of 
the Exchange Rate Final and Parity) and the Floor Level (divided by the product of the 
Exchange Rate Final and Parity). 
 
This section is intentionally left blank. 
 
This section is intentionally left blank. 
 
Single Final Payout – Continuous Bonus Barrier Securities 
If Single Final Payout – Continuous Bonus Barrier Securities is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if at any time on any Observation Date during the Observation Period the Underlying 
Reference Level is less than or equal to the Barrier Level and equal to or greater than 
the Bonus Level: 
(A) 
if Settlement Price Final is less than or equal to the Bonus Level: 
Bonus Level
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final]; or 
(B) 
if Settlement Price Final is greater than the Bonus Level: 
Settlement Price Final
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final]  
(ii) 
if at any time on any Observation Date during the Observation Period the Underlying 
Reference Level is less than or equal to the Barrier Level and at all times less than the 
Bonus Level: 
Settlement Price Final
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final]; or 
(iii) 
if at all times on each Observation Date during the Observation Period the Underlying 
Reference Level is greater than the Barrier Level: 
(A) 
if Settlement Price Final is less than or equal to the Bonus Level: 
Bonus Level
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final]; or

--- Page 140 ---
- 140 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
(B) 
if Settlement Price Final is greater than the Bonus Level: 
Settlement Price Final
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final]  
Description of the Final Payout 
If the Underlying Reference Level has at any time been less than or equal to the Barrier Level 
during the Observation Period and equal to or greater than the Bonus Level, the Final Payout 
will be equal to the maximum between the Bonus Level (divided by the product of the Exchange 
Rate Final and Parity) and the Settlement Price on the Valuation Date (divided by the product 
of the Exchange Rate Final and Parity). If the Underlying Reference has at any time been less 
than or equal to the Barrier Level during the Observation Period and at all times less than the 
Bonus Level, the Final Payout will be equal to the Settlement Price on the Valuation Date 
(divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and Parity). If the Underlying Reference 
Level has at all times been greater than the Barrier Level during the Observation Period, the 
Final Payout will be equal to the maximum between the Bonus Level (divided by the product of 
the Exchange Rate Final and Parity) and the Settlement Price on the Valuation Date (divided 
by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and Parity). 
 
Single Final Payout – Capped Continuous Bonus Barrier Securities 
If Single Final Payout – Capped Continuous Bonus Barrier Securities is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if at any time on any Observation Date during the Observation Period the Underlying 
Reference Level is less than or equal to the Barrier Level and equal to or greater than 
the Bonus Level: 
(A) 
if Settlement Price Final is less than or equal to the Bonus Level: 
Bonus Level
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final]; or 
(B) 
if Settlement Price Final is greater than the Bonus Level: 
Min [Settlement Price Final,Cap Percentage 1]
[Parity ×  Exchange Rate Final]
 
(ii) 
if at any time on any Observation Date during the Observation Period the Underlying 
Reference Level is less than or equal to the Barrier Level and at all times less than the 
Bonus Level: 
Min [Settlement Price Final, Cap Percentage 2]
[Parity ×  Exchange Rate Final]
 
(iii) 
if at all times on each Observation Date during the Observation Period the Underlying 
Reference Level is greater than the Barrier Level: 
(A) 
if Settlement Price Final is less than or equal to the Bonus Level: 
Bonus Level
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final]; or 
(B) 
if Settlement Price Final is greater than the Bonus Level: 
Min [Settlement Price Final, Cap Percentage 3]
[Parity ×  Exchange Rate Final]

--- Page 141 ---
- 141 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
Description of the Final Payout 
If the Underlying Reference Level has at any time been less than or equal to the Barrier Level 
during the Observation Period and equal to or greater than the Bonus Level, the Final Payout 
will be equal to the maximum between the Bonus Level (divided by the product of the Exchange 
Rate Final and Parity) and the Settlement Price on the Valuation Date subject to a maximum of 
Cap Percentage 1 (divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and Parity). 
If the Underlying Reference has at any time been less than or equal to the Barrier Level during 
the Observation Period and at all times less than the Bonus Level, the Final Payout will be 
equal to the Settlement Price on the Valuation Date subject to a Cap Percentage 2 (divided by 
the product of the Exchange Rate Final and Parity). If the Underlying Reference Level has at 
all times been greater than the Barrier Level during the Observation Period, the Final Payout 
will be equal to the maximum between the Bonus Level (divided by the product of the Exchange 
Rate Final and Parity) and the Settlement Price on the Valuation Date subject to a maxium of 
Cap Percentage 3(divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and Parity). 
 
Single Final Payout - Lower Collared Knock-Out Securities 
If Single Final Payout - Lower Collared Knock-Out Securities is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the Settlement Price Final is equal to or greater than the Upper Level: 
Upper Level−Lower Level
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final]  
(ii) 
if the Settlement Price Final is greater than the Lower Level and less than the Upper 
Level: 
Settlement Price Final−Lower Level
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final]
; or 
(iii) 
if the Settlement Price Final is less than or equal to the Lower Level: 
Final Level
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final]  
where: 
"Final Level" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Description of the Final Payout 
If the Settlement Price of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is greater than the 
Lower Level, the Final Payout will be equal to the Settlement Price of the Underlying Reference 
on the Valuation Date less the Lower Level (divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final 
and Parity), provided that, in such case, the Final Payout will not be greater than the Upper 
Level less the Lower Level (divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and Parity). If 
the Settlement Price of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is less than or equal to 
the Lower Level, the Final Payout equals to Final Level (divided by the product of the Exchange 
Rate Final and Parity). 
 
Single Final Payout - Upper Collared Knock-Out Securities 
If Single Final Payout - Upper Collared Knock-Out Securities is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the Settlement Price Final is less than or equal to the Lower Level: 
Upper Level− Lower Level
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final]

--- Page 142 ---
- 142 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
(ii) 
if the Settlement Price Final is greater than the Lower Level but less than the Upper 
Level: 
Upper Level−Settlement Price Final
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final]
; or 
(iii) 
if the Settlement Price Final is equal to or greater than the Upper Level: 
Final Level
[Parity ×  Exchange Rate Final] 
Where 
"Final Level" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Description of the Final Payout 
If the Settlement Price of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is less than the Upper 
Level, the Final Payout will equal the Upper Level less the Settlement Price of the Underlying 
Reference on the Valuation Date (divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and 
Parity), provided that the Final Payout will not be greater than the Upper Level less the Lower 
Level (divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and Parity). If the Settlement Price of 
the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is equal to or greater than the Upper Level, 
the Final Payout equals to Final Level (divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and 
Parity). 
 
Single Final Payout - Continuous Lower Knock-Out Securities 
If Single Final Payout - Continuous Lower Knock-Out Securities is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if at all times on each Observation Date during the Observation Period the Underlying 
Reference Level is greater than the Lower Level: 
(A) 
if Settlement Price Final is greater than the Lower Level: 
Upper Level−Lower Level
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final]; or 
(B) 
if Settlement Price Final is less than or equal to the Lower Level: 
Final Level 1
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final]; or 
(ii) 
if at any time on an Observation Date during the Observation Period the Underlying 
Reference Level is less than or equal to the Lower Level: 
(A) 
if Settlement Price Final is equal to or greater than the Upper Level: 
Upper Level−Lower Level
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final] ; 
(B) 
if Settlement Price Final is greater than the Lower Level but less than the 
Upper Level: 
Settlement Price Final−Lower Level
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final]
; or 
(C) 
if the Settlement Price Final is less than or equal to the Lower Level: 
Final Level 2
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final]

--- Page 143 ---
- 143 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
where: 
"Final Level 1" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Final Level 2" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Description of the Final Payout 
If the Underlying Reference Level is at all times during the Observation Period greater than the 
Lower Level and if the Settlement Price of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is 
greater than the Lower Level, then the Final Payout equals the Upper Level less the Lower 
Level (divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and Parity). Otherwise, if the 
Settlement Price of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is less than or equal to the 
Lower Level, then the Final Payout equals to Final Level 1 (divided by the product of the 
Exchange Rate Final and Parity). If the Underlying Reference Level has at any time during the 
Observation Period been less than or equal to the Lower Level and if the Settlement Price of 
the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is greater than the Lower Level, the Final 
Payout will equal the Settlement Price of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date less 
the Lower Level (divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and Parity), provided that, 
in such case, the Final Payout will not be greater than the Upper Level less the Lower Level 
(divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and Parity). Otherwise, if the Settlement 
Price of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is less than or equal to the Lower 
Level, then the Final Payout equals to Final Level 2 (divided by the product of the Exchange 
Rate Final and Parity). 
 
Single Final Payout - Continuous Upper Knock-Out Securities 
If Single Final Payout - Continuous Upper Knock-Out Securities is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if at all times on each Observation Date during the Observation Period the Underlying 
Reference Level is less than the Upper Level: 
(A) 
if Settlement Price Final is less than the Upper Level: 
Upper Level−Lower Level
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final]; or 
(B) 
if Settlement Price Final is equal to or greater than the Upper Level: 
Final Level 1
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final]; or 
(ii) 
if at any time on an Observation Date during the Observation Period the Underlying 
Reference Level is equal to or greater than the Upper Level: 
(A) 
if Settlement Price Final is less than or equal to the Lower Level: 
Upper Level−Lower Level
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final]; or 
(B) 
if Settlement Price Final is greater than the Lower Level but less than the 
Upper Level: 
Upper Level−Settlement Price Final
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final]
 ; or 
(C) 
if Settlement Price Final is equal to or greater than the Upper Level: 
Final Level 2
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final]

--- Page 144 ---
- 144 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
where: 
"Final Level 1" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Final Level 2" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Description of the Final Payout 
If the Underlying Reference Level is at all times during the Observation Period less than the 
Upper Level and if the Settlement Price of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is 
less than the Upper Level, then the Final Payout will equal the Upper Level less the Lower 
Level (divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and Parity). Otherwise, if the 
Settlement Price of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is equal to or greater than 
the Upper Level, then the Final Payout equals to Final Level 1 (divided by the product of the 
Exchange Rate Final and Parity). If the Underlying Reference Level has been at any time during 
the Observation Period equal to or greater than the Upper Level, and if the Settlement Price of 
the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is less than the Upper Level, then the Final 
Payout will equal the Upper Level less the Settlement Price of the Underlying Reference on the 
Valuation Date (divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and Parity), provided that, 
in such case, the Final Payout will not be greater than the Upper Level less the Lower Level 
(divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and Parity). Otherwise, if the Settlement 
Price of the Underlying Reference on the Valuation Date is greater than or equal to the Upper 
Level, then the Final Payout equals to Final Level 2 (divided by the product of the Exchange 
Rate Final and Parity). 
 
Single Final Payout – Standard Call and Put Securities 
If Single Final Payout – Standard Call and Put Securities is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Call Securities: 
Max (0; Settlement Price Final−Strike Price)
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final]
; or 
(ii) 
if the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Put Securities: 
Max(0; Strike Price−Settlement Price Final)
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final]
  
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout will be equal to (i) in the case of Call Securities, the greater of the excess (if 
any) of the Settlement Price on the Valuation Date over the Strike Price and zero, or (ii) in the 
case of Put Securities, the greater of the excess (if any) of the Strike Price over the Settlement 
Price on the Valuation Date and zero, in each case divided by the product of the Exchange Rate 
Final and Parity. 
 
Single Final Payout - Knock-In Call and Put Securities 
If Single Final Payout - Knock-In Call and Put Securities is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Call Securities: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, 
Final Level
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final]; or 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but no Knock-out Event has occurred:

--- Page 145 ---
- 145 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
Max (0;  Settlement Price Final −Strike Price)
[Parity ×  Exchange Rate Final]
 ;  or 
(ii) 
if the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Put Securities: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, 
Final Level
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final]. 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Max (0; Strike Price− Settlement Price Final)
[Parity × Exchange Rate Final]
  
where: 
"Final Level" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Description of the Final Payout 
If no Knock-in Event has occurred, the Final Payout equals the Final Level (divided by the 
product of the Exchange and Parity). If a Knock-in Event has occurred then the Final Payout 
will be equal to (i) in the case of Call Securities, the greater of the excess (if any) of the 
Settlement Price on the Valuation Date over the Strike Price and zero, or (ii) in the case of Put 
Securities, the greater of the excess (if any) of the Strike Price over the Settlement Price on the 
Valuation Date and zero, in each case divided by the product of the Exchange Rate Final and 
Parity. 
 
This section is intentionally left blank. 
 
Single Final Payout - Leverage Factor Securities 
If Single Final Payout - Leverage Factor Securities is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
(i) 
in respect of a Bull Warrant, the Bull Warrant Value on the relevant Valuation Date; 
or 
(ii) 
in respect of a Bear Warrant, the Bear Warrant Value on the relevant Valuation Date, 
in each case, converted into the Settlement Currency at the Exchange Rate on the relevant 
Valuation Date. 
Where: 
"Adjusted Bear CV" or "Adjusted Bull CV" means an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the Bear CVt formula or the Bull CVt formula, as the case may be, in 
this Formulas Condition 1.1(hh) except that: 
(i) 
with respect to any calculation to be made following the first Reset Event occurring 
during an Observation Time Period (the "Relevant Observation Time Period") Ut 
will be the Reset Price calculated following the relevant Reset Event Determination 
Time; 
(ii) 
with respect to any subsequent Reset Events occurring within the Relevant 
Observation Time Period: 
(a) 
Bear CVt-1 will be the Adjusted Bear CV and Bull CVt-1 will be the Adjusted 
Bull CV, as the case may be, last calculated prior to the relevant Reset Event 
Determination Time;

--- Page 146 ---
- 146 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
(b) 
FCt is equal to (0) zero; 
(c) 
Ut is the Reset Price calculated following the relevant Reset Event 
Determination Time; 
(d) 
Ut-1 is the Reset Price last calculated prior to the relevant Reset Event 
Determination Time; 
(e) 
in the case of Index Securities or Share Securities, 𝑑𝑖𝑣𝑡
𝑛𝑒𝑡 and 𝑑𝑖𝑣𝑡
𝑔𝑟𝑜𝑠𝑠 will 
be equal to (0) zero; and 
(f) 
in the case of Index Securities to which Futures Price Valuation applies, rct-1 
will be equal to (0) zero. 
"Bear CV0" means the Issue Price per Warrant converted into the Calculation Currency at the 
Exchange Rate on the Relevant Business Day preceding the Commencement Date (t=0); 
"Bear CVt-1" means, in respect of the calculation of Bear CVt, the Bear Warrant Value last 
calculated, provided that, the Bear CVt-1 for the Listing Date is Bear CV0; 
"Bear Warrant Value" or "Bear CVt" means, in respect of a Relevant Business Day, an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(i) 
in the case of Index Securities or Share Securities: 
max  [𝐵𝑒𝑎𝑟 𝐶𝑉 𝑡−1 × ( 1 −𝐿× (
𝑈𝑡+𝑑𝑖𝑣 𝑡𝑔𝑟𝑜𝑠𝑠
𝑈𝑡−1
−1 )) + 𝐹𝐶𝑡; 0.5% × 𝐵𝑒𝑎𝑟 𝐶𝑉𝑡−1]; 
(ii) 
in the case of Index Securities to which Futures Price Valuation applies: 
max  [𝐵𝑒𝑎𝑟 𝐶𝑉 𝑡−1 × ( 1 −𝐿× (
𝑈𝑡
𝑈𝑡−1+𝑟𝑐 𝑡−1
−1 )) + 𝐹𝐶𝑡; 0.5% × 𝐵𝑒𝑎𝑟 𝐶𝑉𝑡−1 ]
; 
or 
(iii) 
in the case of Currency Securities: 
 max  [𝐵𝑒𝑎𝑟 𝐶𝑉 𝑡−1 × ( 1 −𝐿× (
𝑈𝑡
𝑈𝑡−1 −1 )) + 𝐹𝐶𝑡; 0.5% × 𝐵𝑒𝑎𝑟 𝐶𝑉𝑡−1 ]; 
"Bull CV0" means the Issue Price per Warrant converted into the Calculation Currency at the 
Exchange Rate on the Relevant Business Day preceding the Commencement Date (t=0); 
"Bull Warrant Value" or "Bull CVt" means, in respect of a Relevant Business Day, an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(i) 
in the case of Index Securities or Share Securities: 
 max  [𝐵𝑢𝑙𝑙 𝐶𝑉 𝑡−1 × ( 1 + 𝐿× (
𝑈𝑡+𝑑𝑖𝑣 𝑡𝑛𝑒𝑡
𝑈𝑡−1
−1 )) + 𝐹𝐶𝑡; 0.5% × 𝐵𝑢𝑙𝑙 𝐶𝑉𝑡−1 ]; 
(ii) 
in the case of Index Securities to which Futures Price Valuation applies: 
max  [𝐵𝑢𝑙𝑙 𝐶𝑉 𝑡−1  × ( 1 + 𝐿× (
𝑈𝑡
𝑈𝑡−1+ 𝑟𝑐𝑡−1 −1 )) + 𝐹𝐶𝑡; 0.5% × 𝐵𝑢𝑙𝑙 𝐶𝑉𝑡−1 ]; or 
(iii) 
in the case of Currency Securities:

--- Page 147 ---
- 147 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
max  [𝐵𝑢𝑙𝑙 𝐶𝑉 𝑡−1  × ( 1 + 𝐿× (
𝑈𝑡
𝑈𝑡−1 −1 )) + 𝐹𝐶𝑡; 0.5% × 𝐵𝑢𝑙𝑙 𝐶𝑉𝑡−1 ]; and 
"Bull CVt-1" means, in respect of the calculation of Bull CVt, the Bull Warrant Value last 
calculated, provided that the Bull CVt-1 for the Listing Date is Bull CV0; 
"Calculation Currency" means the currency of the Underlying Reference (in respect of Index 
Securities and Share Securities) or the Alternative Currency (in respect of Currency Securities); 
"Calculation Timet" means, in respect of a Relevant Business Day, the Scheduled Closing 
Time (in respect of Index Securities and Share Securities), the time at which the official closing 
level of the relevant Index is published or, if First Traded Price Applicable is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the time at which the First Traded Price of the relevant Futures or 
Option Exchange is published (in respect of Index Securities to which Futures Price Valuation 
applies) or the Valuation Time (in respect of Currency Securities), in each case on such Relevant 
Business Day; 
"Calculation Timet-1" means, in respect of a Relevant Business Day, the Scheduled Closing 
Time (in respect of Index Securities and Share Securities), the time at which the official closing 
level of the relevant Index is published or, if First Traded Price Applicable is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the time at which the First Traded Price of the relevant Futures or 
Option Exchange is published (in respect of Index Securities to which Futures Price Valuation 
applies) or the Valuation Time (in respect of Currency Securities), in each case on the Relevant 
Business Day immediately preceding such day; 
"Commencement Date" means, the Listing Date of the relevant Bear Warrant or Bull Warrant 
(t=1); 
"Cut-off Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and (in the case 
of Index Securities, Share Securities or Index Securities to which Futures Price Valuation 
applies) if not specified, 7.00 p.m. (local time in the city in which the relevant Exchange or 
Futures or Options Exchange is situated), in the case of a normal trading session and 3.00 p.m. 
(local time in the city in which the relevant Exchange or Futures or Options Exchange is 
situated), in the case of a half day trading session; 
"𝐝𝐢𝐯𝐭
𝐠𝐫𝐨𝐬𝐬" means, in respect of an Ex-Dividend Date, an amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent equal to the sum of the gross cash dividends and/or other cash distributions payable in 
respect of the relevant Underlying Reference (or in the case of an Index, in respect of each Index 
Share (as defined below) related to such Ex-Dividend Date 
"𝐝𝐢𝐯𝐭
𝒏𝒆𝒕" means, in respect of an Ex-Dividend Date, an amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent equal to the sum of the cash dividends and/or other cash distributions payable in respect 
of the relevant Underlying Reference (or in the case of an Index, in respect of each Index Share 
(as defined below) related to such Ex-Dividend Date less any taxes deducted or withheld at 
source by or on behalf of any applicable authority having the power to tax in respect of such 
dividends pursuant to any applicable double taxation treaty or domestic law prevailing at the 
time of the distribution; 
"Ex-Dividend Date" means, with respect to a Share or share comprising an Index (an "Index 
Share"), the date on which such Share or Index Share becomes "ex-dividend" as determined by 
the Calculation Agent; 
"Fee" or "F" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. The 
Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, may adjust 
the Fee within the Fee Range to reflect a change in the cost to the Issuer of issuing the Securities 
or providing a price in the secondary market. Where the Securities are traded on the Multilateral 
Trading Facility of securitised derivatives financial instruments (the "SeDeX"), organised and 
managed by Borsa Italiana, the Fee may only be adjusted downwards and on the occurrence of 
such adjustment, the new Fee will be notified by the Calculation Agent to Borsa Italiana and 
published on the website www.mediobanca.com;

--- Page 148 ---
- 148 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"Fee Range" means the range specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Financing Component(t)" or "FCt" means, in respect of a Relevant Business Day: 
(i) 
in the case of Bear Warrants that are Index Securities or Share Securities: 
−𝐶𝑉 𝑡−1 × ((−𝐿−1) × (𝑟𝑡−1
𝑢
−𝑟𝑚) + 𝐿 × (ℎ𝑐+ 𝐹)) × 𝑛 (𝑡−1, 𝑡);  
(ii) 
in the case of Bull Warrants that are Index Securities or Share Securities: 
−𝐶𝑉 𝑡−1 × ((𝐿−1) × (𝑟𝑡−1
𝑢
+ 𝑟𝑚) + 𝐿 × (ℎ𝑐+ 𝐹) × 𝑛 (𝑡−1, 𝑡);  
(iii) 
in the case of Bear Warrants that are Index Securities to which Futures Price Valuation 
applies: 
−𝐶𝑉 𝑡−1 × (− (𝑟𝑡−1
𝑢
−𝑟𝑚) + 𝐿 × (ℎ𝑐+ 𝐹)) × 𝑛 (𝑡−1, 𝑡);  
(iv) 
in the case of Bull Warrants that are Index Securities to which Futures Price Valuation 
applies: 
−𝐶𝑉 𝑡−1 × (− (𝑟𝑡−1
𝑢
−𝑟𝑚) + 𝐿 × (ℎ𝑐+ 𝐹)) × 𝑛 (𝑡−1, 𝑡);  
(v) 
in the case of Bear Warrants that are Currency Securities: 
−𝐶𝑉 𝑡−1 × (− 𝑟𝑡−1
𝑢𝑏−𝐿 × (𝑟𝑡−1
𝑢𝑏− 𝑟𝑡−1
𝑢𝑟−𝑟𝑚) + 𝐿 × (ℎ𝑐+ 𝐹)) × 𝑛 (𝑡−1, 𝑡);  or 
(vi) 
in the case of Bull Warrants that are Currency Securities: 
−𝐶𝑉 𝑡−1 × (− 𝑟𝑡−1
𝑢𝑏+ 𝐿 × (𝑟𝑡−1
𝑢𝑏− 𝑟𝑡−1
𝑢𝑟+ 𝑟𝑚) + 𝐿 × (ℎ𝑐+ 𝐹)) × 𝑛 (𝑡−1, 𝑡);  
"Hedging Cost" or "hc" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
If at any time after the Listing Date the cost of hedging the Securities materially exceeds such 
specified percentage, the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, may adjust the Hedging Cost, to reflect this change, save that the Hedging 
Cost will not be less than the Minimum Hedging Cost and will not exceed the Maximum 
Hedging Cost. If the Securities are traded on the Multilateral Trading Facility of securitised 
derivatives financial instruments (the "SeDeX"), organised and managed by Borsa Italiana and 
the Hedging Cost is amended as provided above, the new Hedging Cost will be notified by the 
Calculation Agent to Borsa Italiana and/or any other relevant exchange, and published on the 
website www.mediobanca.com; 
"Interest Margin" or "rm" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. The Calculation Agent may adjust the Interest Margin, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, to reflect any disparity between the Reference Interest Rate 
and the Issuer's funding rate, save that the Interest Margin will not be less than the Minimum 
Interest Margin and will not exceed the Maximum Interest Margin; 
"Leverage Factor" or "L" means the positive number specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Maximum Hedging Cost" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Maximum Interest Margin" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Minimum Hedging Cost" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms;

--- Page 149 ---
- 149 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"Minimum Interest Margin" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Observation Price" means the "official level", "opening price", "official close", "closing 
price", "purchase price", "sale price", "last price", "bid price", "asked price", "traded price", 
"official settlement price", "daily settlement price", "high", "mid", "low", "bid high", "bid low", 
"ask high", "ask low", as specified in the applicable Final Terms, of the Underlying Reference 
published by the Observation Price Source; 
"Observation Price Source" means the price source specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Observation Time Period" means, in respect of a Relevant Business Day, the period of time 
from but excluding Calculation Timet-1 to and including Calculation Timet; 
"Rate Period" or "n(t-1,t)" means, in respect of a Relevant Business Day, (i) the number of 
calendar days from (and including) the Relevant Business Day immediately preceding such 
Relevant Business Day to (but excluding) such Relevant Business Day, divided by (ii) 360; 
"Reference Floating Rate" means, in respect of a Relevant Business Day, the Reference 
Floating Rate Option in respect of such day appearing on the Reference Floating Rate Option 
Page at the Reference Floating Rate Option Calculation Time or if the relevant rate does not 
appear on such page at such time, the Reference Floating Rate Option for such Relevant 
Business Day shall be determined by the Calculation Agent at such time and from such source(s) 
as it may select acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; 
"Reference Floating Rate Option" means the relevant rate and designated maturity specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reference Floating Rate Option Page" means the page or price source specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reference Floating Rate Option Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Reference Interest Rate", "𝒓𝒕−𝟏
𝒖
", "𝒓𝒕−𝟏
𝒖𝒃" or "𝒓𝒕−𝟏
𝒖𝒓" means, in respect of a Relevant Business 
Day, the fixed rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or the Reference Floating 
Rate for the Relevant Business Day immediately preceding such day as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Relevant Business Day" means, an Exchange Business Day (in respect of Index Securities or 
Share Securities) or a Scheduled Trading Day (in respect of Currency Securities), as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reset Price" means the price of the relevant Underlying Reference determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the price obtained by unwinding any underlying related 
hedging arrangements in respect of the relevant Security during the Unwinding Time Period 
immediately following the relevant Reset Event Determination Time. The Unwinding Time 
Period shall occur during the opening hours of the relevant Exchange (in the case of Index 
Securities or Share Securities), the opening hours of the relevant Futures or Options Exchange 
(in the case of Index Securities to which Futures Price Valuation applies) or immediately 
following the occurrence of the relevant Reset Event Determination Time (in respect of 
Currency Securities). If the period between the occurrence of the latest Reset Event 
Determination Time and the official closing time of the relevant Exchange (in the case of Index 
Securities or Share Securities) or Futures or Options Exchange (in the case of Index Securities 
to which Futures Price Valuation applies) or the twelve hour period immediately following the 
occurrence of the relevant Reset Event Determination Time (in respect of Currency Securities) 
would otherwise include a day that is not a Relevant Business Day, then the period for 
determining the Reset Price shall be extended to the following Relevant Business Day, until a 
full period equal to the Unwinding Time Period has passed since the most recent Reset Event 
Determination Time;

--- Page 150 ---
- 150 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"Reset Threshold" means, in respect of a Relevant Business Day, an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(i) 
in respect of Bear Warrants that are Index Securities or Share Securities: 
(1 + 𝑃𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑒𝑡) × 𝑈𝑡−1 −𝑑𝑖𝑣 𝑡
𝑔𝑟𝑜𝑠𝑠; 
(ii) 
in respect of Bull Warrants that are Index Securities or Share Securities: 
(1 −𝑃𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑒𝑡) × 𝑈𝑡−1 −𝑑𝑖𝑣 𝑡
𝑛𝑒𝑡 ; 
(iii) 
in respect of Bear Warrants that are Index Securities to which Futures Price Valuation 
applies: 
(1 + 𝑃𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑒𝑡) ×  (𝑈𝑡−1 + 𝑟𝑐𝑡−1 ); 
(iv) 
in respect of Bull Warrants that are Index Securities to which Futures Price Valuation 
applies: 
(1 −𝑃𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑒𝑡) ×  (𝑈𝑡−1 + 𝑟𝑐𝑡−1 ); 
(v) 
in respect of Bear Warrants that are Currency Securities: 
(1 + 𝑃𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑒𝑡) ×  𝑈𝑡−1 ; or 
(vi) 
in respect of Bull Warrants that are Currency Securities: 
( 1 −𝑃𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑒𝑡) ×  𝑈𝑡−1; 
provided that: 
(a) 
at Calculation Timet on such Relevant Business Day the "Reset Threshold" calculated 
pursuant to paragraphs (iii), (iv), (v) and (vi) above will be reset and calculated as 
provided above except that references to "Ut-1" will be deemed to be references to "Ut" 
and, in the case of paragraphs (iii) and (iv) above, references to "rct-1" will be deemed 
to be references to "rct"; and 
(b) 
the Reset Threshold will be reset on the occurrence of each Reset Event and will be 
calculated in accordance with the Reset Threshold formula, except that: 
(i) 
Ut-1 is the Reset Price last calculated before the relevant Reset Event 
Determination Time; 
(ii) 
divt
net or divt
gross, as the case may be, is equal to (0) zero; and 
(iii) 
rct-1 is equal to (0) zero. 
"Reset Threshold Percentage" or "Preset" means the percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Rollover Costst" or "𝒓𝒄𝒕" means, in respect of a Relevant Business Day, (i) where the Relevant 
Business Day is not a Futures Rollover Date, zero, or (ii) where the Relevant Business Day is a 
Futures Rollover Date, an amount, which may be positive or negative, calculated by the 
Calculation Agent representing the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding its 
hedging arrangements in the Current Exchange-traded Contract or the relevant Futures Contract, 
as the case may be, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of establishing hedging 
arrangements in the next Current Exchange-traded Contract or Futures Contract, as the case 
may be, in each case in respect of the relevant Futures Rollover Date, such amount to be 
allocated pro rata amongst the Securities;

--- Page 151 ---
- 151 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"Rollover Costst-1" or "𝒓𝒄𝒕−𝟏" means, in respect of a Relevant Business Day, (i) where the 
immediately preceding Relevant Business Day is not a Futures Rollover Date, zero, or (ii) where 
the immediately preceding Relevant Business Day is a Futures Rollover Date, an amount, which 
may be positive or negative, calculated by the Calculation Agent representing the cost to the 
Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding its hedging arrangements in the Current Exchange-
traded Contract or the relevant Futures Contract, as the case may be, less the cost to the Issuer 
and/or its Affiliates of establishing hedging arrangements in the next Current Exchange-traded 
Contract or Futures Contract, as the case may be, in each case in respect of the relevant Futures 
Rollover Date, such amount to be allocated pro rata amongst the Securities; 
"Settlement Currency" means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Settlement Price" has the meaning given it in the applicable Annex to the Terms and 
Conditions except in the case of Currency Securities, references to "Settlement Price Date", 
shall in each case be deemed to be references to the "Relevant Business Day"; 
"Underlying Price(t)" or "U(t)" means, in respect of a Relevant Business Day and subject as 
provided in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
(i) 
in respect of Index Securities, Share Securities or Currency Securities, the Settlement 
Price on such Relevant Business Day; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Index Securities to which Futures Price Valuation applies, (i) if the 
Relevant Business Day is the Valuation Date in respect of the relevant Security, the 
Settlement Price on such Relevant Business Day, or (ii) if the Relevant Business Day 
is not the Valuation Date in respect of the relevant Security, the Settlement Price or, if 
First Traded Price Applicable is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the First 
Traded Price in each case on such Relevant Business Day; 
"Underlying Price(t-1)" or "U(t-1)" means, in respect of a Relevant Business Day, the Underlying 
Price(t) for the Relevant Business Day immediately preceding such day; and 
"Unwinding Time Period" means a period of three hours (in respect of Index Securities and 
Share Securities). 
"Valuation Date" means, the earlier to occur of: 
(i) 
the date designated as such by the Issuer provided that such date is determined by the 
Issuer and notified to the Securityholders in accordance with Security Condition 8 
(Notices) at the latest on the tenth (10th) Relevant Business Day preceding the 
contemplated Valuation Date; and 
(ii) 
the date specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Single Final Payout - Leverage 
Factor Securities Final Valuation Date, 
provided, in each case, that if such date is not a Relevant Business Day, the Valuation Date will 
be the next following Relevant Business Day. 
Subject as provided below, the Calculation Agent will calculate the Bear Warrant Value and the 
Bull Warrant Value on each Relevant Business Day. In order to make such calculation the 
Calculation Agent will also calculate the Underlying Pricet on each Relevant Business Day. 
If, in respect of any Relevant Business Day (including the Valuation Date), the Underlying 
Pricet is not available before the Cut-off Time, or (x) such Relevant Business Day is a Disrupted 
Day (in the case of Share Securities, Currency Securities and Index Securities other than Index 
Securities in respect of which "Futures Price Valuation" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms), the Calculation Agent will determine the Underlying Pricet for such 
Relevant Business Day acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner by 
reference to such source(s) as it considers appropriate.

--- Page 152 ---
- 152 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
In the case of Index Securities in respect of which "Futures Price Valuation" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, if in respect of any Relevant Business Day (including 
the Valuation Date), the Underlying Pricet is not available before the Cut-off Time (other than 
as a result of a Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract), the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Underlying Pricet for such Relevant Business Day acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner by reference to such source(s) as it 
considers appropriate. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if in the determination of the Calculation Agent the Observation 
Price of the Underlying Reference at one or more time(s) (each such time a "Reset Event 
Determination Time") during any Observation Time Period is (i) equal to or greater than the 
Reset Threshold (in the case of Bear Warrants) or (ii) equal to or less than the Reset Threshold 
(in the case of Bull Warrants) (each a "Reset Event"), the Calculation Agent will on each 
occasion calculate the Reset Price as provided in the "Reset Price" definition above and the 
Adjusted Bull CV or the Adjusted Bear CV, as the case may be, shall be the Bull Warrant Value 
or the Bear Warrant Value, as the case may be, for such Reset Event Determination Time on 
such Relevant Business Day. If one or more Reset Events occurs in an Observation Time Period, 
at Calculation Timet falling at the end of such period the Calculation Agent will calculate the 
Bull Warrant Value or the Bear Warrant Value, as the case may be, using the formula set out 
above except that: 
A. 
FCt is equal to (0) zero; 
B. 
Ut-1 is the Reset Price last calculated prior to Calculation Timet; 
C. 
in the case of Index Securities or Share Securities, 𝑑𝑖𝑣𝑡
𝑛𝑒𝑡 and 𝑑𝑖𝑣𝑡
𝑔𝑟𝑜𝑠𝑠 will be equal 
to (0) zero. 
Description of the Final Payout 
The percentage change in value of the Securities over one day will be the Leverage Factor 
which is a constant factor for each Security multiplied by the daily performance of the relevant 
Underlying Reference measured as the percentage change of the reference price from one day 
to the next day adjusted by the applicable Financing Component (which includes a Fee, an 
Interest Margin and Hedging Cost and may be positive or negative depending on, amongst other 
things, prevailing interest rates). Bull Warrants aim to produce a performance equal to the 
Leverage Factor (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) multiplied by the performance of 
the relevant Underlying Reference whereas Bear Warrants aim to produce a performance equal 
to the Leverage Factor times the inverse performance of the relevant Underlying Reference. 
However, because the performance of the Securities over any period longer than one day will 
be derived from the compounded daily performance of the relevant Underlying Reference 
during that period, such Security's performance may differ significantly to the overall 
performance of the Underlying Reference over that same period. 
 
Multiple Final Payout – Constant Percentage Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – 
Constant Percentage: 
RV × Constant Percentage 1 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises a fixed percentage equal to the Constant Percentage 1. 
 
Multiple Final Payout - Normal Performance Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout - 
Normal Performance Securities:

--- Page 153 ---
- 153 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
RV × [Constant Percentage + Participation Factor × Final Settlement Value]; or 
RV × [Constant Percentage + Participation Factor × Max (Floor Percentage, Gearing × Final 
Settlement Value)]; or 
RV × [Constant Percentage + Participation Factor × Min (Floor Percentage, Gearing × Final 
Settlement Value)]; or 
RV × { Constant Percentage + Participation Factor 1 × Min [(Cap Percentage; Participation 
Factor 2 × Max (Floor Percentage; Gearing × Final Settlement Value))] } 
where: 
"Participation Factor 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Participation Factor 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms. 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises (i) a Constant Percentage or a Protection Level and (ii) a 
participation factor augmented of the performance of the Underlying Reference. Such 
performance may be subject to a floor of the Floor Percentage, a Gearing, a cap of the Cap 
Percentage. 
 
Multiple Final Payout - Performance Differential Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout - 
Performance Differential Securities: 
RV × [Constant Percentage + Participation Factor × (Beta 1 × Final Settlement Value 1 – Beta 
2 × Final Settlement Value 2)];  
where 
"Beta 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Beta 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms. 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout consists in the differential in performance between two Underlying References 
and in a Constant Percentage. Such differential in performance is subject to certain 
participation factors. 
 
Multiple Final Payout – 1 -Way Floor Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – 1-
Way Floor Securities: 
RV × [Constant Percentage 1 + Max (Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing × Option; Constant 
Percentage 3)] 
where: 
"Option" means Put, Put Spread, Call, Call Spread, EDS or Forward as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"EDS" means Max (EDS Percentage, Min (Constant Percentage 4 – nEDS × Loss Percentage, 
Constant Percentage 5));

--- Page 154 ---
- 154 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"nEDS" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of which the 
Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) greater than or equal to 
or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier Percentage; 
"EDS Percentage" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Forward" means Final Settlement Value – Strike Percentage; 
"Put" means Max (Strike Percentage – Final Settlement Value; Constant Percentage 4); 
"Put Spread" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage – Final Settlement Value; Constant 
Percentage 4); Spread Percentage); and 
"Spread Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Call" means Max (Final Settlement Value - Strike Percentage; Constant Percentage 4); 
"Call Spread" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value - Strike Percentage; Constant 
Percentage 4); Spread Percentage); 
provided that if Physical Delivery Option 1 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms no Cash Settlement Amount, will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply. 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout is subject to a minimum and comprises: 
 
a fixed percentage and if Option is Put, Put Spread, Call and Call Spread, an 
indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s); or 
 
a fixed percentage and if Option is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the 
value of the Underlying Reference(s); or 
 
a fixed percentage and if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many 
Underlying Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater or lower than the EDS 
Barrier Percentage; subject to Gearing. 
 
Physical Delivery may also apply. 
 
Multiple Final Payout – 1 -Way Cap Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – 1 
-Way Cap Securities: 
RV × [Constant Percentage 1 + Min (Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing × Option; Constant 
Percentage 3)] 
where: 
"Option" means Put, Put Spread, Call, Call Spread, EDS or Forward as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"EDS" means Max (EDS Percentage, Min (Constant Percentage 4 – nEDS × Loss Percentage, 
Constant Percentage 5)); 
"nEDS" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of which the 
Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) greater than or equal to 
or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier Percentage;

--- Page 155 ---
- 155 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"EDS Percentage" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Forward" means Final Settlement Value – Strike Percentage; 
"Put" means Max (Strike Percentage – Final Settlement Value; Constant Percentage 4); 
"Put Spread" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage – Final Settlement Value; Constant 
Percentage 4); Spread Percentage); 
"Spread Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Call" means Max (Final Settlement Value - Strike Percentage; Constant Percentage 4); 
"Call Spread" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value - Strike Percentage; Constant 
Percentage 4); Spread Percentage); 
provided that if Physical Delivery Option 1 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms no Cash Settlement Amount, will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply. 
Description of the Final Payout 
 
The Final Payout is subject to a maximum and comprises: 
 
a fixed percentage and if Option is Put, Put Spread, Call and Call Spread, an 
indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s); or 
 
a fixed percentage and if Option is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the 
value of the Underlying Reference(s); or 
 
a fixed percentage and if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many 
Underlying Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater or lower than the EDS 
Barrier Percentage; subject to Gearing. 
 
Physical Delivery may also apply. 
 
Multiple Final Payout – 2-Way Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – 2-
Way Securities: 
RV × [2-Way Percentage + Participation Factor 1 × Max (Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing 1 × 
Option 1; Constant Percentage 2) + Participation Factor 2 × Min (Constant Percentage 3 + 
Gearing 2 × Option 2; Constant Percentage 4)] 
where: 
"2-Way Percentage" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Participation Factor 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Participation Factor 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Gearing 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Gearing 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Option 1" means Put 1, Put Spread 1, Call 1, Call Spread 1, EDS 1 or Forward 1 as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 156 ---
- 156 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"Option 2" means Put 2, Put Spread 2, Call 2, Call Spread 2, EDS 2 or Forward 2 as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
Option 1 
"EDS 1" means Max (EDS Percentage 1, Min (Constant Percentage 5 – nEDS 1 × Loss 
Percentage 1, Constant Percentage 6)); 
"nEDS 1" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of which the 
Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) greater than or equal to 
or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier Percentage 1; 
"EDS Percentage 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Forward 1" means Final Settlement Value 1 – Strike Percentage 1; 
"Put 1" means Max (Strike Percentage 1 – Final Settlement Value 1; Constant Percentage 7); 
"Put Spread 1" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 1 – Final Settlement Value 1; Constant 
Percentage 8); Spread Percentage 1); 
"Spread Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Call 1" means Max (Final Settlement Value 1 - Strike Percentage 1; Constant Percentage 9); 
"Call Spread 1" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value 1 - Strike Percentage 1; Constant 
Percentage 10); Spread Percentage 1); 
"Strike Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Option 2 
"EDS 2" means Max (EDS Percentage 2, Min (Constant Percentage 11 – nEDS 2 × Loss 
Percentage 2, Constant Percentage 12)); 
"nEDS 2" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of which the 
Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) greater than or equal to 
or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier Percentage 2; 
"EDS Percentage 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Forward 2" means Final Settlement Value 2 – Strike Percentage 2; 
"Put 2" means Max (Strike Percentage 2 – Final Settlement Value 2; Constant Percentage 13); 
"Put Spread 2" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 2 – Final Settlement Value 2; Constant 
Percentage 14); Spread Percentage 2); 
"Spread Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Call 2" means Max (Final Settlement Value 2 - Strike Percentage 2; Constant Percentage 15); 
"Call Spread 2" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value 2 - Strike Percentage 2; Constant 
Percentage 16); Spread Percentage 2); 
"Strike Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 157 ---
- 157 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
provided that if Physical Delivery Option 1 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, no Cash Settlement Amount, will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply. 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
 
a fixed percentage and if Option is Put, Put Spread, Call and Call Spread, an 
indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) with a 
minimum and a maximum; or 
 
a fixed percentage and if Option is Forward, indexation (subject to Gearing) to the 
value of the Underlying Reference(s) with a minimum and a maximum; or 
 
a fixed percentage and if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many 
Underlying Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater or lower than the EDS 
Barrier Percentage, with a minimum and a maximum and subject to Gearing; 
 
Physical Delivery may also apply. 
 
Multiple Final Payout – Reverse Convertible Securities 
(i) 
Multiple Final Payout – KI – Reverse Convertible Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final 
Payout – KI – Reverse Convertible Securities: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
RV × Constant Percentage 1; or 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
RV × Max (Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing × Option; Floor Percentage) 
Or 
RV × Min (Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing × Option; Cap Percentage) 
where: 
"Option" means Put, Put Spread, Call, Call Spread, EDS or Forward as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"EDS" means Max (EDS Percentage, Min (Constant Percentage 3 – nEDS × 
Loss Percentage, Constant Percentage 4)); 
"EDS Percentage" means the amount or percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"nEDS" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in 
respect of which the Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) 
less than or (iii) greater than or equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier Percentage; 
"Forward" means Final Settlement Value – Strike Percentage; 
"Put" means Max (Strike Percentage – Final Settlement Value; Constant 
Percentage 3);

--- Page 158 ---
- 158 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"Put Spread" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage – Final Settlement Value; 
Constant Percentage 3); Spread Percentage); 
"Call" means Max (Final Settlement Value - Strike Percentage; Constant 
Percentage 4); 
"Call Spread" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value - Strike Percentage; 
Constant Percentage 4); Spread Percentage); 
"Spread Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
provided that (aa) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (A) of this Formulas Condition 
1.1(oo)(i) apply and Physical Delivery Option 1 is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms or (bb) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (B) of this Formulas 
Condition 1.1(oo)(i) apply and Physical Delivery Option 2 is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, no Cash Settlement Amount, will be payable and Physical 
Delivery will apply. 
Description of the Final Payout 
If no Knock-in Event has occurred, the Final Payout comprises a fixed percentage 
equal to the Constant Percentage 1. 
If a Knock-in Event has occurred, the Final Payout is subject to a minimum or a 
maximum and comprises: 
 
if Option is Call, Call Spread, Put or Put Spread, an indexation (subject to 
Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) up to the Strike 
Percentage; 
 
if Option is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s); or 
 
if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many Underlying 
Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater than the EDS Barrier 
Percentage, subject to Gearing. When Gearing is positive the higher the 
number of Underlying References with a value above this barrier the higher 
the percentage. 
Physical Delivery may also apply. 
(ii) 
Multiple Final Payout – KI – Extended Reverse Convertible Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final 
Payout – KI – Extended Reverse Convertible Securities: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
RV × Constant Percentage 1; 
Or 
RV × Gearing 1 × Max (Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing 2 × Option 1; Floor 
Percentage 1) 
Or 
RV × Gearing 1 × Min (Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing 2 × Option 1; Cap 
Percentage 1)

--- Page 159 ---
- 159 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
RV × Constant Percentage 3; 
Or 
RV × Gearing 3 × Max (Constant Percentage 4 + Gearing 4 × Option 2; Floor 
Percentage 2) 
Or 
RV × Gearing 3 × Min (Constant Percentage 4 + Gearing 4 × Option 2; Cap 
Percentage 2) 
where: 
"Option 1" means Put 1, Put Spread 1, Call 1, Call Spread 1, EDS 1 or Forward 1 as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option 2" means Put 2, Put Spread 2, Call 2, Call Spread 2, EDS 2 or Forward 2 as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Option 1 
"EDS 1" means Max (EDS Percentage 1, Min (Constant Percentage 4 – nEDS 1 × Loss 
Percentage 1, Constant Percentage 5)); 
"nEDS 1" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of 
which the Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) 
greater than or equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
EDS Barrier Percentage 1; 
"EDS Percentage 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Forward 1" means Final Settlement Value 1 – Strike Percentage 1; 
"Put 1" means Max (Strike Percentage 1 – Final Settlement Value 1; Constant 
Percentage 6); 
"Put Spread 1" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 1 – Final Settlement Value 1; 
Constant Percentage 7); Spread Percentage 1); 
"Spread Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Call 1" means Max (Final Settlement Value 1 - Strike Percentage 1; Constant 
Percentage 8); 
"Call Spread 1" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value 1 - Strike Percentage 1; 
Constant Percentage 9); Spread Percentage 1); 
"Strike Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
Option 2 
"EDS 2" means Max (EDS Percentage 2, Min (Constant Percentage 10 – nEDS 2 × 
Loss Percentage 2, Constant Percentage 11));

--- Page 160 ---
- 160 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"nEDS 2" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of 
which the Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) 
greater than or equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
EDS Barrier Percentage 2; 
"EDS Percentage 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Forward 2" means Final Settlement Value 2 – Strike Percentage 2; 
"Put 2" means Max (Strike Percentage 2 – Final Settlement Value 2; Constant 
Percentage 12); 
"Put Spread 2" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 2 – Final Settlement Value 2; 
Constant Percentage 13); Spread Percentage 2); 
"Spread Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Call 2" means Max (Final Settlement Value 2 - Strike Percentage 2; Constant 
Percentage 14); and 
"Call Spread 2" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value 2 - Strike Percentage 2; 
Constant Percentage 15); Spread Percentage 2); 
"Strike Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
provided that (aa) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (A) of this Formulas Condition 
1.1(oo)(ii) apply and Physical Delivery Option 1 is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms or (bb) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (B) of this Formulas 
Condition 1.1(oo)(ii) apply and Physical Delivery Option 2 is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, no Cash Settlement Amount, will be payable and 
Physical Delivery will apply. 
Description of the Final Payout 
If no Knock-in Event has occurred, the Final Payout comprises a fixed percentage 
equal to the Constant Percentage 1 or, the Final Payout is subject to gearing and a 
minimum or a maximum and comprises: 
 
if Option is Call, Call Spread, Put or Put Spread, an indexation (subject to 
Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) up to the Strike 
Percentage; 
 
if Option is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s); or 
 
if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many Underlying 
Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater than the EDS Barrier 
Percentage, subject to Gearing. When Gearing is positive the higher the 
number of Underlying References with a value above this barrier the higher 
the percentage. 
If no Knock-in Event has occurred, the Final Payout comprises a fixed percentage 
equal to the Constant Percentage 3 or, the Final Payout is subject to gearing and a 
minimum or a maximum and comprises:

--- Page 161 ---
- 161 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
 
if Option is Call, Call Spread, Put or Put Spread, an indexation (subject to 
Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) up to the Strike 
Percentage; 
 
if Option is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s); or 
 
if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many Underlying 
Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater than the EDS Barrier 
Percentage, subject to Gearing. When Gearing is positive the higher the 
number of Underlying References with a value above this barrier the higher 
the percentage. 
Physical Delivery may also apply. 
(iii) 
Multiple Final Payout – KO – Extended Reverse Convertible Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final 
Payout – KO – Extended Reverse Convertible Securities: 
(A) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
RV × Constant Percentage 1; 
Or 
RV × Gearing 1 × Max (Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing 2 × Option 1; Floor 
Percentage 1) 
Or 
RV × Gearing 1 × Min (Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing 2 × Option 1; Cap 
Percentage 1) 
(B) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
RV × Constant Percentage 3; 
Or 
RV × Gearing 3 × Max (Constant Percentage 4 + Gearing 4 × Option 2; Floor 
Percentage 2) 
Or 
RV × Gearing 3 × Min (Constant Percentage 4 + Gearing 4 × Option 2; Cap 
Percentage 2) 
where: 
"Option 1" means Put 1, Put Spread 1, Call 1, Call Spread 1, EDS 1 or Forward 1 as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option 2" means Put 2, Put Spread 2, Call 2, Call Spread 2, EDS 2 or Forward 2 as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Option 1 
"EDS 1" means Max (EDS Percentage 1, Min (Constant Percentage 4 – nEDS 1 × Loss 
Percentage 1, Constant Percentage 5));

--- Page 162 ---
- 162 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"nEDS 1" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of 
which the Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) 
greater than or equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
EDS Barrier Percentage 1; 
"EDS Percentage 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Forward 1" means Final Settlement Value 1 – Strike Percentage 1; 
"Put 1" means Max (Strike Percentage 1 – Final Settlement Value 1; Constant 
Percentage 6); 
"Put Spread 1" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 1 – Final Settlement Value 1; 
Constant Percentage 7); Spread Percentage 1); 
"Spread Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Call 1" means Max (Final Settlement Value 1 - Strike Percentage 1; Constant 
Percentage 8); and 
"Call Spread 1" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value 1 - Strike Percentage 1; 
Constant Percentage 9); Spread Percentage 1); 
"Strike Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
Option 2 
"EDS 2" means Max (EDS Percentage 2, Min (Constant Percentage 10 – nEDS 2 × 
Loss Percentage 2, Constant Percentage 11)); 
"nEDS 2" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of 
which the Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) 
greater than or equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
EDS Barrier Percentage 2; 
"EDS Percentage 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Forward 2" means Final Settlement Value 2 – Strike Percentage 2; 
"Put 2" means Max (Strike Percentage 2 – Final Settlement Value 2; Constant 
Percentage 12); 
"Put Spread 2" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 2 – Final Settlement Value 2; 
Constant Percentage 13); Spread Percentage 2); 
"Spread Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Call 2" means Max (Final Settlement Value 2 - Strike Percentage 2; Constant 
Percentage 14); and 
"Call Spread 2" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value 2 - Strike Percentage 2; 
Constant Percentage 15); Spread Percentage 2);

--- Page 163 ---
- 163 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"Strike Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
provided that (aa) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (A) of this Formulas Condition 
1.1(oo)(iii) apply and Physical Delivery Option 1 is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms or (bb) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (B) of this Formulas 
Condition 1.1(oo)(iii) apply and Physical Delivery Option 2 is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms no Cash Settlement Amount, will be payable and 
Physical Delivery will apply. 
Description of the Final Payout 
If no Knock-out Event has occurred, the Final Payout comprises a fixed percentage 
equal to the Constant Percentage 1 or, the Final Payout is subject to gearing and a 
minimum or a maximum and comprises: 
 
if Option is Call, Call Spread, Put or Put Spread, an indexation (subject to 
Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) up to the Strike 
Percentage; 
 
if Option is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s); or 
 
if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many Underlying 
Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater than the EDS Barrier 
Percentage, subject to Gearing. When Gearing is positive the higher the 
number of Underlying References with a value above this barrier the higher 
the percentage. 
If no Knock-out Event has occurred, the Final Payout comprises a fixed percentage 
equal to the Constant Percentage 3 or, the Final Payout is subject to gearing and a 
minimum or a maximum and comprises: 
 
if Option is Call, Call Spread, Put or Put Spread, an indexation (subject to 
Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) up to the Strike 
Percentage; 
 
if Option is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s); or 
 
if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many Underlying 
Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater than the EDS Barrier 
Percentage, subject to Gearing. When Gearing is positive the higher the 
number of Underlying References with a value above this barrier the higher 
the percentage. 
(iv) 
Multiple Final Payout - KO Reverse Convertible Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final 
Payout - KO Reverse Convertible Securities: 
(A) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
RV × Constant Percentage 1; or 
(B) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
RV × Max (Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing × Option; Floor Percentage) 
Or

--- Page 164 ---
- 164 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
RV × Min (Constant Percentage 2+ Gearing × Option; Cap Percentage) 
where: 
"Option" means Put, Put Spread, Call, Call Spread, EDS or Forward as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"EDS" means Max (EDS Percentage, Min (Constant Percentage 3 – nEDS × Loss 
Percentage, Constant Percentage 4)); 
"nEDS" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of 
which the Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) 
greater than or equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
EDS Barrier Percentage; 
"EDS Percentage" means the amount or percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Forward" means Final Settlement Value – Strike Percentage; 
"Put" means Max (Strike Percentage – Final Settlement Value; Constant Percentage 
3); 
"Put Spread" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage – Final Settlement Value; Constant 
Percentage 3); Spread Percentage); 
"Call" means Max (Final Settlement Value - Strike Percentage; Constant Percentage 
3); 
"Call Spread" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value - Strike Percentage; Constant 
Percentage 3); Spread Percentage); 
"Spread Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
provided that (aa) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (A) of this Formulas Condition 
1.1(oo)(iv) apply and Physical Delivery Option 1 is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms or (bb) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (B) of this Formulas 
Condition 1.1(oo)(iv) apply and Physical Delivery Option 2 is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, no Cash Settlement Amount, as applicable, will be 
payable and Physical Delivery will apply. 
Description of the Final Payout 
If no Knock-out Event has occurred, the Final Payout comprises a fixed percentage 
equal to the Constant Percentage 1. 
If a Knock-out Event has occurred, the Final Payout is subject to a minimum and 
comprises: 
 
if Option is Call, Call Spread, Put or Put Spread, an indexation (subject to 
Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) up to the Final 
Settlement Value; 
 
if Option is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s); or 
 
if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many Underlying 
Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater than the EDS Barrier 
Percentage, subject to Gearing. When Gearing is positive the higher the

--- Page 165 ---
- 165 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
number of Underlying References with a value above this barrier the higher 
the percentage. 
Physical Delivery may also apply. 
(v) 
Multiple Final Payout – Vanilla KI Reverse Convertible Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as Multiple Final Payout – 
Vanilla KI Reverse Convertible Securities: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
RV × Constant Percentage 1; or 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
RV × Min (Cap Percentage, Gearing × Final Settlement Value + Constant 
Percentage 2); 
or 
RV × Max (Floor Percentage, Gearing × Final Settlement Value + Constant 
Percentage 2). 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, a fixed percentage equal to the Constant 
Percentage 1; or 
 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred, (A) the minimum of (i) Cap Percentage. 
and (ii) indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) multiplied for 
the relevant Gearing and increased by a fixed percentage equal to the 
Constant Percentage 2 or (B) the maximum of (i) Floor Percentage and (ii) 
indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) multiplied for the 
relevant Gearing and increased by a fixed percentage equal to the Constant 
Percentage 2. 
(vi) 
Multiple Final Payout – Vanilla KO Reverse Convertible Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final 
Payout – Vanilla KO Reverse Convertible Securities: 
(A) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
RV × Constant Percentage 1; or 
(B) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
RV × Max (Floor Percentage, Gearing × Final Settlement Value + Constant 
Percentage 2); 
or 
RV × Min (Cap Percentage, Gearing × Final Settlement Value + Constant 
Percentage 2). 
Description of the Final Payout

--- Page 166 ---
- 166 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
The Final Payout comprises: 
 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred, a fixed percentage equal to the Constant 
Percentage 1; or 
 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred, (A) the maximum of (i) Floor Percentage. 
and (ii) indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) multiplied for 
the relevant Gearing and increased by a fixed percentage equal to the 
Constant Percentage 2 or (B) the minimum of (i) Cap Percentage and (ii) 
indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) multiplied for the 
relevant Gearing and increased by a fixed percentage equal to the Constant 
Percentage 2. 
(vii) 
Multiple Final Payout – KIKO Reverse Convertible Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final 
Payout – KIKO Reverse Convertible Securities: 
(A) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
RV × Max (Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing 1 × Option 1; Constant 
Percentage 2); or 
RV × Min (Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing 1 × Option 1; Constant 
Percentage 2); 
(B) 
if no Knock-in Event and no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
RV × Constant Percentage 3; or 
(C) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
RV × Max (Constant Percentage 4 + Gearing 2 × Option 2; Constant 
Percentage 5); or 
RV × Min (Constant Percentage 4 + Gearing 2 × Option 2; Constant 
Percentage 5); 
where: 
"Gearing 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Gearing 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Option 1" means Put 1, Put Spread 1, Call 1, Call Spread 1, EDS 1 or Forward 1 as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option 2" means Put 2, Put Spread 2, Call 2, Call Spread 2, EDS 2 or Forward 2 as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Option 1 
"EDS 1" means Max (EDS Percentage 1, Min (Constant Percentage 6 – nEDS 1 × Loss 
Percentage 1, Constant Percentage 7)); 
"nEDS 1" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of 
which the Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) 
greater than or equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
EDS Barrier Percentage 1;

--- Page 167 ---
- 167 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"EDS Percentage 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Forward 1" means Final Settlement Value 1 – Strike Percentage 1; 
"Put 1" means Max (Strike Percentage 1 – Final Settlement Value 1; Constant 
Percentage 8); 
"Put Spread 1" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 1 – Final Settlement Value 1; 
Constant Percentage 9); Spread Percentage 1); 
"Spread Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Call 1" means Max (Final Settlement Value 1 - Strike Percentage 1; Constant 
Percentage 10); and 
"Call Spread 1" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value 1 - Strike Percentage 1; 
Constant Percentage 11); Spread Percentage 1); 
"Strike Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
Option 2 
"EDS 2" means Max (EDS Percentage 2, Min (Constant Percentage 12 – nEDS 2 × 
Loss Percentage 2, Constant Percentage 13)); 
"nEDS 2" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of 
which the Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) 
greater than or equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
EDS Barrier Percentage 2; 
"EDS Percentage 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Forward 2" means Final Settlement Value 2 – Strike Percentage 2; 
"Put 2" means Max (Strike Percentage 2 – Final Settlement Value 2; Constant 
Percentage 14); 
"Put Spread 2" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 2 – Final Settlement Value 2; 
Constant Percentage 15); Spread Percentage 2); 
"Spread Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Call 2" means Max (Final Settlement Value 2 - Strike Percentage 2; Constant 
Percentage 16); and 
"Call Spread 2" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value 2 - Strike Percentage 2; 
Constant Percentage 17); Spread Percentage 2); 
"Strike Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
provided that (aa) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (A) of this Formulas Condition 
1.1(oo)(vii) apply and Physical Delivery Option 1 is specified as applicable in the

--- Page 168 ---
- 168 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
applicable Final Terms or (bb) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (B) of this Formulas 
Condition 1.1(oo)(vii) apply and Physical Delivery Option 2 is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, or (cc) if the provisions of sub- paragraph (C) of this 
Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(vii) apply and Physical Delivery Option 3 is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms no Cash Settlement Amount, will be payable 
and Physical Delivery will apply. 
Description of the Final Payout 
If no Knock-in Event and no Knock-out Event has occurred, the Final Payout 
comprises a fixed percentage equal to the Constant Percentage. 
If a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event has occurred, the Final Payout is subject to 
a minimum or a maximum and comprises: 
 
if Option is Put, Put Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value 
of the Underlying Reference(s) up to the Strike Percentage; or 
 
if Option is Call and Call Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the 
value of the Underlying Reference(s) up to the Final Settlement Value; or 
 
if Option is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s); or 
 
if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many Underlying 
Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater or lower than the EDS Barrier 
Percentage, subject to Gearing. 
Physical Delivery may also apply. 
 
Multiple Final Payout – Plain Vanilla Securities 
(i) 
Multiple Final Payout – Plain Vanilla Call Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final 
Payout – Plain Vanilla Call Securities: 
RV × [Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing 1 × Max (Gearing 2 × (Final Settlement Value 
- Strike Percentage), Floor Percentage)] 
Description of the Final Payout  
The Final Payout comprises a Constant Percentage1 and indexed (subject to Gearing) 
to the geared value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Strike Percentage, 
subject to a Floor Percentage. 
(ii) 
Multiple Final Payout – Plain Vanilla Call Spread Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final 
Payout – Plain Vanilla Call Spread Securities: 
RV × { Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing 1 × Min [Max (Gearing 2 × (Final Settlement 
Value – Strike Percentage); Floor Percentage), Cap Percentage] } 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises a Constant Percentage 1 and indexed (subject to Gearing) 
to the geared value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Strike Percentage, 
subject to a Floor Percentage. This indexation cannot be higher than a Cap 
Percentage.

--- Page 169 ---
- 169 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
(iii) 
Multiple Final Payout – Plain Vanilla Put Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final 
Payout – PlainVanilla Put Securities: 
RV × [Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing 1 × Max (Gearing 2 × (Strike Percentage - 
Final Settlement Value); Floor Percentage)] 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises a Constant Percentage 1 and indexed (subject to Gearing) 
to the geared value of the Underlying Reference(s) below the Strike Percentage, 
subject to a Floor Percentage. 
(iv) 
Multiple Final Payout – Plain Vanilla Put Spread Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as Multiple Final Payout – 
Plain Vanilla Put Spread Securities: 
RV × { Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing 1 × Min [Max (Gearing 2 × (Strike Percentage 
– Final Settlement Value); Floor Percentage); Cap Percentage] } 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises a Constant Percentage 1 and indexed (subject to Gearing) 
to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) below the Strike Percentage, subject to a 
Floor Percentage. This indexation cannot be higher than a Cap Percentage. 
(v) 
Multiple Final Payout – Plain Vanilla KI Digital Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as Multiple Final Payout – 
Plain Vanilla KI Digital Securities: 
(A) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
RV × (Constant Percentage 1 + Bonus Coupon); or 
(B) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
RV × Constant Percentage 2. 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
 
if a Knock-in event has occurred, a fixed percentage and a Bonus Coupon. 
 
if a Knock-in event has not occurred: a different fixed percentage. 
(vi) 
Multiple Final Payout – Plain Vanilla KO Digital Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final 
Payout – Plain Vanilla KO Digital Securities: 
(A) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
RV × (Constant Percentage 1 + Bonus Coupon); or 
(B) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred:

--- Page 170 ---
- 170 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
RV × Constant Percentage 2. 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
 
if a Knock-out event has occurred, a fixed percentage and a Bonus Coupon. 
 
if a Knock-out event has not occurred: a different fixed percentage. 
(vii) 
Multiple Final Payout – Geared Knock-in Vanilla Call Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final 
Payout – Geared Knock-in Vanilla Call Securities: 
(A) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
RV × (Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing 1 × Max (Gearing 2 × (Final 
Settlement Value - Strike Percentage), Floor Percentage)); or 
(B) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
RV × Constant Percentage 2 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
 
a fixed percentage; and 
 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the 
geared value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Strike Percentage, 
subject to a Floor Percentage. 
(viii) 
Multiple Final Payout – Geared Knock-out Vanilla Call Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final 
Payout – Geared Knock-out Vanilla Call Securities: 
(A) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
RV × (Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing 1 × Max (Gearing 2 × (Final 
Settlement Value - Strike Percentage), Floor Percentage)); or 
(B) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
RV × Constant Percentage 2 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
 
a fixed percentage; and 
 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the 
geared value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Strike Percentage, 
subject to a Floor Percentage.

--- Page 171 ---
- 171 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
 
Multiple Final Payout – Standard Asian Securities 
(i) 
Multiple Final Payout – Standard Asian Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final 
Payout – Standard Asian Securities: 
(A) 
If Standard Asian Call Local Cap is specified as applicable then: 
RV × (Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing × Max (Sum (i = 1, 2, …, M) W(i) × 
(Min (Max (Final Settlement Value(i) - Strike Percentage(i), Local Floor 
Percentage(i), Local Cap Percentage(i))); Floor Percentage)) 
(B) 
If Standard Asian Call Local Cap is specified as not applicable: 
RV × (Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing × Max (Sum (i = 1, 2, …, M) W(i) × 
Max (Final Settlement Value(i) - Strike Percentage(i), Local Floor Percentage(i) 
); Floor Percentage)) 
(C) 
If Standard Asian Put Local Cap is specified as applicable, then: 
RV × (Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing × Max (Sum (i = 1, 2, …, M) W(i) × 
(Min (Max (Strike Percentage(i) - Final Settlement Value(i), Local Floor 
Percentage(i) ), Local Cap Percentage(i) )); Floor Percentage)) 
(D) 
If Standard Asian Put Local Cap is specified as not applicable: 
RV × (Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing × Max (Sum (i = 1, 2, …, M) W(i) × 
Max (Strike Percentage(i) - Final Settlement Value(i), Local Floor Percentage(i) 
); Floor Percentage)) 
where: 
"Final Settlement Value(i)" means the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple 
Value and Performance Definitions for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 
(Greatest Period Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest 
Period Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for 
MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for MFP 
Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Local Floor Percentage(i)" as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Local Cap Percentage(i)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"M" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"W(i)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Strike Percentage(i)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Standard Asian Call Local Cap" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Standard Asian Put Local Cap" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises a fixed percentage equal to Constant Percentage 1, an 
indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) when the 
average value is above or below the Strike Percentage subject to a Local Floor

--- Page 172 ---
- 172 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
Percentage and, possibly, a Local Cap Percentage on each observation and a Floor 
Percentage. 
(ii) 
Multiple Final Payout – Standard Collared Asian Spread Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final 
Payout – Standard Collared Asian Spread Securities: 
(A) 
If Standard Collared Asian Call Local Cap is specified as applicable then: 
RV × (Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing × Min (Max (Sum (i = 1, 2, …, M) 
W(i) × (Min (Max (Final Settlement Value(i) - Strike Percentage(i), Local Floor 
Percentage(i)), Local Cap Percentage(i))); Floor Percentage)); Cap Percentage) 
(B) 
If Standard Collared Asian Call Local Cap is specified as not applicable: 
RV × (Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing × Min (Max (Sum (i = 1, 2, …, M) 
W(i) × Max (Final Settlement Value(i) - Strike Percentage(i), Local Floor 
Percentage(i) ); Floor Percentage)); Cap Percentage) 
(C) 
If Standard Collared Asian Put Local Cap is specified as applicable then: 
RV × (Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing × Min (Max (Sum (i = 1, 2, …, M) 
W(i) × (Min (Max (Strike Percentage(i) - Final Settlement Value(i), Local Floor 
Percentage(i) ), Local Cap Percentage(i) )); Floor Percentage)); Cap 
Percentage) 
(D) 
If Standard Collared Asian Put Local Cap is specified as not applicable: 
RV × (Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing × Min [Max (Sum (i = 1, 2, …, M) 
W(i) × Max (Strike Percentage(i) - Final Settlement Value(i), Local Floor 
Percentage(i) ); Floor Percentage)); Cap Percentage] 
where: 
"Final Settlement Value(i)" means the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple 
Value and Performance Definitions for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 
(Greatest Period Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest 
Period Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for 
MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for MFP 
Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Local Floor Percentage(i)" as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Local Cap Percentage(i)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"M" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"W(i)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Strike Percentage(i)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Standard Collared Asian Call Local Cap" is as defined in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Standard Collared Asian Put Local Cap" is as defined in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Description of the Final Payout

--- Page 173 ---
- 173 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
The Final Payout comprises a fixed percentage equal to Constant Percentage 1 and 
an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) when 
the average value is above the Strike Percentage subject to a Local Floor Percentage 
and, possibly, a Local Cap Percentage on each observation and a Floor Percentage 
and a Cap Percentage. 
 
Multiple Final Payout Standard Himalaya Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout 
Standard Himalaya Securities: 
RV × (Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing × Max (Sum (i = 1, 2, …, M) W(i) × Max (Best 
Lock Value(i) - Strike Percentage(i); Local Floor Percentage(i)); Floor Percentage)) 
where: 
"Local Floor Percentage(i)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"M" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"W(i)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; and 
"BestLockValue(i)" means the highest Underlying Reference Value on MFP Valuation Date(i) 
of the Underlying Reference(s) in Relevant Basket(i); and 
"Relevant Basket(i)" means, in respect of MFP Valuation Date(i), a Basket comprising each 
Underlying Reference in Relevant Basket(i-1) but excluding the Underlying Reference in relation 
to BestLockValue(i-1). Relevant Basket(i=1) will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Strike Percentage(i)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises a fixed percentage equal to Constant Percentage 1 and an 
indexation (subject to Gearing) to the Underlying References above the Strike Percentage in 
accordance with certain selection criteria on each MFP Valuation Date. In particular, the value 
of the best performing Underlying Reference in the basket is calculated and then removed from 
such basket for the following MFP Valuation Dates, therefore providing an indexation to the 
average of those calculated values (the BestLockValues) above the Strike Percentage. The 
minimum level is equal to Floor Percentage. 
 
Multiple Final Payout – Dispersion Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Dispersion Securities: 
RV × [Constant Percentage 1 + Max (Global Floor Percentage; (1/K) × Sum (k=1, 2,…,K) 
Dispersion Value(k) – Strike Percentage)] 
where: 
"Dispersion Value(k)" means, in respect of the relevant Underlying Reference(k), the absolute 
value of: [Final Settlement Value(k) – Basket Value.] 
Description of the Payout 
The Payout comprises indexation to the average value of the Underlying Reference(s) when the 
average value is above the Strike Percentage subject to a minimum level of the Global Floor 
Percentage.

--- Page 174 ---
- 174 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
 
Multiple Final Payout - Step Securities 
(i) 
Multiple Final Payout - 3-Step Knock-in Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final 
Payout - 3-Step Knock-in Securities: 
(A) 
if the Final Settlement Condition is satisfied: 
RV × (Constant Percentage 1 + FS Exit Rate); or 
(B) 
if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-in Event has 
occurred: 
RV × (Constant Percentage 2 + Coupon Airbag Percentage) 
(C) 
if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied and a Knock-in Event has 
occurred: 
RV × Max (Constant Percentage 3 + Gearing × Option; Floor Percentage) 
where: 
"Option" means Put, Put Spread, Call, Call Spread, EDS or Forward as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"EDS" means Max (Floor Percentage, Min (Constant Percentage 4 – nEDS × Loss 
Percentage, Constant Percentage 5)); 
"Forward" means Final Settlement Value – Strike Percentage; 
"nEDS" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of 
which the Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) 
greater than or equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
EDS Barrier Percentage; 
"Call" means Max (Final Settlement Value - Strike Percentage; Constant Percentage 
4); 
"Call Spread" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value – Strike Percentage; Constant 
Percentage 4); Spread Percentage); 
"Put" means Max (Strike Percentage – Final Settlement Value; Constant Percentage 
4); 
"Put Spread" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage – Final Settlement Value; Constant 
Percentage 4); Spread Percentage), 
provided that (aa) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (A) of this Formulas Condition 
1.1(tt)(i) apply and Physical Delivery Option 1 is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms or (bb) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (B) of this Formulas 
Condition 1.1(tt)(i) apply and Physical Delivery Option 2 is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms or (cc) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) of this 
Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(i) apply and Physical Delivery Option 3 is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, no Cash Settlement Amount will be payable 
and Physical Delivery will apply. 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises:

--- Page 175 ---
- 175 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
 
if the Final Settlement Condition is satisfied, a fixed percentage plus a final 
exit rate (equal to the FS Exit Rate); 
 
if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-in Event has 
occurred, a fixed percentage (that may differ from the above fixed percentage) 
plus the Coupon Airbag Percentage; 
 
if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-in Event has 
occurred and if Option is Call, Call Spread, Put or Put Spread, an indexation 
(subject to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above or 
below the Strike Percentage, subject to a minimum; or 
 
if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-in Event has 
occurred and if Option is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the 
value of the Underlying Reference(s), subject to a minimum; or 
 
if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-in Event has 
occurred and if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many 
Underlying Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater than the EDS 
Barrier Percentage, subject to Gearing and a minimum. When Gearing is 
positive the higher the number of Underlying Reference(s) with a value above 
this barrier the higher the percentage. 
 
Physical Delivery may also apply. 
(ii) 
Multiple Final Payout - 3-Step Plus Knock-in Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final 
Payout - 3-Step Plus Knock-in Securities: 
(A) 
if the Final Settlement Condition is satisfied: 
RV × Max (Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing 1 × Option 1; Floor Percentage) 
Or 
RV × Min (Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing 1 × Option 1; Cap Percentage); 
or 
(B) 
if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-in Event has 
occurred: 
RV × (Constant Percentage 2 + Coupon Airbag Percentage) 
(C) 
if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied and a Knock-in Event has 
occurred: 
RV × Max (Constant Percentage 3 + Gearing 2 × Option 2; Floor Percentage) 
Or 
RV × Min (Constant Percentage 3 + Gearing 2 × Option 2; Cap Percentage) 
where: 
"Option 1" means Put 1, Put Spread 1, Call 1, Call Spread 1, EDS 1 or Forward 1 as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option 2" means Put 2, Put Spread 2, Call 2, Call Spread 2, EDS 2 or Forward 2 as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 176 ---
- 176 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
Option 1 
"EDS 1" means Max (EDS Percentage 1, Min (Constant Percentage 4 – nEDS 1 × Loss 
Percentage 1, Constant Percentage 5)); 
"nEDS 1" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of 
which the Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) 
greater than or equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
EDS Barrier Percentage 1; 
"EDS Percentage 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Forward 1" means Final Settlement Value 1 – Strike Percentage 1; 
"Put 1" means Max (Strike Percentage 1 – Final Settlement Value 1; Constant 
Percentage 6); 
"Put Spread 1" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 1 – Final Settlement Value 1; 
Constant Percentage 7); Spread Percentage 1); 
"Spread Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Call 1" means Max (Final Settlement Value 1 - Strike Percentage 1; Constant 
Percentage 8); and 
"Call Spread 1" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value 1 - Strike Percentage 1; 
Constant Percentage 9); Spread Percentage 1); 
"Strike Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
Option 2 
"EDS 2" means Max (EDS Percentage 2, Min (Constant Percentage 10 – nEDS 2 × 
Loss Percentage 2, Constant Percentage 11)); 
"nEDS 2" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of 
which the Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) 
greater than or equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
EDS Barrier Percentage 2; 
"EDS Percentage 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Forward 2" means Final Settlement Value 2 – Strike Percentage 2; 
"Put 2" means Max (Strike Percentage 2 – Final Settlement Value 2; Constant 
Percentage 12); 
"Put Spread 2" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 2 – Final Settlement Value 2; 
Constant Percentage 13); Spread Percentage 2); 
"Spread Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms;

--- Page 177 ---
- 177 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"Call 2" means Max (Final Settlement Value 2 - Strike Percentage 2; Constant 
Percentage 14); and 
"Call Spread 2" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value 2 - Strike Percentage 2; 
Constant Percentage 15); Spread Percentage 2); 
"Strike Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
provided that (aa) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (A) of this Formulas Condition 
1.1(tt)(ii) apply and Physical Delivery Option 1 is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms or (bb) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (B) of this Formulas 
Condition 1.1(tt)(ii) apply and Physical Delivery Option 2 is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, or (cc) if the provisions of sub- paragraph (C) of this 
Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(ii) apply and Physical Delivery Option 3 is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms no Cash Settlement Amount, will be payable 
and Physical Delivery will apply. 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
 
if the Final Settlement Condition is satisfied, and if Option is Call, Call 
Spread, Put or Put Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of 
the Underlying Reference(s) above or below the Strike Percentage, subject to 
a minimum or a maximum; or 
 
if the Final Settlement Condition is satisfied, and if Option is Forward, an 
indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s), 
subject to a minimum or a maximum; or 
 
if the Final Settlement Condition is satisfied, and if Option is EDS, a 
percentage that depends on how many Underlying Reference(s) in the basket 
have a value greater than the EDS Barrier Percentage, subject to Gearing 
and a minimum. When Gearing is positive the higher the number of 
Underlying Reference(s) with a value above this barrier the higher the 
percentage. 
 
if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-in Event has 
occurred, a fixed percentage (that may differ from the above fixed percentage) 
plus the Coupon Airbag Percentage; 
 
if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-in Event has 
occurred and if Option is Call, Call Spread, Put or Put Spread, an indexation 
(subject to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above or 
below the Strike Percentage, subject to a minimum or a maximum; or 
 
if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-in Event has 
occurred and if Option is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the 
value of the Underlying Reference(s), subject to a minimum or a maximum; 
or 
 
if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-in Event has 
occurred and if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many 
Underlying Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater than the EDS 
Barrier Percentage, subject to Gearing and a minimum. When Gearing is 
positive the higher the number of Underlying Reference(s) with a value above 
this barrier the higher the percentage. 
 
Physical Delivery may also apply.

--- Page 178 ---
- 178 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
(iii) 
Multiple Final Payout - 3-Step Knock-out Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final 
Payout - 3-Step Knock-out Securities: 
(A) 
if the Final Settlement Condition is satisfied: 
RV × (Constant Percentage 1 + FS Exit Rate); or 
(B) 
if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-out Event has 
occurred: 
RV × (Constant Percentage 2 + Coupon Airbag Percentage) 
(C) 
if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied and a Knock-out Event has 
occurred: 
RV × Max (Constant Percentage 3 + Gearing × Option; Floor Percentage) 
where: 
"Option" means Call, Call Spread, Put, Put Spread, EDS or Forward as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"EDS" means Max (Cap Percentage, Min (Constant Percentage 4 – nEDS × Loss 
Percentage, Constant Percentage 5)); 
"Forward" means Final Settlement Value – Strike Percentage; 
"nEDS" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of 
which the Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) 
greater than or equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
EDS Barrier Percentage; 
"Call" means Max (Final Settlement Value - Strike Percentage; Constant Percentage 
4); 
"Call Spread" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value - Strike Percentage; Constant 
Percentage 4); Spread Percentage), 
"Put" means Max (Strike Percentage – Final Settlement Value; Constant Percentage 
4); and 
"Put Spread" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage – Final Settlement Value; Constant 
Percentage 4); Spread Percentage), 
provided that (aa) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (A) of this Formulas Condition 
1.1(tt)(iii) apply and Physical Delivery Option 1 is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms or (bb) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (B) of this Formulas 
Condition 1.1(tt)(iii) apply and Physical Delivery Option 2 is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms or (cc) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) of this 
Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(iii) apply and Physical Delivery Option 3 is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, no Cash Settlement Amount will be payable 
and Physical Delivery will apply. 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises:

--- Page 179 ---
- 179 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
 
if the Final Settlement Condition is satisfied, a fixed percentage plus a final 
exit rate (equal to the FS Exit Rate); 
 
if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-out Event has 
occurred, a fixed percentage (that may differ from the above fixed 
percentage); 
 
if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied, a Knock- out Event has 
occurred and if Option is Put, Put Spread, Call or Call Spread, an indexation 
(subject to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) below or 
above the Strike Percentage, subject to a minimum; or 
 
if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied, a Knock- out Event has 
occurred and if Option is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the 
value of the Underlying Reference(s), subject to a minimum; or 
 
if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied, a Knock- out Event has 
occurred and if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many 
Underlying Reference(s) in the basket have a value lower than the EDS 
Barrier Percentage, subject to Gearing and a minimum. When Gearing is 
positive the higher the number of Underlying Reference(s) with a value below 
this barrier the higher the percentage. 
 
Physical Delivery may also apply. 
(iv) 
Multiple Final Payout - 3-Step Plus Knock-out Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final 
Payout - 3-Step Plus Knock-out Securities: 
(A) 
if the Final Settlement Condition is satisfied: 
RV × Max (Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing 1 × Option 1; Floor Percentage) 
Or 
RV × Min (Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing 1 × Option 1; Cap Percentage); 
or 
(B) 
if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-out Event has 
occurred: 
RV × (Constant Percentage 2 + Coupon Airbag Percentage) 
(C) 
if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied and a Knock-out Event has 
occurred: 
RV × Max (Constant Percentage 3 + Gearing 2 × Option 2; Floor Percentage) 
Or 
RV × Min (Constant Percentage 3 + Gearing 2 × Option 2; Cap Percentage) 
where: 
"Option 1" means Put 1, Put Spread 1, Call 1, Call Spread 1, EDS 1 or Forward 1 as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option 2" means Put 2, Put Spread 2, Call 2, Call Spread 2, EDS 2 or Forward 2 as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 180 ---
- 180 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
Option 1 
"EDS 1" means Max (EDS Percentage 1, Min (Constant Percentage 4 – nEDS 1 × Loss 
Percentage 1, Constant Percentage 5)); 
"nEDS 1" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of 
which the Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) 
greater than or equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
EDS Barrier Percentage 1; 
"EDS Percentage 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Forward 1" means Final Settlement Value 1 – Strike Percentage 1; 
"Put 1" means Max (Strike Percentage 1 – Final Settlement Value 1; Constant 
Percentage 6); 
"Put Spread 1" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 1 – Final Settlement Value 1; 
Constant Percentage 7); Spread Percentage 1); 
"Spread Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Call 1" means Max (Final Settlement Value 1 - Strike Percentage 1; Constant 
Percentage 8); and 
"Call Spread 1" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value 1 - Strike Percentage 1; 
Constant Percentage 9); Spread Percentage 1); 
"Strike Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
Option 2 
"EDS 2" means Max (EDS Percentage 2, Min (Constant Percentage 10 – nEDS 2 × 
Loss Percentage 2, Constant Percentage 11)); 
"nEDS 2" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of 
which the Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) 
greater than or equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
EDS Barrier Percentage 2; 
"EDS Percentage 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Forward 2" means Final Settlement Value 2 – Strike Percentage 2; 
"Put 2" means Max (Strike Percentage 2 – Final Settlement Value 2; Constant 
Percentage 12); 
"Put Spread 2" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 2 – Final Settlement Value 2; 
Constant Percentage 13); Spread Percentage 2); 
"Spread Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms;

--- Page 181 ---
- 181 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"Call 2" means Max (Final Settlement Value 2 - Strike Percentage 2; Constant 
Percentage 14); and 
"Call Spread 2" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value 2 - Strike Percentage 2; 
Constant Percentage 15); Spread Percentage 2); 
"Strike Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
provided that (aa) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (A) of this Formulas Condition 
1.1(tt)(iv) apply and Physical Delivery Option 1 is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms or (bb) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (B) of this Formulas 
Condition 1.1(tt)(iv) apply and Physical Delivery Option 2 is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, or (cc) if the provisions of sub- paragraph (C) of this 
Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(iv) apply and Physical Delivery Option 3 is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms no Cash Settlement Amount, will be payable 
and Physical Delivery will apply. 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
 
if the Final Settlement Condition is satisfied, and if Option is Call, Call 
Spread, Put or Put Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of 
the Underlying Reference(s) above or below the Strike Percentage, subject to 
a minimum or a maximum; or 
 
if the Final Settlement Condition is satisfied, and if Option is Forward, an 
indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s), 
subject to a minimum or a maximum; or 
 
if the Final Settlement Condition is satisfied, and if Option is EDS, a 
percentage that depends on how many Underlying Reference(s) in the basket 
have a value greater than the EDS Barrier Percentage, subject to Gearing 
and a minimum. When Gearing is positive the higher the number of 
Underlying Reference(s) with a value above this barrier the higher the 
percentage. 
 
if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-out Event has 
occurred, a fixed percentage (that may differ from the above fixed percentage) 
plus the Coupon Airbag Percentage; 
 
if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-out Event has 
occurred and if Option is Call, Call Spread, Put or Put Spread, an indexation 
(subject to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above or 
below the Strike Percentage, subject to a minimum or a maximum; or 
 
if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-out Event has 
occurred and if Option is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the 
value of the Underlying Reference(s), subject to a minimum or a maximum; 
or 
 
if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-out Event has 
occurred and if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many 
Underlying Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater than the EDS 
Barrier Percentage, subject to Gearing and a minimum. When Gearing is 
positive the higher the number of Underlying Reference(s) with a value above 
this barrier the higher the percentage. 
 
Physical Delivery may also apply.

--- Page 182 ---
- 182 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
(v) 
Multiple Final Payout – 4-Step Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final 
Payout – 4 Step Securities: 
(A) 
if the Final Settlement Condition is satisfied: 
RV × (Constant Percentage 1+ FS Exit Rate) 
(B) 
if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-out Event has 
occurred and no Knock-In Event has occurred: 
RV × (Constant Percentage 2 + Coupon Airbag Percentage 1); or 
(C) 
if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied, no Knock-out Event has 
occurred and no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
RV × (Constant Percentage 3 + Coupon Airbag Percentage 2); or 
(D) 
if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied and if no Knock-out Event 
has occurred but a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
RV × Max (Constant Percentage 4 + Gearing × Option; Floor Percentage) 
where: 
"Option" means Put, Put Spread, Call, Call Spread or Forward as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Forward" means Final Settlement Value – Strike Percentage; 
"Call" means Max (Final Settlement Value - Strike Percentage; Constant Percentage 
5); and 
"Call Spread" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value - Strike Percentage; Constant 
Percentage 5); Spread Percentage), 
"Put" means Max (Strike Percentage – Final Settlement Value; Constant Percentage 
5); and 
"Put Spread" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage – Final Settlement Value; Constant 
Percentage 5); Cap Percentage). 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
 
if the Final Settlement Condition is satisfied, a fixed percentage plus a final 
exit rate (equal to the FS Exit Rate); 
 
if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-out Event has 
occurred and no Knock-in Event has occurred a fixed percentage (that may 
differ from the above fixed percentage); 
 
if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-out Event and 
no Knock-in Event has occurred, a fixed percentage (that may differ from the 
above fixed percentages); or 
 
if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-out Event has 
occurred but a Knock-in Event has occurred, if Option is Call, Call Spread,

--- Page 183 ---
- 183 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
Put or Put Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s) above or below the Strike Percentage, subject to a 
minimum; or if Option is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the 
value of the Underlying Reference(s), subject to a minimum. 
(vi) 
Multiple Final Payout - Standard 3-Step Knock-in Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as Multiple Final Payout – 
Standard 3 Step Knock-in Securities 
(A) 
If FS Barrier Value is greater than the Final Settlement Condition Level: 
RV × (Fixed Percentage 1 + FS Exit Rate); or 
(B) 
If FS Barrier Value is less than or equal to the Final Settlement Condition 
Level and no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
RV × (Fixed Percentage 2 + Coupon Airbag Percentage); or 
(C) 
If FS Barrier Value is less than or equal to the Final Settlement Condition 
Level and a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
RV × Min (Fixed Percentage 3, Gearing × Final Settlement Value) 
where: 
"Fixed Percentage 1" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fixed Percentage 2" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fixed Percentage 3" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
 
if the FS Barrier Value on the MFP FS Barrier Valuation Date is greater than 
the Final Settlement Condition Level, Fixed Percentage 1 plus a final exit rate 
(equal to the FS Exit Rate); 
 
if the FS Barrier Value on the MFP FS Barrier Valuation Date is equal to or 
less than the Final Settlement Condition Level and no Knock-in Event has 
occurred, Fixed Percentage 2 plus a fixed percentage; or 
 
if the FS Barrier Value on the MFP FS Barrier Valuation Date is equal to or 
less than the Final Settlement Condition Level and a Knock-in Event has 
occurred, the minimum of a Fixed Percentage 3 and indexation (subject to 
Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s). 
(vii) 
Multiple Final Payout - Standard 3-Step Knock-out Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as Multiple Final Payout - 
Standard 3-Step Knock-out Securities: 
(A) 
If FS Barrier Value is lower than the Final Settlement Condition Level: 
RV × (Fixed Percentage 1 + FS Exit Rate); or 
(B) 
If FS Barrier Value is greater than or equal to the Final Settlement Condition 
Level and no Knock-out Event has occurred:

--- Page 184 ---
- 184 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
RV × (Fixed Percentage 2 + Coupon Airbag Percentage); or 
(C) 
If FS Barrier Value is greater than or equal to the Final Settlement Condition 
Level and a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
RV × Min (Fixed Percentage 3, Gearing × Final Settlement Value) 
where: 
"Fixed Percentage 1" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fixed Percentage 2" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fixed Percentage 3" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
 
if the FS Barrier Value on the MFP FS Barrier Valuation Date is lower than 
the Final Settlement Condition Level, a Fixed Percentage 1 plus a final exit 
rate (equal to the FS Exit Rate); 
 
if the FS Barrier Value on the MFP FS Barrier Valuation Date is equal to or 
greater than the Final Settlement Condition Level and no Knock-out Event 
has occurred, a Fixed Percentage 2 plus a fixed percentage; or 
 
if the FS Barrier Value on the MFP FS Barrier Valuation Date is equal to or 
greater than the Final Settlement Condition Level and a Knock-out Event has 
occurred, the minimum of a Fixed Percentage 3 and indexation (subject to 
Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s). 
(viii) 
Multiple Final Payout - Standard 2 -Step Barrier Down Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as Multiple Final Payout - 
Standard 2 -Step Barrier Down Securities: 
(A) 
If FS Barrier Value is greater than the Final Settlement Condition Level: 
RV × (Fixed Percentage 1 + FS Exit Rate); or 
(B) 
If FS Barrier Value is less than or equal to the Final Settlement Condition 
Level: 
RV × Min (Fixed Percentage 2, Final Settlement Value) 
where: 
"Fixed Percentage 1" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fixed Percentage 2" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
 
if the FS Barrier Value on the MFP FS Barrier Valuation Date is greater than 
the Final Settlement Condition Level, Fixed Percentage 1 plus a final exit rate 
(equal to the FS Exit Rate);

--- Page 185 ---
- 185 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
 
if the FS Barrier Value on the MFP FS Barrier Valuation Date is equal to or 
less than the Final Settlement Condition Level, the minimum of Fixed 
Percentage 2 and indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s). 
(ix) 
Multiple Final Payout - Standard 2 -Step Barrier Up Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as Multiple Final Payout - 
Standard 2 -Step Barrier Up Securities: 
(A) 
If FS Barrier Value is less than the Final Settlement Condition Level: 
RV × (Fixed Percentage 1 + FS Exit Rate); or 
(B) 
If FS Barrier Value is greater than or equal to the Final Settlement Condition 
Level: 
RV × Min (Fixed Percentage 2, Final Settlement Value) 
where: 
"Fixed Percentage 1" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fixed Percentage 2" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
 
if the FS Barrier Value on the MFP FS Barrier Valuation Date is less than 
the Final Settlement Condition Level, Fixed Percentage 1 plus a final exit rate 
(equal to the FS Exit Rate); 
 
if the FS Barrier Value on the MFP FS Barrier Valuation Date is equal to or 
greater than the Final Settlement Condition Level, the minimum of Fixed 
Percentage 2 and indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s). 
(x) 
Multiple Final Payout - 2 -Step Knock-in Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final 
Payout - 2 -Step Knock-in Securities: 
(A) 
if the Knock-in Event has not occurred: 
RV × (Constant Percentage 1 + FS Exit Rate); or 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
RV × Max (Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing × Option; Floor Percentage) 
where: 
"Option" means Put, Put Spread, Call, Call Spread, EDS or Forward as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"EDS" means Max (Floor Percentage, Min (Constant Percentage 3 – nEDS × Loss 
Percentage, Constant Percentage 4)); 
"Forward" means Final Settlement Value – Strike Percentage;

--- Page 186 ---
- 186 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"nEDS" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of 
which the Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) 
greater than or equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
EDS Barrier Percentage; 
"Call" means Max (Final Settlement Value - Strike Percentage; Constant Percentage 
3); 
"Call Spread" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value – Strike Percentage; Constant 
Percentage 3); Spread Percentage); 
"Put" means Max (Strike Percentage – Final Settlement Value; Constant Percentage 
3); and 
"Put Spread" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage – Final Settlement Value; Constant 
Percentage 3); Spread Percentage), 
provided that (aa) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (A) of this Formulas Condition 
1.1(tt)(x) apply and Physical Delivery Option 1 is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms or (bb) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (B) of this Formulas 
Condition 1.1(tt)(x) apply and Physical Delivery Option 2 is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, no Cash Settlement Amount will be payable and Physical 
Delivery will apply. 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
 
if a Knock-in Event has not occurred, a fixed percentage plus a final exit rate 
(equal to the FS Exit Rate); 
 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and Option is Call, Call Spread, Put or Put 
Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying 
Reference(s) above or below the Strike Percentage, subject to a minimum; or 
 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and Option is Forward, an indexation 
(subject to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s), subject to a 
minimum; or 
 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and Option is EDS, a percentage that 
depends on how many Underlying Reference(s) in the basket have a value 
greater than the EDS Barrier Percentage. When Gearing is positive the 
higher the number of Underlying Reference(s) with a value above this barrier 
the higher the percentage, subject to Gearing and a minimum. 
 
Physical Delivery may also apply. 
(xi) 
Multiple Final Payout - 2 -Step Knock-out Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final 
Payout - 2 -Step Knock-out Securities: 
(A) 
if the Knock-out Event has not occurred: 
RV × (Constant Percentage 1 + FS Exit Rate); or 
(B) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
RV × Max (Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing × Option; Floor Percentage)

--- Page 187 ---
- 187 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
where: 
"Option" means Put, Put Spread, Call, Call Spread, EDS or Forward as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"EDS" means Max (Floor Percentage, Min (Constant Percentage 3 – nEDS × Loss 
Percentage, Constant Percentage 4)); 
"Forward" means Final Settlement Value – Strike Percentage; 
"nEDS" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of 
which the Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) 
greater than or equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
EDS Barrier Percentage; 
"Call" means Max (Final Settlement Value - Strike Percentage; Constant Percentage 
3); 
"Call Spread" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value – Strike Percentage; Constant 
Percentage 3); Spread Percentage); 
"Put" means Max (Strike Percentage – Final Settlement Value; Constant Percentage 
3); 
"Put Spread" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage – Final Settlement Value; Constant 
Percentage 3); Spread Percentage), 
provided that (aa) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (A) of this Formulas Condition 
1.1(tt)(xi) apply and Physical Delivery Option 1 is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms or (bb) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (B) of this Formulas 
Condition 1.1(tt)(xi) apply and Physical Delivery Option 2 is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, no Cash Settlement Amount will be payable and 
Physical Delivery will apply. 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
 
if a Knock-out Event has not occurred, a fixed percentage plus a final exit 
rate (equal to the FS Exit Rate); 
 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred and Option is Call, Call Spread, Put or 
Put Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying 
Reference(s) above or below the Strike Percentage, subject to a minimum; or 
 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred and Option is Forward, an indexation 
(subject to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s), subject to a 
minimum; or 
 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred and Option is EDS, a percentage that 
depends on how many Underlying Reference(s) in the basket have a value 
greater than the EDS Barrier Percentage, subject to Gearing and a minimum. 
When Gearing is positive the higher the number of Underlying Reference(s) 
with a value above this barrier the higher the percentage. 
 
Physical Delivery may also apply. 
 
Multiple Final Payout - Performance Securities 
(i) 
Multiple Final Payout - Geared Call Performance Securities

--- Page 188 ---
- 188 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final 
Payout - Geared Call Performance Securities 
i. 
if Cap is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
RV × {Constant Percentage 1 + [Final Settlement Value + Additional Gearing 
× Max (Final Settlement Value - Strike Percentage, Floor Percentage)]} 
ii. 
if Cap is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
RV × {Constant Percentage 1 + Min [Final Settlement Value + Additional 
Gearing × Max (Final Settlement Value - Strike Percentage, Floor 
Percentage), Cap Percentage]} 
Description of the Final Payout 
 
If Cap is specified as not applicable, the Final Payout comprises an 
indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) and an additional 
indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) 
above the Strike Percentage. (subject to a minimum of the Floor Percentage); 
 
If Cap is specified as applicable, the Final Payout provides a limited 
maximum upside and comprises an indexation to the value of the Underlying 
Reference(s) and an additional indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value 
of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Strike Percentage (subject to a 
minimum of the Floor Percentage), subject to a cap of the Cap Percentage. 
(ii) 
Multiple Final Payout - Multi Performance Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final 
Payout - Multi Performance Securities: 
i. 
if Cap and Floor are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
RV × { Fixed Percentage + [Sum (n = 1, 2, …, N) W(n) × (Constant 
Percentage(n) + Gearing(n) × Option(n) )] } 
ii. 
if Cap is specified as applicable and Floor is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
RV × { Fixed Percentage + Min [Sum (n = 1, 2, …, N) W(n) × (Constant 
Percentage(n) + Gearing(n) × Option(n) ), Global Cap] } 
iii. 
if Cap is specified as not applicable and Floor is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
RV × { Fixed Percentage + Max [Sum (n = 1, 2, …, N) W(n) × (Constant 
Percentage(n) + Gearing(n) × Option(n) ), Global Floor] } 
iv. 
if Cap and Floor are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
RV × { Fixed Percentage + Min [Max [Sum (n = 1, 2, …, N) W(n) × (Constant 
Percentage(n) + Gearing(n) × Option(n) ), Global Floor], Global Cap] } 
where: 
"Constant Percentagen" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Gearingn" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 189 ---
- 189 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"Generic Percentage(n,1)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Generic Percentage(n,2)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Floor Percentage(n)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Loss Percentage(n)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Final Settlement Value(n)" means the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple 
Value and Performance Definitions for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 
(Greatest Period Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest 
Period Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for 
MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for MFP 
Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Strike Percentage(n)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Spread Percentage(n)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"W(n)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"n" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Cap" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Floor" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Optionn" means Put(n), Put Spread(n), Call(n), Call Spread(n), EDS(n) or Forward(n) as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"EDS(n)" means Max (Floor Percentage(n), Min (Generic Percentage(n,1) – nEDS(n) × 
Loss Percentage(n), Generic Percentage (n,2))); 
"Forward(n)" means Final Settlement Value(n) – Strike Percentage(n); 
"nEDS(n)" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of 
which the Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) 
greater than or equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
EDS Barrier Percentage(n); 
"EDS Barrier Percentage(n)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Call(n)" means Max (Final Settlement Value(n) - Strike Percentage(n); Generic 
Percentage(n,1)); 
"Call Spread(n)" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value(n) – Strike Percentage(n); 
Generic Percentage(n,1)); Spread Percentage(n)); 
"Put(n)" means Max (Strike Percentage(n) – Final Settlement Value(n); Generic 
Percentage(n,1)); 
"Put Spread(n)" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage(n) – Final Settlement Value(n); 
Generic Percentage(n,1)); Spread Percentage(n)). 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
 
a fixed percentage and if Option is Forward, Call, Call Spread, Put or Put 
Spread the weighted sum of a constant percentage and an indexation (subject

--- Page 190 ---
- 190 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
to Gearing) to the Underlying Reference(s) above or below the Strike 
Percentage; or 
 
a fixed percentage and Option is EDS, the weighted sum of a constant 
percentage and a percentage that depends on how many Underlying 
Reference(s) in the basket(s) have a value greater than the EDS Barrier 
Percentage, subject to Gearing. When Gearing is positive the higher the 
number of Underlying Reference(s) with a value above this barrier the higher 
the percentage. 
 
The Final Payout may be subject to a Global Cap and/or Global Floor. 
 
Physical Delivery may also apply. 
(iii) 
Multiple Final Payout – (Capped) Multi Knock-Out Bonus Performance 
Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final 
Payout – (Capped) Knock- Out Bonus Performance Securities: 
(A) 
if Cap is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(x) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
RV × (Constant Percentage 1 + Final Settlement Value 1); or 
(y) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
RV × (Constant Percentage 1 + Max (Bonus Percentage, Final 
Settlement Value 2)) 
(B) 
if Cap is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(x) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
RV × [Constant Percentage 1 + Final Settlement Value 1 – Max 
(Final Settlement Value 2 - Cap Percentage 1, Floor Percentage)]; or 
(y) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
RV × [Constant Percentage 1 + Max (Bonus Percentage, Final 
Settlement Value 3) – Max (Final Settlement Value 4 - Cap 
Percentage 2, Floor Percentage)] 
Description of the Final Payout 
If Cap is specified as not applicable the Final Payout comprises: 
 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred, a minimum percentage and indexation 
to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Bonus Percentage; or 
 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred, a minimum percentage and an indexation 
to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) (this value may differ from the 
above value). 
If Cap is specified as applicable the Final Payout provides limited maximum upside 
and comprises:

--- Page 191 ---
- 191 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred, a minimum percentage and indexation 
to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Bonus Percentage, up 
to a maximum level and subject to a minimum level; or 
 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred, a minimum percentage and an indexation 
to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) (this value may differ from the 
above value), up to a maximum level and subject to a minimum level. 
(iv) 
Multiple Final Payout – (Capped) Multi Knock-In Bonus Performance Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final 
Payout – (Capped) Knock-In Bonus Performance Securities: 
(A) 
if Cap is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(x) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
RV × (Constant Percentage 1 + Final Settlement Value 1); or 
(y) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
RV × (Constant Percentage 1 + Max (Bonus Percentage, Final 
Settlement Value 2)). 
(B) 
if Cap is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(x) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
RV × [Constant Percentage 1 + Final Settlement Value 1 - Max 
(Final Settlement Value 2 - Cap Percentage 1, Floor Percentage 1)]; 
or 
(y) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
RV × [Constant Percentage 1 + Max (Bonus Percentage, Final 
Settlement Value 3) - Max (Final Settlement Value 4 - Cap 
Percentage 2, Floor Percentage 2)] 
Description of the Final Payout 
If Cap is specified as not applicable the Final Payout comprises: 
 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, a minimum percentage and indexation to 
the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Bonus Percentage; or 
 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred, a minimum percentage and an indexation 
to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) (this value may differ from the 
above value). 
If Cap is specified as applicable the Final Payout provides limited maximum upside 
and comprises: 
 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, a minimum percentage and indexation to 
the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Bonus Percentage, up to 
a maximum level and subject to a minimum level; or 
 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred, a minimum percentage and an indexation 
to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) (this value may differ from the 
above value), up to a maximum level and subject to a minimum level.

--- Page 192 ---
- 192 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
(v) 
Multiple Final Payout – 2 -Step KI Multi Bonus Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final 
Payout – 2 -Step KI Multi Bonus Securities: 
(A) 
if the Knock-in Event has not occurred: 
RV × Gearing 1 × (Constant Percentage 1 + Bonus Percentage 1 + Gearing 2 
× Option – Bonus Percentage 2); or 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
RV × Gearing 3 × Max (Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing 4 × Option; Floor 
Percentage) 
where: 
"Option" means Put, Put Spread, Call, Call Spread, EDS or Forward as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"EDS" means Max (Floor Percentage, Min (Constant Percentage 3 – nEDS × Loss 
Percentage, Constant Percentage 4)); 
"Forward" means Final Settlement Value – Strike Percentage; 
"nEDS" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of 
which the Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) 
greater than or equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
EDS Barrier Percentage; 
"Call" means Max (Final Settlement Value - Strike Percentage; Constant Percentage 
3); 
"Call Spread" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value – Strike Percentage; Constant 
Percentage 3); Spread Percentage); 
"Put" means Max (Strike Percentage – Final Settlement Value; Constant Percentage 
3); and 
"Put Spread" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage – Final Settlement Value; Constant 
Percentage 3); Spread Percentage), 
provided that (aa) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (A) of this Formulas Condition 
1.1(uu)(v) apply and Physical Delivery Option 1 is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms or (bb) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (B) of this Formulas 
Condition 1.1(uu)(v) apply and Physical Delivery Option 2 is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, no Cash Settlement Amount will be payable and 
Physical Delivery will apply. 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
 
If a Knock-in Event has not occurred: 
i. 
if Option is Put, Put Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the 
value of the Underlying Reference(s) up to the Strike Percentage; or

--- Page 193 ---
- 193 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
ii. 
if Option is Call and Call Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) 
to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) up to the Final Settlement 
Value; or 
iii. 
if Option is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value 
of the Underlying Reference(s); or 
iv. 
if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many Underlying 
Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater or lower than the EDS 
Barrier Percentage, subject to Gearing. 
 
If a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
i. 
if Option is Put, Put Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the 
value of the Underlying Reference(s) up to the Strike Percentage; or 
ii. 
if Option is Call and Call Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) 
to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) up to the Final Settlement 
Value; or 
iii. 
if Option is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value 
of the Underlying Reference(s); or 
iv. 
if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many Underlying 
Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater or lower than the EDS 
Barrier Percentage, subject to Gearing. 
All of the above (i) to (iv) are subject to a Floor. 
 
Physical Delivery may also apply. 
(vi) 
Multiple Final Payout – 3-Step Multi Bonus Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final 
Payout – 3-Step Multi Bonus Securities: 
(A) 
if the Final Settlement Condition is satisfied and no Knock-in Event has 
occurred: 
RV × Gearing 1 × (Constant Percentage 1 + Bonus Percentage 1 + Gearing 2 
× Option – Bonus Percentage 2) 
(B) 
if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-in Event has 
occurred: 
RV × Gearing 3 × (Constant Percentage 2 + Bonus Percentage 3 + Gearing 4 
× Option – Bonus Percentage 4) 
(C) 
if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied and a Knock-in Event has 
occurred: 
RV × Gearing 5 × Max (Constant Percentage 3 + Gearing 6 × Option; Bonus 
Floor Percentage) 
where: 
"Option" means Put, Put Spread, Call, Call Spread, EDS or Forward as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 194 ---
- 194 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"EDS" means Max (Floor Percentage, Min (Constant Percentage 4 – nEDS × Loss 
Percentage, Constant Percentage 5)); 
"Forward" means Final Settlement Value – Strike Percentage; 
"nEDS" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of 
which the Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) 
greater than or equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
EDS Barrier Percentage; 
"Call" means Max (Final Settlement Value - Strike Percentage; Constant Percentage 
4); 
"Call Spread" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value – Strike Percentage; Constant 
Percentage 4); Spread Percentage); 
"Put" means Max (Strike Percentage – Final Settlement Value; Constant Percentage 
4); and 
"Put Spread" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage – Final Settlement Value; Constant 
Percentage 4); Spread Percentage), 
provided that (aa) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (A) of this Formulas Condition 
1.1(uu)(vi) apply and Physical Delivery Option 1 is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, (bb) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (B) of this Formulas 
Condition 1.1(uu)(vi) or (cc) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) of this Formulas 
Condition 1.1(uu)(vi) apply and Physical Delivery Option 2 is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, no Cash Settlement Amount will be payable and 
Physical Delivery will apply. 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
 
If the Final Settlement Condition is satisfied and no Knock-in Event has 
occurred: 
i. 
if Option is Put, Put Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the 
value of the Underlying Reference(s) up to the Strike Percentage; or 
ii. 
if Option is Call and Call Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) 
to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) up to the Final Settlement 
Value; or 
iii. 
if Option is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value 
of the Underlying Reference(s); or 
iv. 
if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many Underlying 
Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater or lower than the EDS 
Barrier Percentage, subject to Gearing. 
 
If the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-in Event has 
occurred: 
i. 
if Option is Put, Put Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the 
value of the Underlying Reference(s) up to the Strike Percentage; or 
ii. 
if Option is Call and Call Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) 
to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) up to the Final Settlement 
Value; or

--- Page 195 ---
- 195 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
iii. 
if Option is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value 
of the Underlying Reference(s); or 
iv. 
if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many Underlying 
Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater or lower than the EDS 
Barrier Percentage, subject to Gearing. 
 
If a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
i. 
if Option is Put, Put Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the 
value of the Underlying Reference(s) up to the Strike Percentage; or 
ii. 
if Option is Call and Call Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) 
to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) up to the Final Settlement 
Value; or 
iii. 
if Option is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value 
of the Underlying Reference(s); or 
iv. 
if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many Underlying 
Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater or lower than the EDS 
Barrier Percentage, subject to Gearing. 
All of the above (i) to (iv) are subject to a Floor. 
 
Physical Delivery may also apply. 
(vii) 
Multiple Final Payout – 3-Step Flexi Bonus Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final 
Payout – 3-Step Flexi Bonus Securities: 
(A) 
if the Final Settlement Condition is satisfied and no Knock-in Event has 
occurred: 
RV × Gearing 1 × (Constant Percentage 1 + Bonus Percentage 1 + Gearing 2 
× Option 1 – Bonus Percentage 2) 
(B) 
if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-in Event has 
occurred: 
RV × Gearing 3 × (Constant Percentage 2 + Bonus Percentage 3 + Gearing 4 
× Option 2 – Bonus Percentage 4) 
(C) 
if the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied and a Knock-in Event has 
occurred: 
RV × Gearing 5 × Max (Constant Percentage 3 + Gearing 6 × Option 3; Bonus 
Floor Percentage) 
Option 1 
"Option 1" means Put 1, Put Spread 1, Call 1, Call Spread 1, EDS 1 or Forward 1 as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"EDS 1" means Max (Floor Percentage 1, Min (Constant Percentage 4 – nEDS 1 × 
Loss Percentage 1, Constant Percentage 5)); 
"Forward 1" means Final Settlement Value 1 – Strike Percentage 1;

--- Page 196 ---
- 196 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"nEDS 1" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of 
which the Final Settlement Value 1 is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) 
greater than or equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
EDS Barrier Percentage 1; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Call 1" means Max (Final Settlement Value 1 - Strike Percentage 1; Constant 
Percentage 4); 
"Call Spread 1" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value 1 – Strike Percentage 1; 
Constant Percentage 4); Spread Percentage 1); 
"Put 1" means Max (Strike Percentage 1 – Final Settlement Value 1; Constant 
Percentage 4); and 
"Put Spread 1" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 1 – Final Settlement Value 1; 
Constant Percentage 4); Spread Percentage 1), 
Option 2 
"Option 2" means Put 2, Put Spread 2, Call 2, Call Spread 2, EDS 2 or Forward 2 as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"EDS 2" means Max (Floor Percentage 2, Min (Constant Percentage 6 – nEDS 2 × 
Loss Percentage 2, Constant Percentage 7)); 
"Forward 2" means Final Settlement Value 2 – Strike Percentage 2; 
"nEDS 2" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of 
which the Final Settlement Value 2 is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) 
greater than or equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
EDS Barrier Percentage 2; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Call 2" means Max (Final Settlement Value 2 - Strike Percentage 2; Constant 
Percentage 6); 
"Call Spread 2" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value 2 – Strike Percentage 2; 
Constant Percentage 6); Spread Percentage 2); 
"Put 2" means Max (Strike Percentage 2 – Final Settlement Value 2; Constant 
Percentage 6); and 
"Put Spread 2" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 2 – Final Settlement Value 2; 
Constant Percentage 6); Spread Percentage 2), 
Option 3 
"Option 3" means Put 3, Put Spread 3, Call 3, Call Spread 3, EDS 3 or Forward 3 as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"EDS 3" means Max (Floor Percentage 3, Min (Constant Percentage 8 – nEDS 3 × 
Loss Percentage 3, Constant Percentage 9)); 
"Forward 3" means Final Settlement Value 3 – Strike Percentage 3; 
"nEDS 3" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of 
which the Final Settlement Value 3 is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii)

--- Page 197 ---
- 197 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
greater than or equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
EDS Barrier Percentage 3; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 3" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Call 3" means Max (Final Settlement Value 3 - Strike Percentage 3; Constant 
Percentage 8); 
"Call Spread 3" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value 3 – Strike Percentage 3; 
Constant Percentage 8); Spread Percentage 3); 
"Put 3" means Max (Strike Percentage 3 – Final Settlement Value 3; Constant 
Percentage 8); and 
"Put Spread 3" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage 3 – Final Settlement Value 3; 
Constant Percentage 8); Spread Percentage 3), 
provided that (aa) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (A) of this Formulas Condition 
1.1(uu)(vii) apply and Physical Delivery Option 1 is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, (bb) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (B) of this Formulas 
Condition 1.1(uu)(vii) or (cc) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) of this Formulas 
Condition 1.1(uu)(vii) apply and Physical Delivery Option 2 is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, no Cash Settlement Amount will be payable and 
Physical Delivery will apply. 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
 
If the Final Settlement Condition is satisfied and no Knock-in Event has 
occurred: 
i. 
if Option 1 is Put, Put Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to 
the value of the Underlying Reference(s) up to the Strike Percentage; 
or 
ii. 
if Option 1 is Call and Call Spread, an indexation (subject to Gearing) 
to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) up to the Final Settlement 
Value; or 
iii. 
if Option 1 is Forward, an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the value 
of the Underlying Reference(s); or 
iv. 
if Option 1 is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many Underlying 
Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater or lower than the EDS 
Barrier Percentage, subject to Gearing. 
 
If the Final Settlement Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-in Event has 
occurred, an indexation similar to (i) to (iv) but, possibly, with a different 
Option, i.e. Option 2 
 
If a Knock-in Event has occurred an indexation similar to (i) to (iv) but, 
possibly, with a different Option, i.e. Option 3 subject to a Floor 
 
Physical Delivery may also apply. 
(viii) 
Multiple Final Payout – (Capped) Knock-Out Bonus Performance Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final 
Payout – (Capped) Knock-Out Bonus Performance Securities:

--- Page 198 ---
- 198 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
(A) 
if Cap is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(x) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
RV × (Constant Percentage 1 + Final Settlement Value 2); or 
(y) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
RV × (Constant Percentage 2 + Max (Bonus Percentage, Final 
Settlement Value 1)) 
(B) 
if Cap is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(x) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
RV × (Constant Percentage 1 + Final Settlement Value 2 - Max 
(Final Settlement Value 2 - Cap Percentage 1, Floor Percentage 1)); 
or 
(y) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
RV × [Constant Percentage 2 + Max (Bonus Percentage, Final 
Settlement Value 1) - Max (Final Settlement Value 1 - Cap 
Percentage 2, Floor Percentage 2)] 
Description of the Final Payout 
If Cap is specified as not applicable the Final Payout comprises: 
 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred, a minimum percentage and indexation 
to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Bonus Percentage; or 
 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred, indexation to the value of the Underlying 
Reference(s) (this value may differ from the above value). 
 
If Cap is specified as applicable the Final Payout provides limited maximum 
upside and comprises: 
 
if no Knock- out Event has occurred, a minimum percentage and indexation 
to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Bonus Percentage, up 
to a maximum level and subject to a minimum level; or 
 
if a Knock- out Event has occurred, indexation to the value of the Underlying 
Reference(s) (this value may differ from the above value), up to a maximum 
level and subject to a minimum level. 
(ix) 
Multiple Final Payout – (Capped) Knock – In Bonus Performance Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final 
Payout – (Capped) Multi Knock – In Bonus Performance Securities: 
(A) 
if Cap is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(x) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
RV × (Constant Percentage 1 + Final Settlement Value 2); or 
(y) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred:

--- Page 199 ---
- 199 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
RV × (Constant Percentage 2 + Max (Bonus Percentage, Final 
Settlement Value 1)) 
(B) 
if Cap is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(x) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
RV × (Constant Percentage 1 + Final Settlement Value 2 - Max 
(Final Settlement Value 2 - Cap Percentage 1, Floor Percentage 1)); 
or 
(y) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
RV × [Constant Percentage 2 + Max (Bonus Percentage, Final 
Settlement Value 1) - Max (Final Settlement Value 1 - Cap 
Percentage 2, Floor Percentage 2)] 
Description of the Final Payout 
If Cap is specified as not applicable the Final Payout comprises: 
 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, a minimum percentage and indexation to 
the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Bonus Percentage; or 
 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred, indexation to the value of the Underlying 
Reference(s) (this value may differ from the above value). 
 
If Cap is specified as applicable the Final Payout provides limited maximum 
upside and comprises: 
 
if no Knock- in Event has occurred, a minimum percentage and indexation to 
the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Bonus Percentage, up to 
a maximum level and subject to a minimum level; or 
 
if a Knock- in Event has occurred, indexation to the value of the Underlying 
Reference(s) (this value may differ from the above value), up to a maximum 
level and subject to a minimum level. 
(x) 
Multiple Final Payout – Leveraged Performance Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final 
Payout – Leveraged Performance Securities: 
(A) 
if Cap is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(x) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
RV × { Constant Percentage 1 + Constant Percentage 2 + [Final 
Settlement Value + Gearing 1 × Max (Final Settlement Value - 
Strike Percentage, Floor Percentage)] }; or 
(y) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
RV × { Constant Percentage 3+ Constant Percentage 4 + [Max 
(Fixed Percentage 1, Fixed Percentage 2 + Gearing 2 × (Final 
Settlement Value – Strike Percentage))] } 
(B) 
if Cap is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(x) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred:

--- Page 200 ---
- 200 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
RV × (Constant Percentage 1 + Constant Percentage 2 + Min [Cap 
Percentage 1, [Final Settlement Value + Gearing 1 × Max (Final 
Settlement Value - Strike Percentage, Floor Percentage)]]); or 
(y) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
RV × (Constant Percentage 3+ Constant Percentage 4 + Min [Cap 
Percentage 2, [Max (Fixed Percentage 1, Fixed Percentage 2 + 
Gearing 2 × (Final Settlement Value - Strike Percentage))]]) 
where: 
"Gearing 1" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing 2" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fixed Percentage 1" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fixed Percentage 2" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Description of the Final Payout 
If Cap is specified as not applicable the Final Payout comprises: 
 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred, a minimum percentage and leveraged 
indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Strike 
Percentage, subject to a minimum of the Fixed Percentage 1; or 
 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred, a minimum percentage and leveraged 
indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) plus additional 
indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Strike 
Percentage, subject to a minimum of the Floor Percentage. 
If Cap is specified as applicable the Final Payout provides limited maximum upside 
and comprises: 
 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred, a minimum percentage and leveraged 
indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Strike 
Percentage, subject to a minimum of the Fixed Percentage1 and up to a 
maximum level equal to the Cap Percentage; or 
 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred, indexation to the value of the Underlying 
Reference(s) plus additional indexation to the value of the Underlying 
Reference(s) above the Strike Percentage, subject to a minimum of the Floor 
Percentage. The aggregate indexation is limited to a maximum level equal to 
the Cap Percentage. 
 
Multiple Final Payout – Twin-Win Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – 
Twin-Win Securities: 
(A) 
if Cap is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(x) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
RV × (Constant Percentage 1 + Max [Floor Percentage 1, Gearing 1 × Final 
Settlement Value]); or 
(y) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred:

--- Page 201 ---
- 201 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
RV × (Constant Percentage 2 + Max [Max (Gearing 2 × (Strike Percentage - 
Final Settlement Value), Gearing 3 × (Final Settlement Value - Strike 
Percentage)), Floor Percentage 2]) 
(B) 
if Cap is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(x) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
RV × (Constant Percentage 1 + [Min (Cap Percentage 1, Gearing 1 × Final 
Settlement Value)]); or 
(y) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
RV × { Constant Percentage 2 + Max { Max [Gearing 2 × (Strike Percentage 
– Final Settlement Value), Min (Cap Percentage 2 – Strike Percentage, 
Gearing 3 × (Final Settlement Value – Strike Percentage))], Floor Percentage 
}} 
where: 
"Gearing 1" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing 2" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing 3" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Description of the Final Payout 
If Cap is specified as not applicable the Final Payout comprises: 
 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred, a minimum percentage, an indexation (subject to 
Gearing 3) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Strike Percentage or 
an indexation (subject to Gearing 2) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) below 
the Strike Percentage in absolute terms, subject to a floor of the Floor Percentage 2; 
or 
 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred, a minimum percentage and an indexation (subject 
to Gearing 1) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s), subject to a floor of the 
Floor Percentage 1. 
If Cap is specified as applicable the Final Payout comprises: 
 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred, a minimum percentage, an indexation (subject to 
Gearing 3) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Strike Percentage 
and up to a maximum level equal to the Cap Percentage or an indexation (subject to 
Gearing 3) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) below the Strike Percentage in 
absolute terms, subject to a Floor Percentage; or  
 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred, a minimum percentage and an indexation (subject 
to Gearing 1) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) up to a maximum level equal 
to the Cap Percentage. 
 
Multiple Final Payout – Knock-In Outperformance Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – 
Knock-In Outperformance Securities: 
(A) 
if Cap is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(x) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred:

--- Page 202 ---
- 202 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
RV × (Constant Percentage 1 + Final Settlement Value + Additional Gearing 
× Max (Final Settlement Value – Strike Percentage, Floor Percentage)); 
or 
(y) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
RV × (Constant Percentage 2 + Final Settlement Value) 
(B) 
if Cap is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(x) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
RV × (Constant Percentage 1 + [Min (Cap Percentage 1, Final Settlement 
Value + Additional Gearing × Max (Final Settlement Value - Strike 
Percentage, Floor Percentage))]); or 
(y) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
RV × (Constant Percentage 2 + [Min (Cap Percentage 2, Final Settlement 
Value)]). 
Description of the Final Payout 
If Cap is specified as not applicable the Final Payout comprises: 
 
a minimum percentage and an indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s); 
and 
 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred, additional indexation (subject to gearing) to the 
value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Strike Percentage subject to a 
minimum of a Floor Percentage. 
If Cap is specified as applicable the Final Payout provides a limited maximum upside and 
comprises: 
 
a minimum percentage and an indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) 
up to a maximum of the Cap Percentage 2; and 
 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred, additional indexation (subject to gearing) to the 
value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Strike Percentage subject to a 
minimum of a Floor Percentage and up to a maximum of the Cap Percentage 1. 
 
Multiple Final Payout – Flexi Performance Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – 
Flexi Performance Securities: 
RV × (Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing Up × Option Up + Gearing Down × Option Down) 
where: 
"Down Call" means Max (Down Final Settlement Value – Down Strike Percentage; Down 
Floor Percentage); 
"Down Call Spread" means Min (Max (Down Final Settlement Value – Down Strike 
Percentage; Down Floor Percentage); Down Cap Percentage); 
"Down Forward" means Down Final Settlement Value – Down Strike Percentage;

--- Page 203 ---
- 203 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"Down Put" means Max (Down Strike Percentage – Down Final Settlement Value; Down Floor 
Percentage); 
"Down Put Spread" means Min (Max (Down Strike Percentage – Down Final Settlement 
Value; Down Floor Percentage); Down Cap Percentage); 
"Option Down" means Down Put, Down Put Spread, Down Forward, Down Call or Down Call 
Spread as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option Up" means Up Call, Up Call Spread, Up Forward, Up Put or Up Put Spread as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Up Call" means Max (Up Final Settlement Value – Up Strike Percentage; Up Floor 
Percentage); 
"Up Call Spread" means Min (Max (Up Final Settlement Value – Up Strike Percentage; Up 
Floor Percentage); Up Cap Percentage); 
"Up Forward" means Up Final Settlement Value – Up Strike Percentage; 
"Up Put" means Max (Up Strike Percentage – Up Final Settlement Value; Up Floor 
Percentage); 
"Up Put Spread" means Min (Max (Up Strike Percentage – Up Final Settlement Value; Up 
Floor Percentage); Up Cap Percentage). 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises a minimum percentage and an indexation (subject to Gearing Up) 
to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) through the Option Up which may be subject to a 
maximum level and an indexation (subject to Gearing Down) to the value (this value may differ 
from the value above) of the Underlying Reference(s) through the Option Down which may be 
subject to a maximum level (which may differ from the maximum level above). 
 
Multiple Final Payout – Hyper-Flexi Performance Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – 
Hyper Flexi Performance Securities: 
RV × (Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing 1 × Option Up + Gearing 2 × Option Down + Gearing 
3 × Option Down + Gearing 4 × Option Up) 
where: 
"Gearing 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing 3" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing 4" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Down Call" means Max (Down Final Settlement Value – Down Strike Percentage; Down 
Floor Percentage); 
"Down Call Spread" means Min (Max (Down Final Settlement Value – Down Strike 
Percentage; Down Floor Percentage); Down Cap Percentage); 
"Down Forward" means Down Final Settlement Value – Down Strike Percentage;

--- Page 204 ---
- 204 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"Down Put" means Max (Down Strike Percentage – Down Final Settlement Value; Down Floor 
Percentage); 
"Down Put Spread" means Min (Max (Down Strike Percentage – Down Final Settlement 
Value; Down Floor Percentage); Down Cap Percentage); 
"Option Down" means Down Put, Down Put Spread, Down Forward, Down Call or Down Call 
Spread as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option Up" means Up Call, Up Call Spread, Up Forward, Up Put or Up Put Spread as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Up Call" means Max (Up Final Settlement Value – Up Strike Percentage; Up Floor 
Percentage); 
"Up Call Spread" means Min (Max (Up Final Settlement Value – Up Strike Percentage; Up 
Floor Percentage); Up Cap Percentage); 
"Up Forward" means Up Final Settlement Value – Up Strike Percentage; 
"Up Put" means Max (Up Strike Percentage – Up Final Settlement Value; Up Floor 
Percentage); 
"Up Put Spread" means Min (Max (Up Strike Percentage – Up Final Settlement Value; Up 
Floor Percentage); Up Cap Percentage). 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises a minimum percentage and an indexation (subject to the relevant 
gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) through the Option Up which may be 
subject to a maximum level and an indexation (subject to the relevant gearing) to the value (this 
value may differ from the value above) of the Underlying Reference(s) through the Option Down 
which may be subject to a maximum level (which may differ from the maximum level above). 
 
Multiple Final Payout – Flexi Knock-In Performance Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as Multiple Final Payout – Flexi 
Knock-In Performance Securities: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
RV × (Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing Up × Option Up); or 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
RV × (Constant Percentage 2+ Gearing Down × Option Down) 
where: 
"Down Call" means Max (Down Final Settlement Value – Down Strike Percentage; Down 
Floor Percentage); 
"Down Call Spread" means Min (Max (Down Final Settlement Value – Down Strike 
Percentage; Down Floor Percentage); Down Cap Percentage); 
"Down Forward" means Down Final Settlement Value – Down Strike Percentage; 
"Down Put" means Max (Down Strike Percentage – Down Final Settlement Value; Down Floor 
Percentage);

--- Page 205 ---
- 205 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"Down Put Spread" means Min (Max (Down Strike Percentage – Down Final Settlement 
Value; Down Floor Percentage); Down Cap Percentage); 
"Option Down" means Down Put, Down Put Spread, Down Forward, Down Call or Down Call 
Spread as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option Up" means Up Call, Up Call Spread, Up Forward, Up Put or Up Put Spread as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Up Call" means Max (Up Final Settlement Value – Up Strike Percentage; Up Floor 
Percentage); 
"Up Call Spread" means Min (Max (Up Final Settlement Value – Up Strike Percentage; Up 
Floor Percentage); Up Cap Percentage); 
"Up Forward" means Up Final Settlement Value – Up Strike Percentage; 
"Up Put" means Max (Up Strike Percentage – Up Final Settlement Value; Up Floor 
Percentage); 
"Up Put Spread" means Min (Max (Up Strike Percentage – Up Final Settlement Value; Up 
Floor Percentage); Up Cap Percentage). 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, a fixed percentage and an indexation (subject to 
Gearing Up) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) through the Option Up which 
may be subject to a maximum level; or 
 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred, a fixed percentage and an indexation (subject to 
Gearing Down) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) (this value may differ from 
the value above) through the Option Down which may be subject to a maximum level 
(which may differ from the maximum level above). 
 
Multiple Final Payout – Flexi Knock-Out Performance Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – 
Flexi Knock-Out Performance: 
(A) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
RV × (Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing Down × Option Down); or 
(B) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
RV × (Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing Up × Option Up), 
where: 
"Down Call" means Max (Down Final Settlement Value – Down Strike Percentage; Down 
Floor Percentage); 
"Down Call Spread" means Min (Max (Down Final Settlement Value – Down Strike 
Percentage; Down Floor Percentage); Down Cap Percentage); 
"Down Forward" means Down Final Settlement Value – Down Strike Percentage;

--- Page 206 ---
- 206 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"Down Put" means Max (Down Strike Percentage – Down Final Settlement Value; Down Floor 
Percentage); 
"Down Put Spread" means Min (Max (Down Strike Percentage – Down Final Settlement 
Value; Down Floor Percentage); Down Cap Percentage); 
"Option Down" means Down Put, Down Put Spread, Down Forward, Down Call or Down Call 
Spread as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option Up" means Up Call, Up Call Spread, Up Forward, Up Put or Up Put Spread as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Up Call" means Max (Up Final Settlement Value – Up Strike Percentage; Up Floor 
Percentage); 
"Up Call Spread" means Min (Max (Up Final Settlement Value – Up Strike Percentage; Up 
Floor Percentage); Up Cap Percentage); 
"Up Forward" means Up Final Settlement Value – Up Strike Percentage; 
"Up Put" means Max (Up Strike Percentage – Up Final Settlement Value; Up Floor 
Percentage); and 
"Up Put Spread" means Min (Max (Up Strike Percentage – Up Final Settlement Value; Up 
Floor Percentage); Up Cap Percentage). 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred, a fixed percentage and an indexation (subject to 
Gearing Down) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) through the Option Down 
which may be subject to a maximum level; or 
 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred, a fixed percentage and an indexation (subject to 
Gearing Up) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) (this value may differ from 
the value above) through the Option Up which may be subject to a maximum level 
(which may differ from the maximum level above). 
 
Multiple Final Payout – Hyper-Flexi Knock-In Performance Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as Multiple Final Payout – Hyper-
Flexi Knock-In Performance Securities: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
RV × (Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing Up 1 × Option Up 1 + Gearing Down 1 × 
Option Down 1); or 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
RV × (Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing Up 2 × Option Up 2 + Gearing Down 2 × 
Option Down 2) 
where: 
"Gearing Up 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing Up 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 207 ---
- 207 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"Gearing Down 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing Down 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Down Call" means Max (Down Final Settlement Value – Down Strike Percentage; Down 
Floor Percentage); 
"Down Call Spread" means Min (Max (Down Final Settlement Value – Down Strike 
Percentage; Down Floor Percentage); Down Cap Percentage); 
"Down Forward" means Down Final Settlement Value – Down Strike Percentage; 
"Down Put" means Max (Down Strike Percentage – Down Final Settlement Value; Down Floor 
Percentage); 
"Down Put Spread" means Min (Max (Down Strike Percentage – Down Final Settlement 
Value; Down Floor Percentage); Down Cap Percentage); 
"Option Down 1" means Down Put, Down Put Spread, Down Forward, Down Call or Down 
Call Spread as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option Down 2" means Down Put, Down Put Spread, Down Forward, Down Call or Down 
Call Spread as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option Up 1" means Up Call, Up Call Spread, Up Forward, Up Put or Up Put Spread as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option Up 2" means Up Call, Up Call Spread, Up Forward, Up Put or Up Put Spread as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Up Call" means Max (Up Final Settlement Value – Up Strike Percentage; Up Floor 
Percentage); 
"Up Call Spread" means Min (Max (Up Final Settlement Value – Up Strike Percentage; Up 
Floor Percentage); Up Cap Percentage); 
"Up Forward" means Up Final Settlement Value – Up Strike Percentage; 
"Up Put" means Max (Up Strike Percentage – Up Final Settlement Value; Up Floor 
Percentage); 
"Up Put Spread" means Min (Max (Up Strike Percentage – Up Final Settlement Value; Up 
Floor Percentage); Up Cap Percentage). 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, a fixed percentage and an indexation (subject to 
the relevant gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) through (1) the 
Option Up 1 which may be subject to a maximum or a minimum level and (2) through 
the Option Down 1 which may be subject to a maximum or a minimum level; or 
 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred, a fixed percentage (which may differ from the fixed 
percentage above) and an indexation (subject to the relevant gearing) to the value of 
the Underlying Reference(s) (this value may differ from the value above) through (1) 
the Option Down 2 which may be subject to a maximum or a minimum level (which 
may differ from the maximum level above) and (2) the Option Up 2 which may be 
subject to a maximum or a minimum level.

--- Page 208 ---
- 208 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
 
Multiple Final Payout – Hyper-Flexi Knock-Out Performance Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as Multiple Final Payout – Hyper-
Flexi Knock-out Performance Securities: 
(A) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
RV × (Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing Up 1 × Option Up 1 + Gearing Down 1 × 
Option Down 1); or 
(B) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
RV × (Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing Up 2 × Option Up 2 + Gearing Down 2 × 
Option Down 2) 
where: 
"Gearing Up 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing Up 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing Down 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing Down 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Down Call" means Max (Down Final Settlement Value – Down Strike Percentage; Down 
Floor Percentage); 
"Down Call Spread" means Min (Max (Down Final Settlement Value – Down Strike 
Percentage; Down Floor Percentage); Down Cap Percentage); 
"Down Forward" means Down Final Settlement Value – Down Strike Percentage; 
"Down Put" means Max (Down Strike Percentage – Down Final Settlement Value; Down Floor 
Percentage); 
"Down Put Spread" means Min (Max (Down Strike Percentage – Down Final Settlement 
Value; Down Floor Percentage); Down Cap Percentage); 
"Option Down 1" means Down Put, Down Put Spread, Down Forward, Down Call or Down 
Call Spread as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option Down 2" means Down Put, Down Put Spread, Down Forward, Down Call or Down 
Call Spread as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option Up 1" means Up Call, Up Call Spread, Up Forward, Up Put or Up Put Spread as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option Up 2" means Up Call, Up Call Spread, Up Forward, Up Put or Up Put Spread as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Up Call" means Max (Up Final Settlement Value – Up Strike Percentage; Up Floor 
Percentage); 
"Up Call Spread" means Min (Max (Up Final Settlement Value – Up Strike Percentage; Up 
Floor Percentage); Up Cap Percentage); 
"Up Forward" means Up Final Settlement Value – Up Strike Percentage;

--- Page 209 ---
- 209 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"Up Put" means Max (Up Strike Percentage – Up Final Settlement Value; Up Floor 
Percentage); 
"Up Put Spread" means Min (Max (Up Strike Percentage – Up Final Settlement Value; Up 
Floor Percentage); Up Cap Percentage). 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred, a fixed percentage and an indexation (subject to 
the relevant gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) through (1) the 
Option Up 1 which may be subject to a maximum or a minimum level and (2) through 
the Option Down 1 which may be subject to a maximum or a minimum level; or 
 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred, a fixed percentage (which may differ from the fixed 
percentage above) and an indexation (subject to the relevant gearing) to the value of 
the Underlying Reference(s) (this value may differ from the value above) through (1) 
the Option Down 2 which may be subject to a maximum or a minimum level (which 
may differ from the maximum level above) and (2) the Option Up 2 which may be 
subject to a maximum or a minimum level. 
 
Multiple Final Payout – Hyper-Flexi Multi Knock-In Performance Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as Multiple Final Payout – Hyper-
Flexi Multi Knock-In Performance Securities: 
(A) 
if no Knock-In Event has occurred: 
i. 
if Global Cap 1 and Global Floor 1 are specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
RV × { Fixed Percentage 1 + [Sum (n = 1, 2, …, N) W(n) × (Constant 
Percentage(n) + Gearing(n) × Option(n) )] } 
ii. 
if Global Cap 1 is specified as applicable and Global Floor 1 is specified as 
not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
RV × { Fixed Percentage 1 + Min [Sum (n = 1, 2, …, N) W(n) × (Constant 
Percentage(n) + Gearing(n) × Option(n) ); Global Cap 1] } 
iii. 
if Global Cap 1 is specified as not applicable and Global Floor 1 is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
RV × { Fixed Percentage 1 + Max [Sum (n = 1, 2, …, N) W(n) × (Constant 
Percentage(n) + Gearing(n) × Option(n) ); Global Floor 1] } 
iv. 
if Global Cap 1 and Global Floor 1 are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
RV × { Fixed Percentage 1 + Min [Max [Sum (n = 1, 2, …, N) W(n) × 
(Constant Percentage(n) + Gearing(n) × Option(n) ); Global Floor 1]; Global Cap 
1] } 
(B) 
if a Knock-In Event has occurred: 
i. 
if Global Cap 2 and Global Floor 2 are specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms:

--- Page 210 ---
- 210 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
RV × { Fixed Percentage 2 + [Sum (j = 1, 2, …, J) W(j) × (Constant 
Percentage(j) + Gearing(j) × Option(j) )] } 
ii. 
if Global Cap 2 is specified as applicable and Global Floor 2 is specified as 
not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
RV × { Fixed Percentage 2 + Min [Sum (j = 1, 2, …, J) W(j) × (Constant 
Percentage(j) + Gearing(j) × Option(j) ), Global Cap 2] } 
iii. 
if Global Cap 2 is specified as not applicable and Global Floor 2 is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
RV × { Fixed Percentage 2 + Max [Sum (j = 1, 2, …, J) W(j) × (Constant 
Percentage(j) + Gearing(j) × Option(j) ), Global Floor 2] } 
iv. 
if Global Cap 2 and Global Floor 2 are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
RV × { Fixed Percentage 2 + Min [Max [Sum (j = 1, 2, …, J) W(j) × (Constant 
Percentage(j) + Gearing(j) × Option(j) ), Global Floor 2]; Global Cap 2] } 
where: 
"Fixed Percentage 1" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fixed Percentage 2" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Cap 1" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Floor 1" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Cap 2" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Floor 2" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"J" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"N" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"n" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant Percentagen" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Gearingn" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Generic Percentage(n,1)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Generic Percentage(n,2)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Floor Percentage(n)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Loss Percentage(n)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Final Settlement Value(n)" means the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple 
Value and Performance Definitions for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 
(Greatest Period Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest 
Period Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for 
MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for MFP 
Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms

--- Page 211 ---
- 211 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"Strike Percentage(n)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Spread Percentage(n)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Optionn" means Put(n), Put Spread(n), Call(n), Call Spread(n), EDS(n) or Forward(n) as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"EDS(n)" means Max (Floor Percentage(n), Min (Generic Percentage(n,1) – nEDS(n) × 
Loss Percentage(n), Generic Percentage (n,2))); 
"Forward(n)" means Final Settlement Value(n) – Strike Percentage(n); 
"nEDS(n)" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of 
which the Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) 
greater than or equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
EDS Barrier Percentage(n); 
"EDS Barrier Percentage(n)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Call(n)" means Max (Final Settlement Value(n) - Strike Percentage(n); Generic 
Percentage(n,1)); 
"Call Spread(n)" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value(n) – Strike Percentage(n); 
Generic Percentage(n,1)); Spread Percentage(n)); 
"Put(n)" means Max (Strike Percentage(n) – Final Settlement Value(n); Generic 
Percentage(n,1)); 
"Put Spread(n)" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage(n) – Final Settlement Value(n); 
Generic Percentage(n,1)); Spread Percentage(n)); 
"Constant Percentagej" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearingj" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Generic Percentage (j,1)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Generic Percentage(j,2)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Floor Percentage(j)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Loss Percentage(j)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Final Settlement Value(j)" means the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple 
Value and Performance Definitions for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 
(Greatest Period Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest 
Period Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for 
MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for MFP 
Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Strike Percentage(j)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Spread Percentage(j)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Optionj" means Put(j), Put Spread(j), Call(j), Call Spread(j), EDS(j) or Forward(j) as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"EDS(j)" means Max (Floor Percentage(j), Min (Generic Percentage(j,1) – nEDS(j) × Loss 
Percentage(j), Generic Percentage (j,2)));

--- Page 212 ---
- 212 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"Forward(j)" means Final Settlement Value(j) – Strike Percentage(j); 
"nEDS(j)" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of 
which the Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) 
greater than or equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
EDS Barrier Percentage(j); 
"EDS Barrier Percentage(j)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Call(j)" means Max (Final Settlement Value(j) - Strike Percentage(j); Generic 
Percentage(j,1)); 
"Call Spread(j)" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value(j) – Strike Percentage(j); 
Generic Percentage(j,1)); Spread Percentage(j)); 
"Put(j)" means Max (Strike Percentage(j) – Final Settlement Value(j); Generic 
Percentage(j,1)); and 
"Put Spread(j)" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage(j) – Final Settlement Value(j); 
Generic Percentage(j,1)); Spread Percentage(j)) 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
 
if a Knock-in Event has not occurred, a fixed percentage and, if Option is Call, Call 
Spread, Put, Put Spread, or Forward, a weighted sum of another fixed percentage and 
an indexation (subject to gearing) to the value of the Underlying Reference(s); or 
 
if a Knock-in Event has not occurred a fixed percentage and, if Option is EDS, a 
weighted sum of another percentage and a further percentage that depends on how 
many Underlying Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater than the EDS Barrier 
Percentage, subject to gearing. When Gearing is positive the higher the number of 
Underlying Reference(s) with a value above this barrier the higher the percentage. 
 
If a Knock-in Event has occurred, the Final Payout will have the same features 
described above and, possibly, different fixed percentages, constant percentages, 
gearing, Options and/or Underlying Reference(s). 
 
The Final Payout may be subject to a Global Cap and/or a Global Floor. 
 
Physical Delivery may also apply. 
 
Multiple Final Payout – Hyper-Flexi Multi Knock-out Performance Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as Multiple Final Payout – Hyper-
Flexi Multi Knock-Out Performance Securities: 
(A) 
if no Knock-Out Event has occurred: 
i. 
if Global Cap 1 and Global Floor 1 are specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
RV × { Fixed Percentage 1 + [Sum (n = 1, 2, …, N) W(n) × (Constant 
Percentage(n) + Gearing(n) × Option(n) )] } 
ii. 
if Global Cap 1 is specified as applicable and Global Floor 1 is specified as 
not applicable in the applicable Final Terms:

--- Page 213 ---
- 213 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
RV × { Fixed Percentage 1 + Min [Sum (n = 1, 2, …, N) W(n) × (Constant 
Percentage(n) + Gearing(n) × Option(n) ); Global Cap 1] } 
iii. 
if Global Cap 1 is specified as not applicable and Global Floor 1 is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
RV × { Fixed Percentage 1 + Max [Sum (n = 1, 2, …, N) W(n) × (Constant 
Percentage(n) + Gearing(n) × Option(n) ); Global Floor 1] } 
iv. 
if Global Cap 1 and Global Floor 1 are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
RV × { Fixed Percentage 1 + Min [Max [Sum (n = 1, 2, …, N) W(n) × 
(Constant Percentage(n) + Gearing(n) × Option(n) ); Global Floor 1]; Global Cap 
1] } 
(B) 
if a Knock-Out Event has occurred: 
i. 
if Global Cap 2 and Global Floor 2 are specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
RV × { Fixed Percentage 2 + [Sum (j = 1, 2, …, J) W(j) × (Constant 
Percentage(j) + Gearing(j) × Option(j) )] } 
ii. 
if Global Cap 2 is specified as applicable and Global Floor 2 is specified as 
not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
RV × { Fixed Percentage 2 + Min [Sum (j = 1, 2, …, J) W(j) × (Constant 
Percentage(j) + Gearing(j) × Option(j) ), Global Cap 2] } 
iii. 
if Global Cap 2 is specified as not applicable and Global Floor 2 is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
RV × { Fixed Percentage 2 + Max [Sum (j = 1, 2, …, J) W(j) × (Constant 
Percentage(j) + Gearing(j) × Option(j) ), Global Floor 2] } 
iv. 
if Global Cap 2 and Global Floor 2 are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
RV × { Fixed Percentage 2 + Min [Max [Sum (j = 1, 2, …, J) W(j) × (Constant 
Percentage(j) + Gearing(j) × Option(j) ), Global Floor 2]; Global Cap 2] } 
where: 
"Fixed Percentage 1" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fixed Percentage 2" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Cap 1" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Floor 1" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Cap 2" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Floor 2" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"N" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"n" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 214 ---
- 214 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"J" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant Percentagen" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Gearingn" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Generic Percentage(n,1)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Generic Percentage(n,2)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Floor Percentage(n)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Loss Percentage(n)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Final Settlement Value(n)" means the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple 
Value and Performance Definitions for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 
(Greatest Period Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest 
Period Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for 
MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for MFP 
Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
"Strike Percentage(n)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Spread Percentage(n)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Optionn" means Put(n), Put Spread(n), Call(n), Call Spread(n), EDS(n) or Forward(n) as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"EDS(n)" means Max (Floor Percentage(n), Min (Generic Percentage(n,1) – nEDS(n) × 
Loss Percentage(n), Generic Percentage (n,2))); 
"Forward(n)" means Final Settlement Value(n) – Strike Percentage(n); 
"nEDS(n)" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of 
which the Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) 
greater than or equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
EDS Barrier Percentage(n); 
"EDS Barrier Percentage(n)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Call(n)" means Max (Final Settlement Value(n) - Strike Percentage(n); Generic 
Percentage(n,1)); 
"Call Spread(n)" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value(n) – Strike Percentage(n); 
Generic Percentage(n,1)); Spread Percentage(n)); 
"Put(n)" means Max (Strike Percentage(n) – Final Settlement Value(n); Generic 
Percentage(n,1)); 
"Put Spread(n)" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage(n) – Final Settlement Value(n); 
Generic Percentage(n,1)); Spread Percentage(n)); 
"Constant Percentagej" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearingj" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Generic Percentage (j,1)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Generic Percentage(j,2)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 215 ---
- 215 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"Floor Percentage(j)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Loss Percentage(j)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Final Settlement Value(j)" means the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple 
Value and Performance Definitions for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 
(Greatest Period Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest 
Period Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for 
MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for MFP 
Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Strike Percentage(j)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Spread Percentage(j)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Optionj" means Put(j), Put Spread(j), Call(j), Call Spread(j), EDS(j) or Forward(j) as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"EDS(j)" means Max (Floor Percentage(j), Min (Generic Percentage(j,1) – nEDS(j) × Loss 
Percentage(j), Generic Percentage (j,2))); 
"Forward(j)" means Final Settlement Value(j) – Strike Percentage(j); 
"nEDS(j)" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of 
which the Final Settlement Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than or (iii) 
greater than or equal to or (iv) greater than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
EDS Barrier Percentage(j); 
"EDS Barrier Percentage(j)" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Call(j)" means Max (Final Settlement Value(j) - Strike Percentage(j); Generic 
Percentage(j,1)); 
"Call Spread(j)" means Min (Max (Final Settlement Value(j) – Strike Percentage(j); 
Generic Percentage(j,1)); Spread Percentage(j)); 
"Put(j)" means Max (Strike Percentage(j) – Final Settlement Value(j); Generic 
Percentage(j,1)); and 
"Put Spread(j)" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage(j) – Final Settlement Value(j); 
Generic Percentage(j,1)); Spread Percentage(j)) 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
 
if a Knock-out Event has not occurred, a fixed percentage and, if Option is 
Call, Call Spread, Put, Put Spread, or Forward, a weighted sum of another 
fixed percentage and an indexation (subject to gearing) to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s); or 
 
if a Knock-out Event has not occurred a fixed percentage and, if Option is 
EDS, a weighted sum of another percentage and a further percentage that 
depends on how many Underlying Reference(s) in the basket have a value 
greater than the EDS Barrier Percentage, subject to gearing. When Gearing 
is positive the higher the number of Underlying Reference(s) with a value 
above this barrier the higher the percentage.

--- Page 216 ---
- 216 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
 
If a Knock-out Event has occurred, the Final Payout will have the same 
features described above and, possibly, different fixed percentages, constant 
percentages, gearing, Options and/or Underlying Reference(s). 
 
The Final Payout may be subject to a Global Cap and/or a Global Floor. 
 
Physical Delivery may also apply. 
 
Multiple Final Payout – Capped and Floored Ratchet Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – 
Capped and Floored Ratchet Securities: 
(i) 
if Local Cap is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
RV × (Max (Sum (q = 1, 2, ..., Q) Max ((Constant Percentage 1 + Final Settlement 
Value(q) - Strike Percentage), Local Floor Percentage), Global Floor Percentage)); 
Or 
RV × (Max (Sum (i = 1, 2, …, I) Sum (q = 1, 2, ..., Q) Max ((Constant Percentage 1 + 
Final Settlement Value(i,q) - Strike Percentage(i,q)), Local Floor Percentage(i,q)), Global 
Floor Percentage)); 
(ii) 
if Local Cap is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
RV × (Max (Sum (q = 1, 2, ..., Q) Max (Min (Constant Percentage 1 + Final Settlement 
Value(q) - Strike Percentage, Local Cap Percentage), Local Floor Percentage), Global 
Floor Percentage)); 
Or 
RV × (Max (Sum (q = 1, 2, ..., Q) Max (Min (Constant Percentage 1 + Final Settlement 
Value(i,q) - Strike Percentage(i,q), Local Cap Percentage(i,q)), Local Floor Percentage), 
Global Floor Percentage)); 
Where 
"I" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Q" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms. 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout provides a fixed percentage and an amount equal to the sum of the Final 
Settlement Values above the Strike Percentage with a Local Floor Percentage and possibly a 
Local Cap Percentage, subject to a floor of the Global Floor Percentage. The Final Settlement 
Values are calculated on each MFP Valuation Date during the MFP Valuation Period and each 
may be subject to a cap and/or a floor. 
 
Multiple Final Payout – Weighted Mixed Payouts Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – 
Weighted Mixed Payouts Securities: 
RV × (Constant Mixed Percentage + Sum (a = 1, 2, …, A) PW(a) Prod (b = 1, 2, …, B) Additional 
Final Payout(a,b) ) 
where:

--- Page 217 ---
- 217 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"Constant Mixed Percentage" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"PW" is the relevant Additional Final Payout Weighting; 
"A" is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"a" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"B" is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"b" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises a constant percentage and a weighted sum of two or more Final 
Payouts provided in the Conditions and specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Multiple Final Payout – Knock-In Mixed Payouts Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – 
Knock-In Mixed Payouts Securities: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
RV × (Mixed Constant 1 + Mixed Gearing 1 × Additional Final Payout 1); or 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
RV × (Mixed Constant 2 + Mixed Gearing 2 × Additional Final Payout 2); 
where: 
"Mixed Constant 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mixed Constant 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mixed Gearing 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mixed Gearing 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms. 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises 
 
if no Knock-in Event occurs, a fixed percentage and geared indexation to the value of 
the Underlying Reference(s) through a Final Payout provided in the Conditions and 
specified in the applicable Final Terms 
 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred, a fixed percentage and geared indexation to the 
value of the Underlying Reference(s) through a possibly different Final Payout 
provided in the Conditions and specified in the applicable Final Terms 
 
Multiple Final Payout – Knock-out Mixed Payouts Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – 
Knock-out Mixed Payouts Securities: 
(A) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
RV × (Mixed Constant 1 + Mixed Gearing 1 × Additional Final Payout 1); or

--- Page 218 ---
- 218 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
(B) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
RV × (Mixed Constant 2 + Mixed Gearing 2 × Additional Final Payout 2); 
where: 
"Mixed Constant 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mixed Constant 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mixed Gearing 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mixed Gearing 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms. 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
 
if no Knock-out Event occurs, a fixed percentage and geared indexation to the value 
of the Underlying Reference(s) through a Final Payout provided in the Conditions and 
specified in the applicable Final Terms 
 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred, a fixed percentage and geared indexation to the 
value of the Underlying Reference(s) through a possibly different Final Payout 
provided in the Conditions and specified in the applicable Final Terms 
 
Multiple Final Payout – Max Mixed Payouts Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Multiple Final Payout – 
Max Mixed Payouts Securities: 
RV × (Constant Mixed Percentage + Max (a = 1, 2, …, A) Additional Final Payout(a)) 
where: 
"a" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"A" is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant Mixed Percentage" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms. 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises a maximum of two or more Final Payouts provided in the 
Conditions and specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Multiple Final Payout – Leveraged Securities 
If the Securities are Fund Securities and are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
Leveraged Warrants: 
RV × (Reference Level - Fixed Percentage) 
where: 
"Reference Level" means: 
Reference Level0 × (1 + Participation Factor × (Fund Levelt - Fund Level0) / Fund Level0 - 
(Participation Factor-1) × Feest)

--- Page 219 ---
- 219 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"Reference Level0" means the number (expressed as a percentage) specified in the Final Terms; 
"Fund Level0" means the Settlement Price of the relevant Underlying Reference(s) as of the 
Fixing Date; 
"Fund Levelt" means the Settlement Price of the relevant Underlying Reference(s) as of the 
MFP Settlement Valuation Date; 
"Fixing Date" means the Calculation Date immediately preceding the First Calculation Date; 
"Calculation Date" means each day which is a Fund Business Day; 
"Day Count Fraction" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"First Calculation Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Feest" means the cumulative leverage fee, expressed as a percentage and calculated by the 
Calculation Agent as the aggregate sum of the Fees Accrued during each Fees Accrual Period; 
"Fees Accrued" means, in respect of a Fee Accrual Period, the fees accrued during such period, 
expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(Fee ISDA Rate + Fee Margin) × Day Count Fraction 
"Fee ISDA Rate" means the floating rate determined according to the Underlying Interest Rate 
Security Condition 2 (ISDA Determination) (which shall be applicable with respect to this 
definition only) as indicated in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fee Margin" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fee Accrual Period(s)" means the periods commencing on (and including) the Fee Accrual 
Commencing Date up to (but excluding) the first Fee Accrual Date and each subsequent period 
commencing on (and including) a Fee Accrual Date up to (but excluding) the next following 
Fee Accrual Date; 
"Fee Accrual Commencing Date" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fee Accrual Date(s)" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Fixed Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Participation Factor" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises a leveraged indexation to the performance of the Underlying 
Reference(s) above the Fixed Percentage and net of any fees accrued, as calculated on each 
Fee Accrual Date(s) during the Fee Accrual Period(s). 
 
Single FI FX Vanilla Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Single FI FX Vanilla 
Securities: 
(i) 
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
RV × FI Constant Percentage 1; or

--- Page 220 ---
- 220 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
RV × (FI Constant Percentage 1 + (Gearing × Option)); 
(ii) 
if Knock-in Event is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
RV × (FI Constant Percentage 1 + (Gearing × Option)); 
(iii) 
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
(A) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not occurred: 
RV × (FI Constant Percentage 1 + (Gearing × Option)); 
(B) 
in all other cases: 
RV × (FI Constant Percentage 1) 
where: 
"Option" means Max (Performance Value, Floor). 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
 
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
- 
if no Knock-in event has occurred, a fixed percentage; or 
- 
if a Knock-in event has occurred, a fixed percentage plus an indexation 
(subject to Gearing) to the Underlying Reference(s), subject to a floor; 
 
if Knock-in Event is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a fixed 
percentage plus an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the Underlying Reference(s), 
subject to a floor 
 
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
- 
if a Knock-in event has occurred but no Knock-out Event has occurred, a fixed 
percentage plus an indexation (subject to Gearing) to the Underlying 
Reference(s), subject to a floor; or 
- 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred, a fixed percentage. 
 Single FI Digital Floor Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Single FI Digital Floor 
Securities: 
(i) 
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
RV × FI Constant Percentage 1; 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Floor Condition is 
satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Settlement Valuation Date:

--- Page 221 ---
- 221 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
RV × (FI Constant Percentage 1 + Digital Floor Percentage 1); or 
(C) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Floor Condition is not 
satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Settlement Valuation Date: 
RV × (FI Constant Percentage 1 + Digital Floor Percentage 2) 
(ii) 
if Knock-in Event is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the FI Digital Floor Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Settlement Valuation Date: 
RV × (FI Constant Percentage 1 + Digital Floor Percentage 1) 
(B) 
if the FI Digital Floor Condition is not satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Settlement Valuation Date: 
RV × (FI Constant Percentage 1 + Digital Floor Percentage 2) 
(iii) 
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
RV × FI Constant Percentage 1; or 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not occurred and 
the FI Digital Floor Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Settlement Valuation Date: 
RV × (FI Constant Percentage 1 + Digital Floor Percentage 1); or 
(C) 
in all other cases: 
RV × (FI Constant Percentage 1 + Digital Floor Percentage 2) 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
 
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
- 
if no Knock-in event has occurred, a fixed percentage; 
- 
if a Knock-in event has occurred and the FI Digital Floor Condition is 
satisfied, a fixed percentage plus the Digital Floor Percentage 1; or  
 
if a Knock-in event has occurred and the FI Digital Floor Condition is not satisfied, a 
fixed percentage plus the Digital Floor Percentage 2; 
 
if Knock-in Event is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
- 
if the FI Digital Floor Condition is satisfied, a fixed percentage plus the 
Digital Floor Percentage 1; or 
- 
if the FI Digital Floor Condition is not satisfied, a fixed percentage plus the 
Digital Floor Percentage 2; 
 
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms:

--- Page 222 ---
- 222 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
- 
if no Knock-in event has occurred, a fixed percentage; 
- 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not occurred and 
the FI Digital Floor Condition is satisfied, a fixed percentage plus the Digital 
Floor Percentage 1; or 
- 
otherwise, a fixed percentage plus the Digital Floor Percentage 2. 
 
Single FI Digital Cap Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Single FI Digital Cap 
Securities: 
(i) 
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
RV × FI Constant Percentage 1; 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Cap Condition is satisfied 
in respect of the relevant FI Settlement Valuation Date: 
RV × (FI Constant Percentage 1+ Digital Cap Percentage 1); or 
(C) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Cap Condition is not 
satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Settlement Valuation Date: 
RV × (FI Constant Percentage 1+ Digital Cap Percentage 2); or 
(ii) 
if Knock-in Event is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the FI Digital Cap Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Settlement Valuation Date: 
RV × (FI Constant Percentage 1 + Digital Cap Percentage 1); or 
(B) 
if Knock if the FI Digital Cap Condition is not satisfied in respect of the 
relevant FI Settlement Valuation Date: 
RV × (FI Constant Percentage 1 + Digital Cap Percentage 2); or 
(iii) 
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
RV × FI Constant Percentage 1; or 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not occurred and 
the FI Digital Cap Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Settlement Valuation Date: 
RV × (FI Constant Percentage 1 + Digital Cap Percentage 1); or 
(C) 
in all other cases: 
RV × (FI Constant Percentage 1 + Digital Cap Percentage 2). 
Description of the Final Payout

--- Page 223 ---
- 223 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
The Final Payout comprises: 
 
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
- 
if no Knock-in event has occurred, a fixed percentage; 
- 
if a Knock-in event has occurred and the FI Digital Cap Condition is 
satisfied, a fixed percentage plus the Digital Cap Percentage 1; or 
- 
if a Knock-in event has occurred and the FI Digital Cap Condition is not 
satisfied, a fixed percentage plus the Digital Cap Percentage 2; 
 
if Knock-in Event is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
- 
if the FI Digital Cap Condition is satisfied, a fixed percentage plus the Digital 
Cap Percentage 1; or 
- 
if the FI Digital Cap Condition is not satisfied, a fixed percentage plus the 
Digital Cap Percentage 2; 
 
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
- 
if no Knock-in event has occurred, a fixed percentage; 
- 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not occurred and 
the FI Digital Cap Condition is satisfied, a fixed percentage plus the Digital 
Cap Percentage 1; or 
- 
otherwise, a fixed percentage plus the Digital Cap Percentage 2. 
 
Single FI Digital Plus Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Single FI Digital Plus 
Securities: 
(i) 
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if, irrespective of whether a Knock-in Event has or has not occurred, the FI 
Digital Plus Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Settlement 
Valuation Date: 
RV × (FI Constant Percentage 1 + Max (Digital Plus Percentage 1, (Gearing 
A × FI Digital Value))); or 
(B) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Plus Condition is not 
satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Settlement Valuation Date: 
RV × FI Constant Percentage 1; or 
(C) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Plus Condition is not 
satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Settlement Valuation Date: 
RV × (FI Constant Percentage 1 + Min (Digital Plus Percentage 2, Max 
((Gearing B × FI Digital Value), FI Digital Floor Percentage))); 
(ii) 
if Knock-in Event is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the FI Digital Plus Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Settlement Valuation Date:

--- Page 224 ---
- 224 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
RV × (FI Constant Percentage 1 + Max (Digital Plus Percentage 1, (Gearing 
A × FI Digital Value))); or 
(B) 
if the FI Digital Plus Condition is not satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Settlement Valuation Date: 
RV × (FI Constant Percentage 1 + Min (Digital Plus Percentage 2, Max 
((Gearing B × FI Digital Value), FI Digital Floor Percentage))); 
(iii) 
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
(A) 
irrespective of whether a Knock-in Event and/or Knock-out Event has 
occurred, if the FI Digital Plus Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant 
FI Settlement Valuation Date: 
RV × (FI Constant Percentage 1 + Max (Digital Plus Percentage 1, (Gearing 
A × FI Digital Value))); or 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not occurred and 
the FI Digital Plus Condition is not satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Settlement Valuation Date: 
RV × (FI Constant Percentage 1 + Max (Digital Plus Percentage 2, Max 
((Gearing B × FI Digital Value), FI Digital Floor Percentage))); or 
(C) 
in all other cases: 
RV × FI Constant Percentage 1. 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises: 
 
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
-  
if the FI Digital Plus Condition is satisfied (irrespective of whether a Knock-
in Event has or has not occurred), a fixed percentage plus an indexation 
(subject to Gearing A) to the Underlying Reference, subject to a floor of the 
Digital Plus Percentage 1; 
- 
if no Knock-in event has occurred and the FI Digital Plus Condition is not 
satisfied, a fixed percentage plus the FI Constant Percentage 1; or 
- 
if a Knock-in event has occurred and the FI Digital Cap Condition is not 
satisfied, a fixed percentage plus the minimum between the Digital Plus 
Percentage 2 and the indexation (subject to Gearing B) to the Underlying 
Reference, subject to a floor of the FI Digital Floor Percentage; 
 
if Knock-in Event is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
- 
if the FI Digital Plus Condition is satisfied, a fixed percentage plus an 
indexation (subject to Gearing A) to the Underlying Reference, subject to a 
floor of the Digital Plus Percentage 1; or 
- 
if the FI Digital Plus Condition is not satisfied, a fixed percentage plus the 
minimum between the Digital Plus Percentage 2 and the indexation (subject 
to Gearing B) to the Underlying Reference, subject to a floor of the FI Digital 
Floor Percentage;

--- Page 225 ---
- 225 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
 
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
- 
if the FI Digital Plus Condition is satisfied (irrespective of whether a Knock-
in Event has or has not occurred), a fixed percentage plus an indexation 
(subject to Gearing A) to the Underlying Reference, subject to a floor of the 
Digital Plus Percentage 1; 
- 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not occurred and 
the FI Digital Plus Condition is not satisfied, a fixed percentage plus the 
maximum between the Digital Plus Percentage 2 and the indexation (subject 
to Gearing B) to the Underlying Reference, subject to a floor of the FI Digital 
Floor Percentage; or 
- 
otherwise, a fixed percentage plus the FI Constant Percentage 1. 
 
Continuous FX Wedding Cake Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Continuous FX Wedding 
Cake Securities: 
(A) 
If, at all times on each Observation Date during the Observation Period the Underlying 
Reference Level remains within Range 1: 
RV × FXR_1 
(B) 
If Range 2 is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and, at all times on 
each Observation Date during the Observation Period, the Underlying Reference Level 
has, at least once, moved outside Range 1 but has remained within Range 2: 
RV × FXR_2 
(C) 
If Range nth is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and, at all times on 
each Observation Date during the Observation Period, the Underlying Reference Level 
has, at least once, moved outside Range 1, Range 2 and any other wider range (other 
than Range nth) specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, but has remained 
within Range nth: 
RV × FXR_n 
(D) 
If none of the previous conditions has been met: 
RV 
where: 
"Range 1" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Range 2" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Range nth" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FXR_1" means the percentage or the value specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FXR_2" means the percentage or the value specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FXR_n" means the percentage or the value specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Description of the Final Payout

--- Page 226 ---
- 226 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
The Final Payout comprises fixed percentages which vary in accordance with the fluctuation of 
the Underlying Reference Level. In particular, on each Observation Date during the 
Observation Period, the Underlying Reference Level may remain in or move outside of certain 
ranges (Range 1, Range 2 and any other wider range (Range nth)), thus determining the 
applicable fixed percentage (respectively, FXR_1, FXR_2, FXR_n). If the Underlying Reference 
Level has at least once moved outside all the applicable ranges (therefore not satisfying any 
applicable condition) the Final Payout will be equal to the Reference Value. 
 
Single FI Inflation Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Single FI Inflation 
Securities: 
RV × Max [Constant Percentage 1; Gearing × Inflation Rate] 
Or 
RV × Min [Constant Percentage 1; Max [Constant Percentage 2; Gearing × Inflation Rate] 
Description of the Final Payout 
The Final Payout comprises the greater of the relevant Constant Percentage and the (geared) 
Inflation Rate, subject to a maximum level if specified. 
1.2 
This section is intentionally left blank.

--- Page 227 ---
- 227 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
2. 
AUTOMATIC EARLY EXPIRATION PAYOUTS 
2.1 
Automatic Early Expiration Payouts Formulas 
If Automatic Early Expiration is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and an Automatic 
Early Expiration Event occurs, the following Automatic Early Expiration payouts (each an "Automatic 
Early Expiration Payout") shall apply to the Securities if specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
This section is intentionally left blank. 
 
Automatic Early Expiration Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities 2. 
If Automatic Early Expiration Payout Capitalised Call and Put Securities 2 is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 0 (zero). 
 
SFP Automatic Early Expiration Payout 
If SFP Automatic Early Expiration Payout is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
RV × [Constant AES Percentage + Premium Percentage × i]. 
Where "Constant AES Percentage" has the meaning given the applicable Final Terms 
 
MFP Automatic Early Expiration Payout 
If MFP Automatic Early Expiration Payout is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Automatic Early Expiration Payout shall be: 
RV × (AES Expiration Percentage + AES Exit Rate) 
Or 
RV × {[Max (AES Expiration Percentage 1 + Gearing × Max (AES Expiration Percentage 2 – 
MFP AES Value; Floor Percentage 1)); Floor Percentage 2] + Premium Percentage × DCF} 
"DCF" is (i) the number of calendar days between the MFP Valuation Date indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms (included) and the Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date on which 
the Automatic Early Expiration Event occurs (excluded), multiplied by the Day Count Fraction 
or (ii) as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
provided that if specified in the applicable Final Terms the MFP Automatic Early Expiration 
Payout will be subject to a cap of the Maximum MFP Automatic Early Expiration Payout and/or 
a floor of the Minimum MFP Automatic Early Expiration Payout, in each case specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Where: 
"AES up Rate" means: 
(a) 
if Cap is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Min (Max (ES Floor Percentage(i), ES Gearing(i) × (ES Value(i) - ES Strike 
Percentage(i)) + ES Spread(i) ), ES Cap Percentage(i) ) + ES Constant Percentage(i) 
or 
Min (ES Gearing(i) × (ES Value(i) - ES Strike Percentage(i) ) + ES Spread(i), ES Cap 
Percentage(i) ) + ES Constant Percentage(i)

--- Page 228 ---
- 228 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
(b) 
if Cap is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Max (ES Floor Percentage(i), ES Gearing(i) × (ES Value(i) - ES Strike Percentage(i) ) + 
ES Spread(i) ) + ES Constant Percentage(i),  
or 
ES Gearing(i) × (ES Value(i) - ES Strike Percentage(i) ) + ES Spread(i) + ES Constant 
Percentage(i) 
"AES Exit Rate" means, in respect of a MFP ES Valuation Date or MFP ES Valuation Period, 
any of AES Rate or AES up Rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"AES Rate(s)" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(c); 
"AES Settlement Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"AES Settlement Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"AES Settlement Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"AES Reference Rate" means the floating rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"ES Cap Percentage" means, in respect of a MFP ES Valuation Date or MFP ES Valuation 
Period, the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"ES Constant Percentage" means, in respect of a MFP ES Valuation Date or MFP ES 
Valuation Period, the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"ES Floor Percentage" means, in respect of a MFP ES Valuation Date or MFP ES Valuation 
Period, the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"ES Gearing" means, in respect of a MFP ES Valuation Date or MFP ES Valuation Period, the 
percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"ES Spread" means, in respect of a MFP ES Valuation Date or MFP ES Valuation Period, the 
percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"ES Strike Percentage" means, in respect of a MFP ES Valuation Date or MFP ES Valuation 
Period, the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"ES Value" means, in respect of a MFP ES Valuation Date or MFP ES Valuation Period, the 
value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and Performance Definitions for MFP 
Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period Values for MFP Payouts and 
Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 
8.4 (Average Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average 
Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms 
"MFP ES Valuation Date" means each Averaging Date, Valuation Date, Pricing Date and/or 
Settlement Price Date Underlying Interest Determination Date and/or each day, all specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms; and 
"MFP ES Valuation Period" means each period specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 229 ---
- 229 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
 
Leveraged Warrants Automatic Early Expiration Payout 
If Leveraged Warrants Automatic Early Expiration Payout is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Automatic Early Expiration Payout in relation to each relevant Warrant shall be: 
Net Proceeds
Number of Warrants issued 
If the Automatic Early Expiration Amount is not an amount in the Settlement Currency if 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, it will be converted into the Settlement Currency at the 
Exchange Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms 
Unless "Rounding" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as not applicable, the Leveraged 
Warrants Automatic Early Expiration Payout shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the 
relevant Settlement Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention. 
provided that if specified in the applicable Final Terms the Leveraged Warrants Automatic 
Early Expiration Payout will be subject to a cap of the Maximum Leveraged Warrants 
Automatic Early Expiration Payout and/or a floor of the Minimum Leveraged Warrants 
Automatic Early Expiration Payout, in each case specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Where: 
"Net Proceeds" means the proceeds which the Issuer has actually received from the sale of all 
the shares or quotas held by it in the Underlying Reference, net of any costs, expenses or taxes 
incurred by the Issuer in connection with such sale. 
 
This section is intentionally left blank. 
 
FI Underlying Automatic Early Expiration Payout 
If FI Underlying Automatic Early Expiration Payout is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, 
RV

--- Page 230 ---
- 230 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
3. 
This section is intentionally left blank.

--- Page 231 ---
- 231 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
4. 
This section is intentionally left blank.

--- Page 232 ---
- 232 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
5. 
This section is intentionally left blank.

--- Page 233 ---
- 233 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
6. 
MFP ENTITLEMENT AMOUNTS 
6.1 
Entitlement Amount Formulas 
The following Entitlement Amounts (each an "Entitlement Amount") will apply to the Securities if 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject as provided in Formulas Condition 6.1(d) below: 
 
Delivery of Worst-Performing Underlying 
If Delivery of Worst-Performing Underlying is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
RV × Settlement Payout / (Worst Performing Underlying Reference Closing Price 
Value(i)×FX(i)) 
where: 
"Worst Performing Underlying Reference Closing Price Value(i)" is the Underlying 
Reference Closing Price Value(i) on the relevant MFP Valuation Date in respect of the 
Underlying Reference with the Worst Value on such date; and 
"FX(i)" is the relevant Underlying Reference FX Level on the relevant MFP Valuation Date or 
if that is not a Business Day the immediately succeeding Business Day. 
 
Delivery of Best-Performing Underlying 
If Delivery of Best-Performing Underlying is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
RV × Settlement Payout / (Best Performing Underlying Reference Closing Price Value(i) × 
FX(i)) 
where: 
"Best-Performing Underlying Reference Closing Price Value(i)" is the Underlying Reference 
Closing Price Value(i) on the relevant MFP Valuation Date in respect of the Underlying 
Reference with the Best Value on such date; and 
"FX(i)" is the relevant Underlying Reference FX Level on the relevant MFP Valuation Date or 
if that is not a Business Day the immediately succeeding Business Day. 
 
Delivery of the Underlying 
If Delivery of the Underlying is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
RV × Settlement Payout / (Underlying Reference Closing Price Value ×FX(i)) 
where: 
"Underlying Reference Closing Price Value" is the Underlying Reference Closing Price 
Value on the relevant MFP Valuation Date; and 
"FX(i)" is the Underlying Reference FX Level on the relevant MFP Valuation Date or if that is 
not a Business Day the immediately succeeding Business Day. 
 
Rounding and Residual Amount 
The Entitlement Amount will be rounded down to the nearest unit of each Relevant Asset 
capable of being delivered and in lieu thereof the Issuer will pay an amount equal to:

--- Page 234 ---
- 234 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
RV× Settlement Payout −  Number(k,i) * FX(k,i)
K
k=1
* Underlying Reference Closing Price Value(k,i) 
where: 
"Number(k,i)" is equal to the Entitlement Amount for the relevant Underlying Reference(k) and 
MFP Valuation Date(i); 
"Underlying Reference Closing Price Value(k,i)" is the Underlying Reference Closing Price 
Value(i) on the relevant MFP Valuation Date in respect of the relevant Underlying Reference(k); 
and 
"FX(k,i)" is the relevant Underlying Reference FX Level on the relevant MFP Valuation Date or 
if that is not a Business Day the immediately succeeding Business Day.

--- Page 235 ---
- 235 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
7. 
GENERAL FORMULAS DEFINITIONS 
"AC Barrier Value" means, in respect of a MFP Coupon Valuation Date or MFP Coupon Valuation 
Period, the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and Performance Definitions for MFP 
Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement 
Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values 
for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for MFP Payouts and 
Entitlement Amounts) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Additional Final Payout" means each Final Payout specified as such in the applicable Final Terms for 
the relevant Weighted Mixed Payouts Securities or Max Mixed Payouts Securities and if Payout FX 
Conversion is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, converted into the Payout Currency 
at the Payout FX Value, in each case specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Additional Final Payout 1" means each Final Payout specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
for the relevant Knock-In Mixed Payouts Securities and for the relevant Knock-out Mixed Payouts 
Securities if Payout FX Conversion is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, converted 
into the Payout Currency at the Payout FX Value, in each case specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Additional Final Payout 2" means each Final Payout specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
for the relevant Knock-In Mixed Payouts Securities and for the relevant Knock-out Mixed Payouts 
Securities if Payout FX Conversion is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, converted 
into the Payout Currency at the Payout FX Value, in each case specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Additional Final Payout Weighting" is the number, amount or percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Additional Gearing" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Barrier Condition" means that Coupon Value for the relevant Underlying Reference for the relevant 
MFP Valuation Date is (a) greater than, (b) less than, (c) equal to or greater than or (d) less than or equal 
to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Barrier Level; 
"Barrier Level" means the percentage, number or amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if specified in the applicable Final Terms, the product of the Barrier Percentage and the Strike Level 
rounded upwards or downwards as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and a 
commercially reasonable manner; 
"Barrier Percentage Strike Price" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Barrier Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Barrier Range Level" means the range of levels, amounts, numbers or percentages specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions 
set forth in the Relevant Adjustment Provisions; 
"Bonus Coupon" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Bonus Level" means the number or amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the product of the Bonus Percentage and the Strike Level rounded 
upwards or downwards as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and a commercially 
reasonable manner; 
"Bonus Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Bonus Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Bonus Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Bonus Percentage 3" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 236 ---
- 236 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"Bonus Percentage 4" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Bonus Floor Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Cap Level" means the number or amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, the product of the Cap Percentage and the Strike Level rounded upwards 
or downwards as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and a commercially 
reasonable manner; 
"Cap Percentage" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Cap Percentage 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Cap Percentage 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Cap Percentage 3" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Cap" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant A" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant B" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant Mixed Percentage" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Constant Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant Percentage 3" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant Percentage 4" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant Percentage 5" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant Percentage 6" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant Percentage 7" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant Percentage 8" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant Percentage 9" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant Percentage 10" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant Percentage 11" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant Percentage 12" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant Percentage 13" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant Percentage 14" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant Percentage 15" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant Percentage 16" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant Percentage 17" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 237 ---
- 237 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"Conversion Rate Final" means the Conversion Rate on the Valuation Date; 
"Coupon Airbag Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Coupon Airbag Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Coupon Airbag Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Coupon Value" means, in respect of a MFP Coupon Valuation Date or MFP Coupon Valuation Period, 
the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and Performance Definitions for MFP Payouts 
and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 
(Lowest Period Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for MFP 
Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement 
Amounts) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Coupon Weighting" means the number, amount or percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Cumulative Inflation Rate" means Inflation Index(i)/Inflation Index(base) - 1; 
"DC Barrier Value" means, in respect of a MFP Coupon Valuation Date or MFP Coupon Valuation 
Period, the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and Performance Definitions for MFP 
Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement 
Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values 
for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for MFP Payouts and 
Entitlement Amounts) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Digital Cap Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Digital Cap Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Digital Floor Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Digital Floor Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Digital Plus Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Digital Plus Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Down Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Down Final Settlement Value" means the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and 
Performance Definitions for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period Values for 
MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement 
Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average 
Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Down Floor Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Down Strike Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Exchange Rate Final" means the Exchange Rate on the Valuation Date; 
"Exchange Rate Initial" means the Exchange Rate on the Strike Date; 
"Exchange Rate" means, in respect of a day, the rate of exchange (including any rates of exchange 
pursuant to which the relevant rate of exchange is derived), between the currencies and from the source(s) 
and at the time in each case specified in the applicable Final Terms on such day;

--- Page 238 ---
- 238 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"Express Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Basket 1" means the basket of Alternative Currencies specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Basket 2" means the basket of Alternative Currencies specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Constant Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Constant Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI DC Barrier Value" means, in respect of a FI Remuneration Valuation Date and an Underlying 
Reference, the Underlying Reference Closing Value for such Underlying Reference; 
"FI Digital Cap Condition" means the FI Digital Value for the relevant FI Valuation Date is greater 
than or equal to the FI Digital Cap Level; 
"FI Digital Cap Level" means (a) the FX Digital Level or (b) the level specified as such, in each case, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Digital Floor Condition" means the FI Digital Value for the relevant FI Valuation Date is less than 
or equal to the FI Digital Floor Level; 
"FI Digital Floor Level" means (a) the FX Digital Level or (b) the level specified as such, in each case, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Digital Floor Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Digital Plus Condition" means the FI Digital Value for the relevant FI Valuation Date is greater 
than the FI Digital Plus Level; 
"FI Digital Plus Level" means (a) the FX Digital Level or (b) the level specified as such, in each case, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Digital Value" means, in respect of a FI Valuation Date, the Performance Value as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Lower Barrier Level 2" means the number, level or percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"FI Lower Barrier Level" means the number, level or percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"FI Rate A" means the Rate or Inflation Rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Rate B" means the Rate or Inflation Rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Rate" means the Rate or Inflation Rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Remuneration Valuation Date" means each Underlying Interest Determination Date, 
Remuneration Determination Date, Pricing Date, Averaging Date, Valuation Date, Remuneration 
Valuation Date and/or Settlement Price Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or each 
Range Accrual Day; 
"FI Settlement Valuation Date" means each Settlement Price Date or Pricing Date specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Upper Barrier Level 2" means the number, level or percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms;

--- Page 239 ---
- 239 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"FI Upper Barrier Level" means the number, level or percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"FI Valuation Date" means each FI Settlement Valuation Date or an FI Remuneration Valuation Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Final Reference Level" means: 
(a) 
if Averaging is not specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Settlement 
Price on the Valuation Date; or 
(b) 
if Averaging is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic 
average of the Settlement Prices determined on each of the Averaging Dates; 
"Final Settlement Condition" means that: 
(a) 
the FS Barrier Value for the relevant MFP FS Barrier Valuation Date or MFP FS Barrier 
Valuation Period is (a) greater than, (b) less than, (c) equal to or greater than (d) less than or 
equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Final Settlement Condition Level, or (e) 
"within" the Final Settlement Range Level, or (f) "outside" the Final Settlement Range Level, 
all as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (the "Final Settlement Condition 1"); and/or (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
(b) 
the FS Barrier Value 2 for the relevant MFP FS Barrier Valuation Date or MFP FS Barrier 
Valuation Period is (a) greater than, (b) less than, (c) equal to or greater than (d) less than or 
equal to, the Final Settlement Condition Level 2 or (e) "within" the Final Settlement Range 
Level, or (f) "outside" the Final Settlement Range Level, all as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (the "Final Settlement Condition 2"); 
"Final Settlement Condition Level" means the percentage, amount or number specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Final Settlement Condition Level 2" means the percentage, amount or number specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Final Settlement Price" means, in respect of a Alternative/Base Currency, (i) if Averaging is specified 
as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Settlement Price on the relevant FI Valuation Date, 
(ii) if Averaging is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic average of the 
Settlement Prices for all Averaging Dates, (iii) if Highest Look Back is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the highest Settlement Price for such Alternative/Base Currency for all 
Averaging Dates or (iv) if Lowest Look Back is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the lowest Settlement Price for such Alternative/Base Currency for all Averaging Dates; 
"Final Settlement Range Level": means the range of levels, amounts, numbers or percentages specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions set forth in the Relevant Adjustment Provisions, as applicable; 
"Final Settlement Value" means the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and 
Performance Definitions for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period Values for 
MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement 
Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average 
Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Final Settlement Value 1" means the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and 
Performance Definitions for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period Values for 
MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement 
Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average 
Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Final Settlement Value 2" means the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and 
Performance Definitions for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period Values for

--- Page 240 ---
- 240 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement 
Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average 
Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Final Settlement Value 3" means the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and 
Performance Definitions for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period Values for 
MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement 
Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average 
Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Final Settlement Value 4" means the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and 
Performance Definitions for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period Values for 
MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement 
Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average 
Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fixed Income Automatic Early Expiration Payouts" means the Automatic Early Expiration Payouts 
contained in the Automatic Early Expiration Payouts Formulas Conditions 2.1(g); 
"Fixed Income Final Payouts" means the Final Payouts contained in the Formulas Conditions from 
(and including) 1.1(lll) to (and including) 1.1(qqq); 
"Fixed Income Payouts" means the Fixed Income Final Payouts and the Fixed Income Automatic Early 
Expiration Payouts; 
"Fixed Percentage" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Floor Percentage" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Floor Percentage 1" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Floor Percentage 2" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Floor" means the amount or percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FS Barrier Value" means, in respect of a MFP FS Barrier Valuation Date or MFP FS Barrier Valuation 
Period, the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and Performance Definitions for MFP 
Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement 
Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values 
for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for MFP Payouts and 
Entitlement Amounts) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FS Barrier Value 2" means, in respect of a MFP FS Barrier Valuation Date or MFP FS Barrier 
Valuation Period, the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and Performance Definitions 
for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period Values for MFP Payouts and 
Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 
(Average Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for MFP 
Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FS Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FS Constant Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FS CSN Rate" means a percentage calculated as the product of the FS Rate and the applicable FS Day 
Count Fraction; 
"FS Day Count Fraction" means the Day Count Fraction specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FS Exit Rate" means any of FS Rate, FS up Rate or FS CSN Rate as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms;

--- Page 241 ---
- 241 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"FS Floor Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FS Gearing" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FS Rate" means the rate specified as such or determined in the manner set out in, the applicable Final 
Terms. If the applicable Final Terms specify that the FS Rate is to be determined by reference to a Screen 
Rate, the FS Rate shall be calculated pursuant to Security Condition 19.9(d) (AES Rate Determination), 
as applicable, save that references therein to "AES" shall be deemed to be references to "FS"; 
"FS Spread" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FS Strike Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FS Up Rate" means: 
(a) 
if Cap is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Min (Max (FS Floor Percentage, FS Gearing × (FS Value - FS Strike Percentage) + FS Spread), 
FS Cap Percentage) + FS Constant Percentage 
(b) 
if Cap is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Max (FS Floor Percentage, FS Gearing × (FS Value - FS Strike Percentage) + FS Spread) + FS 
Constant Percentage 
"FS Value" means, in respect of a MFP FS Valuation Date or MFP FS Valuation Period, the value from 
Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and Performance Definitions for MFP Payouts and Entitlement 
Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period 
Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for MFP Payouts and 
Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FX Coupon Performance" means, in respect of an FI Remuneration Valuation Date: 
(i) 
in the case of Securities relating to a single Alternative Currency, the FX Coupon Performance 
Value; 
(ii) 
if Weighted Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the sum of the values 
calculated for each Alternative Currency in the Relevant Basket as (a) the FX Coupon 
Performance Value for the relevant Alternative Currency for such FI Remuneration Valuation 
Date (b) multiplied by the relevant FX Weighting; 
(iii) 
if Best Of Weighted Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the highest 
FX Coupon Performance Value of any Alternative Currency in the Relevant Basket in respect 
of such FI Remuneration Valuation Date; 
(iv) 
if Worst Of Weighted Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the lowest 
FX Coupon Performance Value of any Alternative Currency in the Relevant Basket in respect 
of such FI Remuneration Valuation Date; 
(v) 
if Multi Basket is specified as applicable in the Final Terms: 
∑
 ∑
𝐺𝑗 × (𝑊𝑖 × FX Coupon Performance Value)
𝑛
𝑖=1
𝑚
𝑗=1
  
where: 
"Gj" means, in respect of a basket of Alternative Currencies, the percentage specified as such 
for such basket of Alternative Currencies in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 242 ---
- 242 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"Wi" means, in respect of an Alternative Currency, the FX Weighting for such Alternative 
Currency; or 
(vi) 
if Ranked Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the sum of the values 
calculated for each Alternative/Base Currency in the Relevant Basket as (a) the FX Coupon 
Ranked Value for the relevant Alternative Currency for such FI Remuneration Valuation Date 
multiplied by (b) the relevant FX Weighting; 
"FX Coupon Performance Value" means, in respect of an FI Remuneration Valuation Date and an 
Alternative Currency: 
(a) 
if FX Performance Coupon 1 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
FX Final Remuneration Settlement Price – FX Initial Remuneration Settlement Price 
(b) 
if FX Performance Coupon 2 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
FX Initial Remuneration Settlement Price - FX Final Remuneration Settlement Price 
(c) 
if FX Performance Coupon 3 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(
FX Final Remuneration Settlement Price−FX Initial Remuneration Settlement Price
FX Final Remuneration Settlement Price
)  
(d) 
if FX Performance Coupon 4 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(
FX Initial Remuneration Settlement Price−FX Final Remuneration Settlement Price
FX Final Remuneration Settlement Price
)  
(e) 
if FX Performance Coupon 5 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(
1
FX Initial Remuneration Settlement Price) − (
1
FX Final Remuneration Settlement Price)  
(f) 
if FX Performance Coupon 6 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(
1
FX Final Remuneration Settlement Price) − (
1
FX Initial Remuneration Settlement Price)  
(g) 
if FX Performance Coupon 7 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(
FX Final Remuneration Settlement Price−FX Initial Remuneration Settlement Price
FX Initial Remuneration Settlement Price
)  
(h) 
if FX Performance Coupon 8 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(
FX Initial Remuneration Settlement Price−FX Final Remuneration Settlement Price
FX Initial Remuneration Settlement Price
)  
(i) 
if FX Performance Coupon 9 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
FX Final Remuneration Settlement Price
FX Initial Remuneration Settlement Price  
(j) 
if FX Performance Coupon 10 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
FX Initial Remuneration Settlement Price
FX Final Remuneration Settlement Price   
"FX Coupon Ranked Value" means, in respect of an FI Remuneration Valuation Date, the FX Coupon 
Performance Value in respect of the Alternative/Base Currency with the FX Coupon Ranking in respect 
of such FI Remuneration Valuation Date set out in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 243 ---
- 243 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"FX Coupon Ranking" means, in respect of an FI Remuneration Valuation Date, the ordinal positioning 
of each Alternative/Base Currency by FX Coupon Performance Value from lowest FX Coupon 
Performance Value to greatest FX Coupon Performance Value in respect of such FI Remuneration 
Valuation Date 
"FX Final Remuneration Settlement Price" means, in respect of an Alternative/Base Currency, (i) if 
Averaging is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Settlement Price on the 
relevant FI Remuneration Valuation Date, (ii) if Averaging is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the arithmetic average of the Settlement Prices for all Averaging Dates in respect of the 
relevant FI Remuneration Valuation Date, (iii) if Highest Look Back is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the highest Settlement Price for such Alternative/Base Currency for all 
Averaging Dates in respect of the relevant FI Remuneration Valuation Date or (iv) if Lowest Look Back 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the lowest Settlement Price for such 
Alternative/Base Currency for all Averaging Dates in respect of the relevant FI Remuneration Valuation 
Date; 
"FX Initial Remuneration Settlement Price" means, in respect of an Alternative Currency: 
(a) 
the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if Initial Closing Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Settlement 
Price for such Alternative Currency on the Strike Date; or 
(c) 
if Initial Average Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic 
average of the Settlement Prices for such Alternative Currency for all the Strike Days in the 
Strike Period; or 
(d) 
if Highest Look Back Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the highest 
Settlement Price for such Alternative Currency for all the Strike Days in the Strike Period; or 
(e) 
if Lowest Look Back Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the lowest 
Settlement Price for such Alternative Currency for all the Strike Days in the Strike Period. 
"FX Performance Value" means, in respect of an FI Valuation Date: 
(a) 
if Performance Value 1 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
Final Settlement Price - Initial Settlement Price; 
(b) 
if Performance Value 2 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
Initial Settlement Price - Final Settlement Price; 
(c) 
if Performance Value 3 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(
Final Settlement Price−Initial Settlement Price
Final Settlement Price
); 
(d) 
if Performance Value 4 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
( 
Initial Settlement Price−Final Settlement Price
Final Settlement Price
); 
(e) 
if Performance Value 5 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(
1
Initial Settlement Price) − (
1
Final Settlement Price); 
(f) 
if Performance Value 6 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(
1
Final Settlement Price) − (
1
Initial Settlement Price);

--- Page 244 ---
- 244 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
(g) 
if Performance Value 7 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(
Final Settlement Price−Initial Settlement Price
Initial Settlement Price
); 
(h) 
if Performance Value 8 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(
Initial Settlement Price−Final Settlement Price
Initial Settlement Price
); 
(i) 
if Performance Value 9 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
Final Settlement Price
Initial Settlement Price; 
(j) 
if Performance Value 10 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
Initial Settlement Price
Final Settlement Price ; 
"FX Ranking" means, in respect of an FI Valuation Date, the ordinal positioning of each 
Alternative/Base Currency by FX Performance Value from lowest FX Performance Value to greatest FX 
Performance Value in respect of such FI Valuation Date; 
"FX Weighting" means, in respect of an Alternative Currency, the number, amount or percentage 
specified as such for such Alternative Currency in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing A" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing B" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing Down" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing Up" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Cap" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Cap A" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Cap B" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Floor" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Floor A" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Floor B" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Floor Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Margin" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"i" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"i" means the relevant MFP Valuation Date, MFP Valuation Period, or any Valuation Date or Valuation 
Period as indicated in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Inflation Index(base)" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference, the Underlying Reference Closing 
Value for such Underlying Reference on the Strike Date;

--- Page 245 ---
- 245 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"Inflation Index(i)" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference, the Underlying Reference Closing 
Value for such Underlying Reference in respect of the relevant FI Valuation Date; 
"Inflation Index(i-1)" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference, the Underlying Reference Closing 
Value for such Underlying Reference on the immediately preceding FI Valuation Date (or, if none, the 
Strike Date); 
"Inflation Rate" means, in respect of a FI Valuation Date, YoY Inflation Rate or Cumulative Inflation 
Rate, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Initial Reference Level" is as defined in the Final Terms; 
"Initial Settlement Price" means, in respect of an Alternative Currency: 
(a) 
the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if Initial Closing Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Settlement 
Price for such Alternative Currency on the Strike Date; or 
(c) 
if Initial Average Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic 
average of the Settlement Prices for such Alternative Currency for all the Strike Days in the 
Strike Period; or 
(d) 
if Highest Look Back Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the highest 
Settlement Price for such Alternative Currency for all the Strike Days in the Strike Period; or 
(e) 
if Lowest Look Back Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the lowest 
Settlement Price for such Alternative Currency for all the Strike Days in the Strike Period. 
"j" means the relevant Strike Date; 
"k" means the relevant Underlying Reference; 
"K" means the total number of Underlying References in the Basket; 
"L" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Listing Date" means, in respect of any Securities, the date on which such Securities are first admitted 
to trading on any stock exchange or other trading or quotation system; 
"Local Cap" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Local Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Local Cap Percentage(i)" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Local Floor" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Local Floor Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Local Floor Percentage(i)" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Loss Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Loss Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Loss Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Lower Level" means the number or amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 246 ---
- 246 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"M" means a series of MFP Valuation Dates or MFP Valuation Periods; 
"m" means the relevant MFP Valuation Date or MFP Valuation Period; 
"Maximum Payout Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"MFP Automatic Early Expiration Payout" means the Automatic Early Expiration Payout contained 
in the Automatic Early Expiration Payouts Formulas Condition 2.1(d); 
"MFP Coupon Valuation Date" means each MFP Range Accrual Day, Averaging Date, Valuation Date, 
Pricing Date, Settlement Price Date and/or Underlying Interest Determination Date specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"MFP Coupon Valuation Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"MFP Coupon Valuation Period(i)" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"MFP Date Weighting" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Date, the number, amount or percentage 
specified as such for such date in the applicable Final Terms; 
"MFP Double Digital Mixed Coupon Condition 1" means that the Mixed Barrier Value for the relevant 
MFP Coupon Valuation Date or MFP Coupon Valuation Period is (a) greater than, (b) less than, (c) equal 
to or greater than or (d) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Mixed Barrier 
Level; or (e) "within" the Mixed Barrier Range Level, in each case as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or (f) "outside" the Mixed Barrier Range Level, in each case as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"MFP Double Digital Mixed Coupon Condition 2" means that the Mixed Barrier Value for the relevant 
MFP Coupon Valuation Date or MFP Coupon Valuation Period is (a) greater than, (b) less than, (c) equal 
to or greater than or (d) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Mixed Barrier 
Level; or (e) "within" the Mixed Barrier Range Level, in each case as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or (f) "outside" the Mixed Barrier Range Level, in each case as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"MFP Entitlement Amounts" means the Entitlement Amounts contained in the Entitlement Amount 
Formulas Condition 6 (MFP Entitlement Amount); 
"MFP Final Payout" means the Final Payouts contained in the Formulas Conditions from (and including) 
1.1(ii) to (and including) 1.1(hhh); 
"MFP FS Barrier Valuation Date" means each Averaging Date, Valuation Date, Pricing Date, 
Underlying Interest Determination Date, Settlement Price Date and/or each day, all specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"MFP FS Barrier Valuation Period" means each period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"MFP FS Valuation Date" means each Averaging Date, Valuation Date, Pricing Date, Underlying 
Interest Determination Date, Settlement Price Date and/or each day, all specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms;  
"MFP FS Valuation Period" means each period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"MFP Digital Mixed Coupon Condition" means that the Mixed Barrier Value for the relevant MFP 
Coupon Valuation Date or MFP Coupon Valuation Period is (a) greater than, (b) less than, (c) equal to 
or greater than or (d) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Mixed Barrier 
Level; or (e) "within" the Mixed Barrier Range Level, in each case as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or (f) "outside" the Mixed Barrier Range Level, in each case as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"MFP Payouts" means the MFP Final Payout and the MFP Automatic Early Expiration Payouts.

--- Page 247 ---
- 247 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"MFP Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Down" means the percentage, amount or number 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"MFP Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Up" means the percentage, amount or number specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"MFP Range Accrual Coupon Condition" means: 
(a) 
if Barrier Up is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the AC Barrier Value 
for the relevant MFP Coupon Valuation Date is (i) (a) greater than or (b) equal to or greater than 
the relevant MFP Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Down and (ii) (a) less than or (b) less 
than or equal to the relevant MFP Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Up; or 
(b) 
if Barrier Up is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the AC Barrier 
Value for the relevant MFP Coupon Valuation Date is equal to or greater than MFP Range 
Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Down; 
"MFP Range Accrual Day" means a calendar day, Business Day, Exchange Business Day, Hybrid 
Business Day, Scheduled Trading Day, MFP Coupon Valuation Date or other day specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"MFP Settlement Valuation Date" means each Underlying Interest Determination Date, Averaging 
Date, Valuation Date, Pricing Date and/or Settlement Price Date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"MFP Settlement Valuation Period" means each period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"MFP Valuation Date" means each MFP Coupon Valuation Date, MFP Settlement Valuation Date, 
MFP ES Valuation Date, MFP FS Valuation Date, MFP FS Barrier Valuation Date, Knock-in 
Determination Day, Knock-out Determination Day, MFP EndDay Valuation Date, MFP StartDay 
Valuation Date, MFP Call Valuation Date, MFP ACS Valuation Date, Automatic Early Expiration 
Valuation Date, Strike Day or Strike Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"MFP Valuation Period" means each MFP ES Valuation Period, MFP Coupon Valuation Period, MFP 
FS Barrier Valuation Period, MFP Call Valuation Period, Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Period, 
Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Period, MFP FS Valuation Period, MFP Settlement Valuation 
Period, Knock-in Determination Period, Knock-out Determination Period or MFP ACS Valuation Period, 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Mixed Barrier Level" means the number, amount or percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; or if specified in the applicable Final Terms, the product of the Barrier Percentage and the 
Strike Level rounded upwards or downwards as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith 
and a commercially reasonable manner; 
"Mixed Barrier Range Level" means the range of levels specified as such or otherwise determined in 
the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions 
set forth in the Relevant Adjustment Provisions; 
"Mixed Barrier Value" means, in respect of a MFP Coupon Valuation Date or MFP Coupon Valuation 
Period, the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and Performance Definitions for MFP 
Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement 
Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values 
for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for MFP Payouts and 
Entitlement Amounts) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Multiple Underlying Interest Rate Gearing" means, in respect of an Underlying Interest Rate(i) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as a Multiple Underlying Component Rate, the number specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 248 ---
- 248 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"Multiple Underlying Reference Rate" means, in respect of an Underlying Interest Rate(i) specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as a Multiple Underlying Component Rate, the Underlying Reference Rate 
determined in respect of such Underlying Interest Rate. 
"n" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"N" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"nEnd days" has the meaning given it in the applicable Final Terms; 
"nStart days" has the meaning given it in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Observation Price Source" means the source specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Parity" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Participation Factor" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Payout Currency" means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Payout FX Closing Price Value" means the rate of exchange between the currencies (including any 
rates of exchange pursuant to which the relevant rate of exchange is derived) and determined from the 
source(s) and at the time, in each case specified in the applicable Final Terms for such Payout Currency 
on the Payout FX Rate Date 
"Payout FX Rate Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Payout FX Rate Strike Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Payout FX Strike Closing Price Value" means (i) the rate of exchange between the currencies 
(including any rates of exchange pursuant to which the relevant rate of exchange is derived) and 
determined from the source(s) and at the time, in each case specified in the applicable Final Terms on 
the Payout FX Rate Strike Date or (ii) the rate of exchange specified in the applicable Final Terms, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Payout FX Value" means, in respect of a Payout Currency (a) the Payout FX Closing Price Value 
divided by (b) the Payout FX Strike Closing Price Value; 
"Performance of Components" means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the 
Component in accordance with the following formula: 
[ Final Reference Level
Initial Reference Level] −1 
"Performance of Underlying 1" means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the 
Underlying Reference identified as Underlying Reference 1 in the Final Terms in accordance with the 
following formula: 
[ Final Reference Level
Initial Reference Level] −1 
"Performance of Underlying 2" means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the 
Underlying Reference identified as Underlying Reference 2 in the Final Terms in accordance with the 
following formula: 
[ Final Reference Level
Initial Reference Level] −1 
"Performance Value" means, in respect of an FI Valuation Date:

--- Page 249 ---
- 249 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
(i) 
in the case of Securities relating to a single Alternative Currency, the FX Performance Value; 
(ii) 
if Weighted Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the sum of the values 
calculated for each Alternative Currency in the Basket as (a) the FX Performance Value for the 
relevant Alternative Currency for such FI Valuation Date (b) multiplied by the relevant FX 
Weighting; 
(iii) 
if Best Of Weighted Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the highest 
FX Performance Value of any Alternative Currency in the Relevant Basket in respect of such 
FI Valuation Date; 
(iv) 
if Worst Of Weighted Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the lowest 
FX Performance Value of any Alternative Currency in the Relevant Basket in respect of such 
FI Valuation Date; 
(v) 
if Multi Basket is specified as applicable in the Final Terms: 
  𝐺𝑗×
𝑛
𝑖=1
𝑚
𝑗=1
 (𝑊𝑖× FX Performance Value) 
where: 
"Gj" means, in respect of a basket of Alternative Currencies, the percentage specified as such 
for such basket of Alternative Currencies in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Wi" means, in respect of an Alternative Currency, the FX Weighting for such Alternative 
Currency; or 
(vi) 
if Ranked Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the sum of the values 
calculated for each Alternative/Base Currency in the Relevant Basket as (a) the Ranked Value 
for the relevant Alternative Currency for such FI Valuation Date multiplied by (b) the relevant 
FX Weighting; 
"Premium" means, the amount in the Settlement Currency or the percentage indicated as such indicated 
as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Premium Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Protection Level" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Q" is a series of MFP Valuation Dates in MFP Valuation Period(i) or Calculation Period(i); 
"q" means the relevant Observation Date or MFP Valuation Date; 
"Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Down" means the number, level or percentage specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Down 2" means the number, level or percentage specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Up" means the number, level or percentage specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Up 2" means the number, level or percentage specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Range Accrual Coupon Condition" means:

--- Page 250 ---
- 250 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
(a) 
(A) if FI Basket 1 is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the FI DC 
Barrier Value for Underlying Reference 1 for the relevant Range Accrual Day is or (B) if FI 
Basket 1 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the FX Coupon Performance 
for FI Basket 1 for the relevant FI Remuneration Valuation Date is (a) (i) greater than, (ii) less 
than, (iii) equal to or greater than or (iv) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Down and (b) if a Range Accrual 
Coupon Barrier Level Up is specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) greater than, (ii) less 
than, (iii) equal to or greater than or (iv) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Up; and/or 
(b) 
if Range Accrual Coupon Condition 2 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
(A) if FI Basket 2 is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the FI DC 
Barrier Value for Underlying Reference 2 for the relevant Range Accrual Day is or (B) if FI 
Basket 2 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the FX Coupon Performance 
for FI Basket 2 for the relevant FI Remuneration Valuation Date is (a) (i) greater than, (ii) less 
than, (iii) equal to or greater than or (iv) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Down 2 and (b) if a Range Accrual 
Coupon Barrier Level Up 2 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) greater than, (ii) less 
than, (iii) equal to or greater than or (iv) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Up 2; 
"Range Accrual Day" means a Scheduled Trading Day, Business Day, Underlying Interest 
Determination Date, Hybrid Business Day or calendar day, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Range Cut-off Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Range Period End Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Range Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Ranked Value" means, in respect of an FI Valuation Date, the FX Performance Value in respect of the 
Alternative/Base Currency with the FX Ranking in respect of such FI Valuation Date set out in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Rate" means, in respect of a FI Remuneration Valuation Date, the fixed rate specified in or the floating 
rate calculated as provided in, the applicable Final Terms; 
"Rate(i)" means, in respect of a MFP Coupon Valuation Date or MFP Coupon Valuation Period: 
(i) 
the fixed rate specified in or the floating rate calculated as provided in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(ii) 
the Vanilla Call Rate or Vanilla Call Spread Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Rate 1(i)" means, in respect of a MFP Coupon Valuation Date or MFP Coupon Valuation Period: 
(i) 
the fixed rate specified in or the floating rate calculated as provided in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(ii) 
the Vanilla Call Rate or Vanilla Call Spread Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Rate 2(i)" means, in respect of a MFP Coupon Valuation Date or MFP Coupon Valuation Period: 
(i) 
the fixed rate specified in or the floating rate calculated as provided in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(ii) 
the Vanilla Call Rate or Vanilla Call Spread Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Relevant Basket" means FI Basket 1 or FI Basket 2, as applicable;

--- Page 251 ---
- 251 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"Relevant Level" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reverse Level" means the number or amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if not 
so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the product of the Reverse Percentage and the Strike Level 
rounded upwards or downwards as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and a 
commercially reasonable manner; 
"Reverse Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"RV" means the Reference Value specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Settlement Payout" means the Final Payout specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Settlement Price Final" means the Settlement Price on the Valuation Date; 
"SFP Automatic Early Expiration Payout" means the Automatic Early Expiration Payout contained 
in the Automatic Early Expiration Payouts Formulas Condition 2.1(c); 
"SFP Final Payout" means the Final Payouts contained in the Formulas Conditions from (and including) 
1.1(a) to (and including) 1.1(hh); 
"SFP Payouts" means the SFP Final Payout and the SFP Automatic Early Expiration Payouts; 
"Snowball Barrier Value" means, in respect of a MFP Coupon Valuation Date or MFP Coupon 
Valuation Period, the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and Performance Definitions 
for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period Values for MFP Payouts and 
Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.4 
(Average Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average Values for MFP 
Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Snowball Level" means the number, amount or percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Speed Factor" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Spread" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Spread(i)" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Strike Level" means: 
(i) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is an Index, the Closing Level; 
(ii) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Share, the Closing Price or the Italian Securities 
Reference Price, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(iii) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is an ETI, the Closing Price; 
(iv) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Currency or Future, the Settlement Price; or 
(v) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Debt Instrument, the Settlement Price, 
(vi) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Fund, the NAV per Fund Share. 
in each case on the Strike Date; 
"Strike Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Strike Price" means the price, level or amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 252 ---
- 252 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"T" means the relevant Observation Date or MFP Valuation Date; 
"Target Determination Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Underlying Reference 1" means the Underlying Reference specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Underlying Reference 2" means the Underlying Reference specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Underlying Reference Closing Value" means, in respect of a FI Valuation Date: 
(a) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is an Inflation Index, the Relevant Level (as defined in the 
Inflation Security Conditions); or 
(b) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a rate of interest, the Underlying Reference Rate or, if 
Multiple Underlying Interest Rate is specified as applicable, the value calculated in accordance 
with the following formula: 
 Multiple Underlying Interest Rate Gearing (i)
n
i=1
× Multiple Underlying Reference Rate (i) 
(c) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is an Alternative Currency, the Settlement Price or FX 
Coupon Performance Value, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
in each case in respect of such day. 
"Underlying Reference Level" means, in respect of a time and a day (i) "official level", "opening price", 
"official close", "closing price", "purchase price", "sale price", "last price", "bid price", "asked price", 
"traded price", "official settlement price", "daily settlement price", "high", "mid", "low", "bid high", "bid 
low", "ask high", "ask low" of the Underlying Reference as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
published by the Observation Price Source or (ii) if Standard Underlying Reference Level is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms (a) in the case of Share Securities and Futures Securities the 
price of the relevant Underlying Reference, (b) in the case of Index Securities, the level of the relevant 
Underlying Reference, (c) in the case of Currency Securities, the spot rate of exchange for the exchange 
of the Alternative Currency into the Base Currency (expressed as the number of units (or part units) of 
such Alternative Currency for which one unit of the Base Currency can be exchanged) or (d) in the case 
of Debt Securities, the bid price of the relevant Underlying Reference as determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to the bid price for such Underlying Reference appearing on the Relevant Screen 
Page, (e) in the case of a Fund NAV per Fund Share, in each case for such time on such day; 
"Underlying Reference Weighting" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference, the number, amount 
or percentage specified as such for such Underlying Reference in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Underlying Reference" means: 
(a) 
for the purposes of the SFP Payouts, each Index, Share, Alternative Currency, Future, Debt 
Instrument or other basis of reference to which the relevant Securities relate; 
(b) 
for the purposes of the Fixed Income Payouts, each Inflation Index, Alternative Currency, 
Underlying Interest Rate, Index, Share or other basis of reference to which the relevant 
Securities relate. If two or more Underlying Interest Rates are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as Multiple Underlying Component Rates each Underlying Interest Rate(i) specified as 
such (together the "Multiple Underlying Interest Rate") will be calculated separately and 
independently but for the purposes of these Formulas Conditions and the Underlying Interest 
Rate Security Conditions shall be deemed to together constitute an Underlying Reference; 
(c) 
for the purposes of the MFP Payouts and MFP Entitlement Amounts, each Index, Share, ETI, 
Debt Instrument, Fund, Underlying Interest Rate, Inflation Index or Future or other basis of 
reference to which the relevant Securities relate;

--- Page 253 ---
- 253 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"Up Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Up Final Settlement Value" means the value from Formulas Conditions 8.1 (Simple Value and 
Performance Definitions for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.2 (Greatest Period Values for 
MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts), 8.3 (Lowest Period Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement 
Amounts), 8.4 (Average Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) or 8.5 (Weighted Average 
Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Up Floor Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Up Strike Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Upper Level" means the number or amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Upside Participation Factor" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Vanilla Call Rate" means: 
Constant Percentage(i)+ Gearing(i) × Max(Coupon Value(i) - Strike Percentage(i)+Spread(i), Floor 
Percentage(i)); and 
"Vanilla Call Spread Rate" means: 
Constant Percentage(i)+Gearing(i) × Min(Max(Coupon Value(i) - Strike Percentage(i) +Spread(i), Floor 
Percentage(i)); Cap Percentage(i)). 
"YoY Inflation Rate" means Inflation Index(i)/Inflation Index(i-1) – 1.

--- Page 254 ---
- 254 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
8. 
VALUES AND PERFORMANCE DEFINITIONS 
8.1 
Simple Value and Performance Definitions for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts 
 
Basic Value Definitions 
"FX Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a day: 
(a) 
Underlying Reference FX Level for such day divided by Underlying Reference FX 
Strike Level; or 
(b) 
if Underlying Reference FX Hedged Value is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
Underlying Reference FX Hedged Value for such day divided by Underlying 
Reference FX Strike Level; 
"Underlying Reference Closing Price Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Date, the 
product of the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value Percentage and: 
(a) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is an Index, the Closing Level; 
(b) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Share, the Closing Price or the Italian 
Securities Reference Price or the Settlement Price, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
(c) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is an ETI, the Closing Price or the Settlement 
Price, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(d) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Fund, the NAV per Fund Share; 
(e) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Currency or Future, the Settlement Price; 
(f) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is an Underlying Interest Rate, the Underlying 
Reference Rate; 
(g) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is an Inflation Index, the Relevant Level; or 
(h) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Debt Instrument, the Settlement Price, 
in each case in respect of such day; 
"Underlying Reference Closing Price Value Percentage" means 100% unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Underlying Reference FX Level" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a day, 
the rate of exchange between the currencies (including any rates of exchange pursuant to which 
the relevant rate of exchange is derived) and determined from the source(s) and at the time, in 
each case specified in the applicable Final Terms for such Underlying Reference on such day; 
"Underlying Reference FX Strike Level" means in respect of an Underlying Reference: 
(a) 
the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if FX Closing Level is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Underlying Reference FX Level for such Underlying Reference on the Strike Date; or 
(c) 
if FX Maximum Level is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
greatest Underlying Reference FX Level for such Underlying Reference for all the 
Strike Days in the Strike Period; or

--- Page 255 ---
- 255 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
(d) 
if FX Minimum Level is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
lowest Underlying Reference FX Level for such Underlying Reference for all the 
Strike Days in the Strike Period; or 
(e) 
if FX Average Level is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
arithmetic average of the Underlying Reference FX Levels for such Underlying 
Reference for all the Strike Days in the Strike Period; and 
"Underlying Reference Strike Price" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference: 
(i) 
the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if Strike Price Closing Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such Underlying Reference on the 
Strike Date; or 
(iii) 
if the Securities are Share Securities and if "Punctual Underlying Reference Strike 
Price" is indicated as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the official closing price 
of such Share on the Strike Date as determined by the Calculation Agent, subject as 
provided in Share Security Condition 3 (Potential Adjustment Events) and Share 
Security Condition 5 (Extraordinary Events) (as amended where "GDR/ADR" is 
specified as applicable); or 
(iv) 
if Strike Price Maximum Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the greatest Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such Underlying Reference 
for all the Strike Days in the Strike Period; or 
(v) 
if Strike Price Minimum Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the lowest Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such Underlying Reference 
for all the Strike Days in the Strike Period; or 
(vi) 
if Strike Price Average Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the arithmetic average of the Underlying Reference Closing Price Values for such 
Underlying Reference for all the Strike Days in the Strike Period; or 
(vii) 
if Barrier Strike Price Closing Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, an amount equal to the product of (x) the Underlying Reference Closing Price 
Value for such Underlying Reference on the Strike Date and (y) the Barrier Percentage 
Strike Price; or 
(viii) 
if Barrier Strike Price Maximum Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, an amount equal to the product of (x) the greatest Underlying Reference 
Closing Price Value for such Underlying Reference for all the Strike Days in the Strike 
Period and (y) the Barrier Percentage Strike Price; or 
(ix) 
if Barrier Strike Price Minimum Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, an amount equal to the product of (x) the lowest Underlying Reference Closing 
Price Value for such Underlying Reference for all the Strike Days in the Strike Period 
and (y) the Barrier Percentage Strike Price; or 
(x) 
if Barrier Strike Price Average Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, an amount equal to the product of (x) the arithmetic average of the Underlying 
Reference Closing Price Values for such Underlying Reference for all the Strike Days 
in the Strike Period and (y) the Barrier Percentage Strike Price. 
 
Mono Underlying Reference Value Definitions 
"Underlying Reference Performance" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a 
MFP Valuation Date, (a) the Underlying Reference Value for such Underlying Reference in 
respect of such day minus (b) Underlying Reference Performance Percentage or (c) Underlying

--- Page 256 ---
- 256 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
Reference Performance Percentage minus (d) the Underlying Reference Value for such 
Underlying Reference in respect of such day; 
"Underlying Reference Performance Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"Underlying Reference Restrike Performance" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference 
and a MFP Valuation Date (a) (i) the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such 
Underlying Reference in respect of such day (ii) divided by the Underlying Reference Closing 
Price Value for such Underlying Reference in respect of the N-th immediately preceding MFP 
Valuation Date (b) less Underlying Reference Restrike Performance Percentage or (c) 
Underlying Reference Restrike Performance Percentage minus (d) (i) the Underlying Reference 
Closing Price Value for such Underlying Reference in respect of such day (ii) divided by the 
Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such Underlying Reference in respect of the N-
th immediately preceding MFP Valuation Date. Provided that in each case, the Underlying 
Reference Restrike Performance will be determined starting from the N-th MFP Valuation Date 
immediately following the first occurring MFP Valuation Date. 
"Underlying Reference Restrike Performance Percentage" means the percentage specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Underlying Reference EndDay Closing Price Value" means, in respect of an Underlying 
Reference and a MFP Valuation Date, the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such 
Underlying Reference on the date (the "MFP EndDay Valuation Date") falling nEnd days 
after such MFP Valuation Date; 
"Underlying Reference Intraday Price Value" means: 
(a) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is an Index, the Intraday Level; or 
(b) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Share or an ETI, the Intraday Price; 
"Underlying Reference Intraday Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a 
MFP Valuation Date, (a) (i) the Underlying Reference Intraday Price Value for such Underlying 
Reference in respect of such MFP Valuation Date (ii) divided by the relevant Underlying 
Reference Strike Price, and (b) if FX Conversion is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, multiplied by FX Value; 
"Underlying Reference Intraday Performance" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference 
and a MFP Valuation Date, (a) (i) the Underlying Reference Intraday Price Value for such 
Underlying Reference in respect of such MFP Valuation Date (ii) divided by the relevant 
Underlying Reference Strike Price, minus the Underlying Reference Intraday Performance 
Percentage and (b) if FX Conversion is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
multiplied by FX Value; or (a) the Underlying Reference Intraday Performance Percentage 
minus (i) the Underlying Reference Intraday Price Value for such Underlying Reference in 
respect of such MFP Valuation Date (ii) divided by the relevant Underlying Reference Strike 
Price and (b) if FX Conversion is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
multiplied by FX Value; 
"Underlying Reference Intraday Performance Percentage" means the percentage specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Underlying Reference Restrike Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a 
MFP Valuation Date (a) the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such Underlying 
Reference in respect of such day divided by (b) the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value 
for such Underlying Reference in respect of the N-th immediately preceding MFP Valuation 
Date. Provided that the Underlying Reference Restrike Value will be determined starting from 
the N-th MFP Valuation Date immediately following the first occurring MFP Valuation Date. 
"Underlying Reference Extended Restrike Value" means, in respect of an Underlying 
Reference and MFP Valuation Period (a) the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for

--- Page 257 ---
- 257 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
such Underlying Reference in respect of a MFP Valuation Date within such MFP Valuation 
Period divided by (b) the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such Underlying 
Reference in respect of the N-th immediately preceding MFP Valuation Date within such MFP 
Valuation Period. Provided that the Underlying Reference Extended Restrike Value will be 
determined starting from the N-th MFP Valuation Date within such MFP Valuation Period 
immediately following the first occurring MFP Valuation Date within such MFP Valuation 
Period. 
"Underlying Reference Intraday Restrike Value" means, in respect of an Underlying 
Reference and a MFP Valuation Date, (a) (i) the Underlying Reference Intraday Price Value for 
such Underlying Reference in respect of such MFP Valuation Date (ii) divided by the 
Underlying Reference Intraday Price Value for such Underlying Reference in respect of the N-
th immediately preceeding MFP Valuation Date and (b) if FX Conversion is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, multiplied by FX Value. Provided that the Underlying 
Reference Intraday Restrike Value will be determined starting from the N-th MFP Valuation 
Date immediately following the first occurring MFP Valuation Date. 
"Underlying Reference Extended Intraday Restrike Value" means, in respect of an 
Underlying Reference and MFP Valuation Period (a) the Underlying Reference Intraday Price 
Value for such Underlying Reference in respect of a MFP Valuation Date within such MFP 
Valuation Period divided by (b) the Underlying Reference Intraday Price Value for such 
Underlying Reference in respect of the N-th immediately preceding MFP Valuation Date within 
such MFP Valuation Period. Provided that the Underlying Reference Extended Intraday 
Restrike Value will be determined starting from the N-th MFP Valuation Date within such MFP 
Valuation Period immediately following the first occurring MFP Valuation Date within such 
MFP Valuation Period. 
"N-th" means the ordinal number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
"Lowest Underlying Reference Restrike Value" means, in respect of an Underlying 
Reference and a MFP Valuation Period, the lowest (a) Underlying Reference Restrike Value or 
(b) Underlying Reference Extended Restrike Value for such Underlying Reference for all the 
MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period. 
"Lowest Underlying Reference Restrike Intraday Value" means, in respect of an Underlying 
Reference and a MFP Valuation Period, the lowest (a) Underlying Reference Restrike Intraday 
Value or (b) Underlying Reference Extended Restrike Intraday Value for such Underlying 
Reference for all the MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period; 
"Greatest Underlying Reference Restrike Value" means, in respect of an Underlying 
Reference and a MFP Valuation Period, the highest (a) Underlying Reference Restrike Value 
or (b) Underlying Reference Extended Restrike Value for such Underlying Reference for all the 
MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period. 
"Greatest Underlying Reference Restrike Intraday Value" means, in respect of an 
Underlying Reference and a MFP Valuation Period, the highest (a) Underlying Reference 
Restrike Intraday Value or (b) Underlying Reference Extended Restrike Intraday Value for such 
Underlying Reference for all the MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period; 
"Underlying Reference StartDay Closing Price Value" means, in respect of an Underlying 
Reference and a MFP Valuation Date, the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such 
Underlying Reference on the date (the "MFP StartDay Valuation Date") falling nStart days 
prior to such MFP Valuation Date; 
"Underlying Reference TOM Restrike Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference 
and a MFP Valuation Date (a) the Underlying Reference EndDay Closing Price Value for such 
Underlying Reference in respect of such day divided by (b) Underlying Reference StartDay 
Closing Price Value for such Underlying Reference in respect of such day; 
"Underlying Reference TOM Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a 
MFP Valuation Date, the product of all Underlying Reference TOM Restrike Values for all

--- Page 258 ---
- 258 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
MFP Valuation Dates prior to and including such MFP Valuation Date in respect of an 
Underlying Reference; and 
"Underlying Reference Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a MFP 
Valuation Date, (a) (i) the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such Underlying 
Reference in respect of such MFP Valuation Date (ii) divided by the relevant Underlying 
Reference Strike Price (expressed as a percentage) and (b) if FX Conversion is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, multiplied by FX Value (expressed as a percentage) 
and (c) if Fund Securities is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, less, if Fund 
Securities Fees Provisions are specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Aggregate 
Fund Securities Fees Percentage multiplied by the Fund Securities Fees Factor. 
If Underlying Reference Inverse Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
Underlying Reference Value shall mean, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a MFP 
Valuation Date, (a) (i) the relevant Underlying Reference Strike Price (ii) divided by the 
Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such Underlying Reference in respect of such 
MFP Valuation Date (expressed as a percentage) and (b) if FX Conversion is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, multiplied by FX Value (expressed as a percentage) 
and (c) if Fund Securities is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, less, if Fund 
Securities Fees Provisions are specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Aggregate 
Fund Securities Fees Percentage multiplied by the Fund Securities Fees Factor. 
If Generic Underlying Reference Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
Underlying Reference Value shall mean, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a MFP 
Valuation Date, Underlying Reference Value Percentage minus or plus (a) (i) the Underlying 
Reference Closing Price Value for such Underlying Reference in respect of such MFP Valuation 
Date (ii) divided by the relevant Underlying Reference Strike Price (expressed as a percentage) 
and (b) if FX Conversion is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, multiplied by 
FX Value (expressed as a percentage) and (c) if Fund Securities is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, less, if Fund Securities Fees Provisions are specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Aggregate Fund Securities Fees Percentage multiplied by the Fund 
Securities Fees Factor. If Generic Inverse Underlying Reference Value is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, Underlying Reference Value shall mean, in respect of an 
Underlying Reference and a MFP Valuation Date, Underlying Reference Value Percentage 
minus or plus (a) (i) the relevant Underlying Reference Strike Price (ii) divided by the 
Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such Underlying Reference in respect of such 
MFP Valuation Date (expressed as a percentage) and (b) if FX Conversion is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, multiplied by FX Value (expressed as a percentage) 
and (c) if Fund Securities is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, less, if Fund 
Securities Fees Provisions are specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Aggregate 
Fund Securities Fees Percentage multiplied by the Fund Securities Fees Factor. 
"Aggregate Fund Securities Fees Percentage" means the sum of the Fund Securities Fees 
Percentages calculated in respect of all Calculation Periods; 
"Fund Securities Fees Percentage" means the rate (expressed as a percentage) calculated by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula and being equal to the rate of 
interest that would accrue during each Calculation Period falling during the period specified in 
the applicable Final Terms calculated on the basis that such rate would apply to and be payable 
by the Floating Rate Payer under an interest rate swap transaction incorporating the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.: 
Fund Fees Securities Percentage = [Floating Rate + Spread] x Day Count Fraction 
For these purposes:  
A) 
the "Effective Date" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
B) 
the "Termination Date" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
C) 
the "Floating Rate Payer Payment Date" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 259 ---
- 259 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
D) 
the "Floating Rate Option" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
E) 
the "Spread" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if not so specified minus 
0.125 per cent.; 
F) 
the "Floating Rate Day Count Fraction" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
or if not so specified Actual/360; 
G) 
the "Business Day Convention" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, of if not 
so specified Modified Following; 
H) 
the "Reset Date" means each Floating Rate Payer Payment Date or as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
I) 
"Calculation Period" means each consecutive period each commencing on and 
including a Floating Rate Payer Payment Date to but excluding the following Floating 
Rate Payer Payment Date except that the first Calculation Period shall start on the 
Effective Date and the last Calculation Period shall end on the Termination Date or as 
otherwise specified in the Final Terms. 
"Underlying Reference Value Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms 
"Fund Securities Fees Factor" is as defined in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Multi Underlying Reference Value Definitions 
"Basket Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Date or a Fixing Date, the sum of the 
values calculated for each Underlying Reference in the Basket as (a) the Underlying Reference 
Value for such Underlying Reference in respect of such MFP Valuation Date or Fixing Date 
multiplied by (b) the relevant Underlying Reference Weighting; 
"Basket Performance" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Date or a Fixing Date, the sum 
of the values calculated for each Underlying Reference in the Basket as (i) (a) the Underlying 
Reference Value for such Underlying Reference in respect of such MFP Valuation Date or 
Fixing Date multiplied by (b) the relevant Underlying Reference Weighting minus the Basket 
Performance Percentage or (ii) the Basket Performance Percentage minus (a) the Underlying 
Reference Value for such Underlying Reference in respect of such MFP Valuation Date or 
Fixing Date multiplied by (b) the relevant Underlying Reference Weighting; 
"Basket Performance Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Best Intraday Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Date, the highest Underlying 
Reference Intraday Value for any Underlying Reference in the Basket in respect of such MFP 
Valuation Date; 
"Best Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Date, the highest Underlying Reference 
Value for any Underlying Reference in the Basket in respect of such MFP Valuation Date; 
"Rainbow Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Date, the sum of the values calculated 
for each Underlying Reference in the Basket as (a) the Ranked Value for such Underlying 
Reference in respect of such MFP Valuation Date multiplied by (b) the relevant Underlying 
Reference Weighting; 
"Ranked Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Date, the Underlying Reference Value 
in respect of the Underlying Reference with the Ranking in respect of such MFP Valuation Date 
set out in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 260 ---
- 260 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"Ranking" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Date, the ordinal positioning of each 
Underlying Reference by Underlying Reference Value from lowest Underlying Reference 
Value to greatest Underlying Reference Value in respect of such MFP Valuation Date; 
"Worst Intraday Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Date, the lowest Underlying 
Reference Intraday Value for any Underlying Reference in respect of such MFP Valuation Date; 
and 
"Worst Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Date, the lowest Underlying Reference 
Value for any Underlying Reference in the Basket in respect of such MFP Valuation Date. 
 
Underlying Reference Volatility Hedged Value 
"Underlying Reference Volatility Hedged Value" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the rate 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
provided that the Underlying Reference Volatility Hedged Value on the Strike Date is 
Underlying Reference Volatility Hedged Value0. 
 
Underlying Reference Volatility Hedged Value Definitions 
"ACT Day" or "t" means each day that is an Underlying Reference Valuation Day and a 
Strategy Business Day. 
"Act(t-1,t)" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the number of calendar days from (but excluding) 
the ACT Day immediately preceding such ACT Day to (and including) such ACT Day. 
"AF" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Baskett-st*" means a hypothetical basket of Underlying References, which the Calculation 
Agent will use to determine the volatility of the Basket over the preceding x ACT Days where 
Vol20t applies or the preceding x ACT Days where Vol60t applies and is calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
 
"BasketES0" means 1. 
"BasketESt" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the level determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
 
provided that BasketESt for the Initial ACT Day will be BasketES0. 
"BasketESt-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the BasketESt for the ACT Day immediately 
preceding such day. 
"Baskett" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the level determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑉𝑜𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑙𝑖𝑡𝑦 𝐻𝑒𝑑𝑔𝑒𝑑 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑡
= 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑉𝑜𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑙𝑖𝑡𝑦 𝐻𝑒𝑑𝑔𝑒𝑑 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑡−1 𝑥  1 + 𝑊𝑡−1 ( 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝐸𝑅𝑡
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝐸𝑅𝑡−1
−1)
+ (1 − 𝑊𝑡−1) 𝑥 (𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑡−1 𝑥 
𝐴𝑐𝑡(𝑡−1,𝑡)
360
)  𝑥 [1 −𝐴𝐹 𝑥 
𝐴𝑐𝑡(𝑡−1,𝑡)
360
] 
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝑡−𝑠
𝑡∗=  𝑁𝑆𝑘
𝑡
𝑛
𝑘=1
× 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙𝑘,𝑡−𝑠 
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝐸𝑅𝑡= 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝐸𝑅𝑡−1 × [ 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝑡
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝑡−1
−𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑡−1 × 𝐴𝑐𝑡(𝑡−1,𝑡)
360
]

--- Page 261 ---
- 261 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
 
provided that Baskett for the Initial ACT Day will be Basket Level0. 
"Baskett-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day, Baskett for the ACT Day immediately preceding 
such day. 
"Basket Level0" means 1. 
"Initial ACT Day" means the day falling y ACT Days immediately preceding the Strike Date 
or if that is not an ACT Day and (i) if Preceding ACT Day is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the immediately preceding ACT Day or (ii) if Succeeding ACT Day is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the immediately succeeding ACT Day. 
"Levelk,t" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an ACT Day, the Underlying 
Reference Closing Price Value in respect of such day, provided that, if there is no Underlying 
Reference Closing Price Value in respect of such day or such day is a Disrupted Day (in the 
case of Index Securities, Share Securities, ETI Securities, Debt Securities, Currency Securities 
or Futures Securities) (such day a "Disrupted Level Day"); and: 
(i) 
if "Following ACT Day" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, Levelk,t will be the 
Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for the next succeeding ACT Day which is 
not a Disrupted Level Day; or 
(ii) 
if "Preceding ACT Day" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, Levelk,t will be the 
Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for the immediately preceding ACT Day 
which is not a Disrupted Level Day. 
"Levelk,t-1" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an ACT Day, the Underlying 
Reference Closing Price Value on the immediately preceding ACT Day. 
"Leverage Floating Rate" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the Leverage Floating Rate 
Option in respect of the Rate Calculation Date for such day appearing on the Leverage Floating 
Rate Option Page at the Leverage Floating Rate Option Calculation Time or if the relevant rate 
does not appear on such page at such time, the Leverage Floating Rate Option for such ACT 
Day shall be determined by the Calculation Agent at such time and from such source(s) as it 
may select acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
"Leverage Floating Rate Option" means the relevant rate and designated maturity specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Leverage Floating Rate Option Page" means the page or price source specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
"Leverage Floating Rate Option Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Leverage Ratet-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the fixed rate specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or the Leverage Floating Rate for such day as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"ln" means natural logarithm. 
"Max Exposure" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Min Exposure" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"n" means the number of Underlying References in the Basket. 
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝑡= 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝑡−1 𝑥  1 +  𝑃𝑘
𝑛
𝑘=1
( 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙𝑘,𝑡
𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙𝑘,𝑡−1
−1)

--- Page 262 ---
- 262 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"NSkt" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an ACT Day, the amount determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
"Pk" means the relevant Underlying Reference Weighting. 
"Rate Calculation Date" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the first, second or third ACT Day 
preceding such day, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Floating Rate" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the Reference Floating Rate 
Option in respect of the Rate Calculation Date for such day appearing on the Reference Floating 
Rate Option Page at the Reference Floating Rate Option Calculation Time or if the relevant rate 
does not appear on such page at such time, the Reference Floating Rate Option for such ACT 
Day shall be determined by the Calculation Agent at such time and from such source(s) as it 
may select acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
"Reference Floating Rate Option" means the relevant rate and designated maturity specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Floating Rate Option Page" means the page or price source specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Floating Rate Option Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Reference Ratet-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the fixed rate specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or the Reference Floating Rate for such day as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Strategy Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the Strategy Business Day Centre(s). 
"Strategy Business Day Centre(s)" means the place(s) specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Target Volatility" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Tolerance" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Underlying Reference Valuation Date" means a calendar day, Business Day, Exchange 
Business Day, Hybrid Business Day, Scheduled Trading Day, Fund Business Day, Settlement 
Price Date, MFP Valuation Date or other day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Underlying Reference Volatility Hedged Value0" means 1. 
"Underlying Reference Volatility Hedged Valuet-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the 
Underlying Reference Volatility Hedged Value on the ACT Day immediately preceding such 
day. 
"W0" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Wt" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
 
provided that Wt on the Strike Date is W0. 
𝑁𝑆𝑘
𝑡= 𝑃𝑘𝑥 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝑡
𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙𝑘,𝑡
 
𝑊𝑡= 𝑀𝑖𝑛(𝑀𝑎𝑥 𝐸𝑥𝑝𝑜𝑠𝑢𝑟𝑒; 𝑊𝑡
∗)

--- Page 263 ---
- 263 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"WtTarget" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the percentage determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
provided that WtTarget on the Strike Date is W Target0. 
"Wt-1Target" means, in respect of an ACT Day, WtTarget on the ACT Day immediately preceding 
such day. 
"Wt-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day, Wt on the ACT Day immediately preceding such day. 
If Lag 1 is specified in the applicable Final Terms and: 
(i) 
 then "W*t+1" means WtTarget; 
(ii) 
 then "W*t+1" means WtTarget; or 
(iii) 
Otherwise, "W*t+1" means Wt. 
If Lag 2 is specified in the applicable Final Terms then "W*1 = W1 = W0" means the percentage 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the weighting on the immediately following day ("Wt+1") is equal to Wt and: 
then "W*t+2" means WtTarget; 
then "W*t+2" means WtTarget; or 
Otherwise, "W*t+2" means Wt+1. 
If Wt+1 ≠ Wt and: 
(i) 
 then "W*t+2" means WtTarget; 
(ii) 
 then "W*t+2" means WtTarget; or 
(iii) 
Otherwise, "W*t+2" means Wt+1. 
"W Target0" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
8.2 
Greatest Period Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts 
 
Mono Underlying Reference Value Definitions 
"Greatest Underlying Reference Intraday Value" means, in respect of an Underlying 
Reference and a MFP Valuation Period, the highest Underlying Reference Intraday Value for 
such Underlying Reference for all the MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period; and 
"Greatest Underlying Reference Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a 
MFP Valuation Period, the highest Underlying Reference Value for such Underlying Reference 
for all the MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period. 
 
Multi Underlying Reference Value Definitions 
"Greatest Basket Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Period, the highest Basket 
Value for all the MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period; 
𝑊𝑡
𝑇𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑒𝑡= 𝑀𝑎𝑥[
𝑇𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑒𝑡 𝑉𝑜𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑙𝑖𝑡𝑦
𝑀𝑎𝑥(𝑉𝑜𝑙20𝑡; 𝑉𝑜𝑙60𝑡) ; 𝑀𝑖𝑛 𝐸𝑥𝑝𝑜𝑠𝑢𝑟𝑒] 
𝑊𝑡> (1 + 𝑇𝑜𝑙𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒)𝑥 𝑊𝑡
𝑇𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑒𝑡
𝑊𝑡< (1 −𝑇𝑜𝑙𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒)𝑥 𝑊𝑡
𝑇𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑒𝑡
𝑊𝑡> (1 + 𝑇𝑜𝑙𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒)𝑥 𝑊𝑡
𝑇𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑒𝑡
𝑊𝑡< (1 −𝑇𝑜𝑙𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒)𝑥 𝑊𝑡
𝑇𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑒𝑡
𝑊𝑡> (1 + 𝑇𝑜𝑙𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒)𝑥 𝑊𝑡−1
𝑇𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑒𝑡 
𝑊𝑡< (1 −𝑇𝑜𝑙𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒)𝑥 𝑊𝑡−1
𝑇𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑒𝑡

--- Page 264 ---
- 264 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"Greatest Best Intraday Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Period, the highest Best 
Intraday Value for all the MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period; 
"Greatest Best Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Period, the highest Best Value 
for all the MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period; 
"Greatest Rainbow Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Period, the highest for all 
MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period of the relevant Rainbow Values; 
"Greatest Underlying Reference Value (Basket)" means, in respect of an Underlying 
Reference in the Basket and a MFP Valuation Period, the highest Underlying Reference Value 
for such Underlying Reference for all the MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period; 
"Greatest Worst Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Period, the highest Worst Value 
for all the MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period; and 
"Worst Greatest Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Period, the lowest Greatest 
Underlying Reference Value (Basket) for any Underlying Reference in the Basket in respect of 
such MFP Valuation Period. 
8.3 
Lowest Period Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts 
 
Mono Underlying Reference Value Definitions 
"Lowest Underlying Reference Intraday Value" means, in respect of an Underlying 
Reference and a MFP Valuation Period, the lowest Underlying Reference Intraday Value for 
such Underlying Reference for all the MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period; and 
"Lowest Underlying Reference Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a 
MFP Valuation Period, the lowest Underlying Reference Value for such Underlying Reference 
for all the MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period. 
 
Multi Underlying Reference Value Definitions 
"Lowest Basket Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Period, the lowest Basket Value 
for all the MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period; 
"Lowest Best Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Period, the lowest Best Value for 
all the MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period; 
"Lowest Rainbow Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Period, the lowest for all MFP 
Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period of the relevant Rainbow Values; 
"Lowest Worst Intraday Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Period, the lowest 
Worst Intraday Value for all the MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period; and 
"Lowest Worst Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Period, the lowest Worst Value 
for all the MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period. 
8.4 
Average Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts 
 
Mono Underlying Reference Value Definitions 
"Average Underlying Reference TOM Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference 
and a MFP Valuation Period, the arithmetic average of the Underlying Reference TOM Values 
for such Underlying Reference for all the MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period; 
and

--- Page 265 ---
- 265 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"Average Underlying Reference Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a 
MFP Valuation Period, the arithmetic average of the Underlying Reference Value for such 
Underlying Reference for all the MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period; 
 
Multi Underlying Reference Value Definitions 
"Average Basket Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Period, the arithmetic average 
of the Basket Values for all the MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period; 
"Average Best Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Period, the arithmetic average of 
the Best Values for all the MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period; 
"Average Rainbow Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Period, the arithmetic 
average for all MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period of the relevant Rainbow 
Values; and 
"Average Worst Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Period, the arithmetic average 
of the Worst Values for all the MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period. 
8.5 
Weighted Average Values for MFP Payouts and Entitlement Amounts 
 
Mono Underlying Reference Value Definitions 
"Weighted Average Underlying Reference Value" means, in respect of an Underlying 
Reference and a MFP Valuation Period, the sum of the values calculated for all the MFP 
Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period as (a) the Underlying Reference Value for such 
Underlying Reference for such MFP Valuation Date (b) multiplied by the relevant MFP Date 
Weighting. 
 
Multi Underlying Reference Value Definitions 
"Weighted Average Basket Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Period, the sum of 
the values calculated for all the MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period as (a) the 
Basket Value for such MFP Valuation Date (b) multiplied by the relevant MFP Date Weighting; 
"Weighted Average Best Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Period, the sum of the 
values calculated for all the MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period as (a) the Best 
Value for such MFP Valuation Date (b) multiplied by the relevant MFP Date Weighting; 
"Weighted Average Rainbow Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Period, the sum 
of the values calculated for all MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period as (a) the 
relevant Rainbow Values (b) multiplied by the relevant MFP Date Weighting; and 
"Weighted Average Worst Value" means, in respect of a MFP Valuation Period, the sum of 
the values calculated for all the MFP Valuation Dates in such MFP Valuation Period as (a) the 
Worst Value for such MFP Valuation Date (b) multiplied by the relevant MFP Date Weighting.

--- Page 266 ---
- 266 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
9. 
VALUES 
Any value specified in the applicable Final Terms and used in the calculation of Payout and/or 
Entitlement Amount or related provision may be subject to a cap of the Maximum Value and/or a floor 
of the Minimum Value, in each case specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 267 ---
- 267 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
10. 
FORMULAS CONSTITUENTS AND COMPLETION 
The constituent parts (each a "Formula Constituent") of any formula (each a "Formula") used in the 
Formulas Conditions and which are to be specified in the applicable Final Terms may be replaced in the 
applicable Final Terms by the prescribed amount, level, percentage or other value, as applicable for such 
Formula Constituent. 
If a Formula Constituent has a value of either 0 (zero) or 1 (one), or is not applicable in respect of the 
relevant Securities, then the related Formula may be simplified in the applicable Final Terms by deleting 
such Formula Constituent. 
Any number or percentage to be specified in the applicable Final Terms for the purposes of these 
Formulas Conditions may be a positive or negative, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 268 ---
- 268 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
11. 
CALCULATION AGENT 
Unless otherwise specified, the calculation or determination of any amount or of any state of affairs, 
circumstance, event or other matter, or the formation of any opinion required or permitted to be 
determined, formed or exercised pursuant to these Formulas Conditions will be calculated, determined, 
formed or exercised by the Calculation Agent. 
Any calculation, determination, formation of any opinion or exercise of any discretion by the Calculation 
Agent pursuant to the Securities shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer, 
the Guarantor and the Securityholders. Whenever the Calculation Agent is required to make any 
determination it may, to the extent permitted by any applicable law, inter alia, decide issues of 
construction and legal interpretation. In performing its duties pursuant to the Securities, the Calculation 
Agent shall, unless otherwise specified, act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. Any 
delay, deferral or forbearance by the Calculation Agent in the performance or exercise of any of its 
obligations or making any determination under the Securities shall not affect the validity or binding 
nature of any later performance or exercise of such obligation or determination, and none of the 
Calculation Agent, the Issuer or the Guarantor shall, in the absence of wilful misconduct and gross 
negligence, bear any liability (to the extent permitted by any applicable law) in respect of, or consequent 
upon, any such delay, deferral or forbearance.

--- Page 269 ---
- 269 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
ANNEX 2 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX SECURITIES 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms the terms and conditions applicable to Securities specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as Index Securities shall comprise the Security Conditions and the additional Terms 
and Conditions for Index Securities set out below (the "Index Security Conditions"), in each case together with 
any other additional terms and conditions specified in the applicable Final Terms and subject to completion in the 
applicable Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Security Conditions and (ii) the Index 
Security Conditions, the Index Security provisions shall prevail. 
1. 
Definitions 
"Basket of Indices" means a basket composed of each Index specified in the applicable Final Terms in 
the weightings specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Clearance System" means the principal domestic clearance system customarily used for settling trades 
in the relevant securities; 
"Clearance System Days" means, in respect of a Clearance System, any day on which such Clearance 
System is (or, but for the occurrence of an event which results in the Clearance System being unable to 
clear the transfer of a relevant security would have been) open for the acceptance and execution of 
settlement instructions; 
"Closing Level" means, in respect of an Index and a Scheduled Trading Day, either (i) the official closing 
level of such Index or (ii) the exchange delivery settlement price or its equivalent from exchange to 
exchange, on such day, as indicated in the Final Terms and as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
subject as provided in Index Security Condition 3 (Adjustments to an Index); 
"Component Security" means, in respect of a Composite Index, each component security of such Index; 
"Component Security Index" means any Index specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if not 
so specified, any Index which the Calculation Agent determines to be such an Index; 
"Composite Index" means any Index which is either a Component Security Index or a Multi-Exchange 
Index; 
"Disrupted Day" means: 
(a) 
in respect of any Composite Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) the Index Sponsor 
fails to publish the level of such Index, (ii) the Related Exchange fails to open for trading during 
its regular trading session, or (iii) a Market Disruption Event has occurred; and 
(b) 
in respect of an Index that is not a Composite Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) 
the relevant Exchange and/or any Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular 
trading session or (ii) a Market Disruption Event has occurred; 
"Early Closure" means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Composite Index, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the Exchange in 
respect of any Component Security or the Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time 
unless such earlier closing is announced by such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case 
may be) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading 
session on such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case may be) on such Exchange Business 
Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related 
Exchange system for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day; 
and 
(b) 
in the case of an Index which is not a Composite Index, the closure on any Exchange Business 
Day of any relevant Exchange(s) relating to securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the

--- Page 270 ---
- 270 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
level of the relevant Index or any Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time 
unless such earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s), 
as the case may be, at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the 
regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange 
Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or 
Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day; 
"Exchange" means: 
(a) 
in the case of a Composite Index, in respect of each Component Security, the principal stock 
exchange on which such Component Security is principally traded, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; and 
(b) 
in the case of any Index which is not a Composite Index, in respect of such Index, each exchange 
or quotation system specified as such for such Index in the applicable Final Terms, any 
successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system 
to which trading in the securities comprising such Index has temporarily relocated (provided 
that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the 
securities comprising such Index on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as 
on the original Exchange); 
"Exchange Business Day" means either (a) in the case of a single Index, Exchange Business Day (Single 
Index Basis) or (b) in the case of a Basket of Indices, (i) Exchange Business Day (All Indices Basis) or 
(ii) Exchange Business Day (Per Index Basis), in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
provided that if no such specification is made in the applicable Final Terms, Exchange Business Day 
(All Indices Basis) shall apply; 
"Exchange Business Day (All Indices Basis)" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which 
(a) 
in respect of any Indices other than Composite Indices, each Exchange and each Related 
Exchange, if any, in respect of such Indices are open for trading during their respective regular 
trading session(s), notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to 
their Scheduled Closing Time; or 
(b) 
in respect of any Composite Indices: 
(i) 
the Index Sponsor publishes the level of such Composite Indices and 
(ii) 
either: 
(A) 
unless Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, each Related Exchange in respect of such Composite 
Indices is open for trading during its regular trading session; or 
(B) 
if Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, in respect of 
such Composite Indices is open for trading during its regular trading session 
in each case, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time; 
"Exchange Business Day (Per Index Basis)" means, in respect of an Index, any Scheduled Trading Day 
on which: 
(a) 
in respect of an Index other than a Composite Index, the relevant Exchange and the relevant 
Related Exchange, if any, in respect of such Index are open for trading during their regular 
trading session(s), notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time; or 
(b) 
in respect of a Composite Index:

--- Page 271 ---
- 271 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
(i) 
the relevant Index Sponsor publishes the level of such Composite Index; and 
(ii) 
either: 
(A) 
unless Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, each Related Exchange in respect of such Composite 
Index is open for trading during its regular trading session; or 
(B) 
if Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, in respect of 
such Composite Index is open for trading during its regular trading session. 
in each case, notwithstanding such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) closing prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time; 
"Exchange Business Day (Single Index Basis)" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which: 
(a) 
in respect of an Index other than a Composite Index, the relevant Exchange and the relevant 
Related Exchange, if any, in respect of such Index are open for trading during their regular 
trading session(s), notwithstanding any such relevant Exchange or relevant Related Exchange 
closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time; or 
(b) 
in respect of a Composite Index: 
(i) 
the relevant Index Sponsor publishes the level of such Composite Index; and 
(ii) 
either: 
(A) 
unless Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, each Related Exchange in respect of such Composite 
Index is open for trading during its regular trading session; or 
(B) 
if Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, in respect of 
such Composite Index is open for trading during its regular trading session. 
in each case, notwithstanding such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) closing prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time; 
"Exchange Disruption" means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Composite Index, any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for (i) any Component Security on the Exchange in 
respect of such Component Security or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to such Index 
on the Related Exchange; and 
(b) 
in the case of an Index which is not a Composite Index, any event (other than an Early Closure) 
that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market 
participants in general (i) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, on any relevant 
Exchange(s) in securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the relevant Index, 
or (ii) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts relating 
to the relevant Index on any relevant Related Exchange; 
"Index" and "Indices" mean, subject to adjustment in accordance with this Annex 2, the index or indices 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and related expressions shall be construed accordingly; 
"Index Correction Period" means (a) the period specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (b) if none 
is so specified, one Settlement Cycle;

--- Page 272 ---
- 272 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"Index Sponsor" means, in relation to an Index, the corporation or other entity that (a) is responsible for 
setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, 
related to such Index and (b) announces (directly or through an agent) the level of such Index on a regular 
basis during each Scheduled Trading Day, which as of the Issue Date is the index sponsor specified for 
such Index in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Intraday Level" means, in respect of an Index and any time on a Scheduled Trading Day, the level of 
such Index at such time on such day as determined by the Calculation Agent, subject as provided in Index 
Security Condition 3 (Adjustments to an Index); 
"Multi-Exchange Index" means any Index specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if not so 
specified, any Index which the Calculation Agent determines to be such an Index; 
"Related Exchange" means, in relation to an Index, each exchange or quotation system specified as such 
for such Index in the applicable Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any 
substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to such 
Index has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is 
comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such Index on such temporary 
substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange), provided that where "All 
Exchanges" is specified as the Related Exchange in the applicable Final Terms, "Related Exchange" 
shall mean each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material effect (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to such Index; 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means either (a) in the case of a single Index, Scheduled Trading Day (Single 
Index Basis) or (b) in the case of a Basket of Indices, (i) Scheduled Trading Day (All Indices Basis) or 
(ii) Scheduled Trading Day (Per Index Basis), in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
provided that if no such specification is made in the applicable Final Terms, Scheduled Trading Day (All 
Indices Basis) shall apply; 
"Scheduled Trading Day (All Indices Basis)" means any day on which: 
(a) 
in respect of any Indices other than Composite Indices, each Exchange and each Related 
Exchange, if any, in respect of such Indices are scheduled to be open for trading during their 
respective regular trading session(s); or 
(b) 
in respect of any Composite Indices: 
(i) 
the Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of such Composite Indices; and 
(ii) 
either: 
(A) 
unless Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, each Related Exchange in respect of such Composite 
Indices is open for trading during its regular trading session; or 
(B) 
if Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, in respect of 
such Composite Indices is scheduled to be open for trading during its regular 
trading session; 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Per Index Basis)" means, in respect of an Index, any day on which: 
(a) 
in respect of an Index other than a Composite Index, the relevant Exchange and the relevant 
Related Exchange, if any, in respect of such Index are scheduled to be open for trading during 
their respective regular trading session(s); or 
(b) 
in respect of a Composite Index: 
(i) 
the relevant Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of such Composite Index; 
and

--- Page 273 ---
- 273 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
(ii) 
either: 
(A) 
unless Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, each Related Exchange in respect of such Composite 
Index is open for trading during its regular trading session; or 
(B) 
if Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, in respect of 
such Composite Index is scheduled to be open for trading during its regular 
trading session; 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Single Index Basis)" means any day on which: 
(a) 
in respect of an Index other than a Composite Index, the relevant Exchange and the relevant 
Related Exchange, if any, in respect of such Index are scheduled to be open for trading during 
their respective regular trading session(s); or 
(b) 
in respect of a Composite Index: 
(i) 
the relevant Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of such Composite Index; 
and 
(ii) 
either: 
(A) 
unless Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, each Related Exchange in respect of such Composite 
Index is open for trading during its regular trading session; or 
(B) 
if Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, in respect of 
such Composite Index is scheduled to be open for trading during its regular 
trading session; 
"Settlement Cycle" means, in respect of an Index, the period of Clearance System Days following a 
trade in the security comprising such Index on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily occur 
according to the rules of such Exchange; 
"Settlement Price" means, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, in relation to each 
Security, or if Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, subject 
to the provisions of this Annex 2 and as referred to in "Strike Date", "Averaging Date", "Observation 
Date" or "Valuation Date", as the case may be: 
(a) 
in the case of Index Securities relating to a Basket of Indices and in respect of each Index 
comprising the Basket of Indices, an amount (which shall be deemed to be a monetary value on 
the same basis as the Exercise Price) equal to the official closing level or official opening level, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms, for such Index as determined by the Calculation 
Agent or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the level of such Index determined by 
the Calculation Agent as set out in the applicable Final Terms at the Valuation Time on (i) if 
Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Settlement Price Date or 
(ii) if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date and, in either 
case, multiplied by the relevant Weighting; and 
(b) 
in the case of Index Securities relating to a single Index, an amount (which shall be deemed to 
be a monetary value on the same basis as the Exercise Price) equal to the official closing level 
or official opening level, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, of the Index as determined 
by the Calculation Agent or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the level of the Index 
determined by the Calculation Agent as set out in the applicable Final Terms at the Valuation 
Time on (i) if Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Settlement 
Price Date or (ii) if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date;

--- Page 274 ---
- 274 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"Settlement Price Date" means the Strike Date, an Observation Date or the Valuation Date, as the case 
may be, or if the Securities are Single Final Payout - Leverage Factor Securities, an Exchange Business 
Day and the Valuation Date; and 
"Trading Disruption" means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Composite Index, any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the 
relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in 
price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise: 
(i) relating to any Component Security on the Exchange in respect of such Component Security; 
or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to such Index on the Related Exchange; and 
(b) 
in the case of an Index which is not a Composite Index, any suspension of or limitation imposed 
on trading by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason 
of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related 
Exchange or otherwise: (i) on any relevant Exchange(s) relating to securities that comprise 20 
per cent. or more of the level of the relevant Index; or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating 
to the relevant Index on any relevant Related Exchange. 
2. 
Market Disruption 
"Market Disruption Event" means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Composite Index either: 
(i) 
A. 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of any Component Security, of: 
(A) 
a Trading Disruption in respect of such Component Security, which 
the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the 
one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time in respect 
of the Exchange on which such Component Security is principally 
traded; 
(B) 
an Exchange Disruption in respect of such Component Security, 
which the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time 
during the one-hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time 
in respect of the Exchange on which such Component Security is 
principally traded; or 
(C) 
an Early Closure in respect of such Component Security; and 
B. 
in respect of a Multi-Exchange Index only, the aggregate of all Component 
Securities in respect of which a Trading Disruption, an Exchange Disruption 
or an Early Closure occurs or exists comprises 20 per cent. or more of the 
level of such Index; or 
(ii) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of futures or options contracts relating to such 
Index, of: (A) a Trading Disruption; (B) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case 
the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one-hour period 
that ends at the Valuation Time in respect of the Related Exchange; or (C) an Early 
Closure, in each case in respect of such futures or options contracts. 
In the case of a Multi-Exchange Index, for the purposes of determining whether a Market 
Disruption Event exists in respect of a Component Security at any time, if a Market Disruption 
Event occurs in respect of such Component Security at that time, then the relevant percentage 
contribution of that Component Security to the level of such Index shall be based on a 
comparison of (x) the portion of the level of such Index attributable to that Component Security 
to (y) the overall level of such Index, in each case using the official opening weightings as 
published by the Index Sponsor as part of the market "opening data"; and

--- Page 275 ---
- 275 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
(b) 
in the case of Indices other than Composite Indices, the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading 
Disruption, (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent determines 
is material, at any time during the one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time, or 
(iii) an Early Closure. For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event in 
respect of such Index exists at any time, if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of a 
security included in such Index at any time, then the relevant percentage contribution of that 
security to the level of the Index shall be based on a comparison of (A) the portion of the level 
of such Index attributable to that security and (B) the overall level of such Index, in each case 
immediately before the occurrence of such Market Disruption Event. 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with 
Security Condition 8 (Notices) of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day, would have been the Strike Date, an Averaging Date, an Observation 
Date, the Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date or a Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
3. 
Adjustments to an Index 
3.1 
Successor Index Sponsor Calculates and Reports an Index 
If a relevant Index is (a) not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor but is calculated and 
announced by a successor sponsor (the "Successor Index Sponsor") acceptable to the Calculation Agent, 
or (b) replaced by a successor index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a 
substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as used in the calculation of that Index, then 
in each case that index (the "Successor Index") will be deemed to be the Index. 
3.2 
Modification and Cessation of Calculation of an Index 
If (a) on or prior to the Strike Date, the last Averaging Date, the last Observation Date or the last 
Valuation Date, the relevant Index Sponsor makes or announces that it will make a material change in 
the formula for or the method of calculating a relevant Index or in any other way materially modifies that 
Index (other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain that Index in the event 
of changes in constituent stock and capitalisation and other routine events) (an "Index Modification"), 
or permanently cancels a relevant Index and no Successor Index exists (an "Index Cancellation"), or (b) 
on the Strike Date, an Averaging Date, an Observation Date or a Valuation Date, the Index Sponsor or 
(if applicable) the Successor Index Sponsor fails to calculate and announce a relevant Index (an "Index 
Disruption" and, together with an Index Modification and an Index Cancellation, each an "Index 
Adjustment Event"), then: 
 
the Calculation Agent shall determine if such Index Adjustment Event has a material effect on 
the Securities and, if so, shall calculate the relevant value, level or price using, in lieu of a 
published level for that Index, the level for that Index as at the Valuation Time on that Strike 
Date, that Valuation Date, that Observation Date or that Averaging Date, as the case may be, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula for and method of 
calculating that Index last in effect prior to the change, failure or cancellation, but using only 
those securities that comprised that Index immediately prior to that Index Adjustment Event; or 
 
the Calculation Agent may replace the relevant Index with a new similar index, multiplied, if 
need be by a linking coefficient to ensure continuity in the condition of the underlying of the 
Securities; or 
 
the Issuer may cancel the Warrants by giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with 
Security Condition 8. If the Warrants are so cancelled, the Issuer will: 
(i) 
if Highest Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will 
on giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with Security Condition 8 (Notices), 
pay to each Securityholder an amount in respect of each Security or if Units are 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, 
held by such Securityholder calculated and paid on such date determined, in 
accordance with Security Condition 21.1;

--- Page 276 ---
- 276 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
(ii) 
if Market Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will 
on giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with Security Condition 8 (Notices), 
pay to each Securityholder an amount in respect of each Security or if Units are 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, 
held by such Securityholder calculated and paid on such date determined, in 
accordance with Security Condition 21.2; 
(iii) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that such Index Adjustment Event constitutes a 
force majeure, and if Index Security Condition 3.2(c)(iii) is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Issuer will on giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with 
Security Condition 8 (Notices), pay to each Securityholder an amount in respect of 
each Security or if Units are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, each 
Unit, as the case may be, held by such Securityholder, which amount shall be equal to 
the fair market value of a Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, taking into account such 
event (provided that no account will be taken of costs (other than such costs that are 
unavoidable to cancel the Securities at their fair market value) and no such costs shall 
be deducted), such amount to be paid to the Securityholders on the date notified to the 
Securityholders in the notice of cancellation; or 
(iv) 
otherwise, pay an amount to each Securityholder in respect of each Warrant or, if Units 
are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, being 
cancelled at an amount equal to the fair market value of a Warrant or a Unit, as the 
case may be, taking into account the Index Adjustment Event less, unless Unwind 
Costs is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer 
and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, payment being made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Securityholders in accordance with Security Condition 8 (Notices). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Calculation Agent will adjust any relevant terms of the Securities as 
it determines appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer under the 
Securities. 
3.3 
Notice 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable, notify the Fiscal Agent of any determination made 
by it pursuant to paragraph 3.2 above and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto and such the 
Fiscal Agent, shall make available for inspection by Securityholders copies of any such determinations. 
4. 
Correction of Index 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three Business Days prior to the 
due date for any payment under the Securities, if the Index published on a given day and used or to be 
used by the Calculation Agent to make any determination under the Securities is subsequently corrected 
and the correction is published by the relevant Index Sponsor or (if applicable) the relevant Successor 
Index Sponsor, (a) in respect of a Composite Index, no later than five Business Days following the date 
of the original publication, or (b) in respect of an Index which is not a Composite Index, within the 
number of days equal to the Index Correction Period of the original publication, the level to be used shall 
be the level of the Index as so corrected. Corrections published after the day which is three Business 
Days prior to a due date for payment under the Securities will be disregarded by the Calculation Agent 
for the purposes of determining the relevant amount to be paid. 
5. 
Futures Price Valuation 
5.1 
If "Futures Price Valuation" is specified as applicable in relation to an Index in the applicable Final 
Terms, in respect of such Index, the following provisions shall apply to these Index Security Conditions: 
"First Traded Price" means, in relation to each Cash Settled Security or, if Units are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, subject to the provisions of this Annex 2:

--- Page 277 ---
- 277 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
(a) 
in the case of Index Securities relating to a Basket of Indices and in respect of each Index 
comprising the Basket of Indices, an amount (which shall be deemed to be a monetary value in 
the same currency as the Exercise Price) equal to the Actual First Traded Price of the relevant 
Current Exchange-traded Contract in respect of such Index as determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Settlement Price Date, multiplied by the relevant Weighting; and 
(b) 
in the case of Index Securities relating to a single Index, an amount (which shall be deemed to 
be a monetary value in the same currency as the Exercise Price) equal to the Actual First Traded 
Price of the relevant Current Exchange-traded Contract in respect of the Index as determined 
by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Settlement Price Date. 
"Settlement Price" means, in relation to each Security or, if Units are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, subject to the provisions of this Annex 2: 
(a) 
in the case of Index Securities relating to a Basket of Indices and in respect of each Index 
comprising the Basket of Indices, an amount (which shall be deemed to be a monetary value in 
the same currency as the Exercise Price) equal to the Official Settlement Price of the relevant 
Current Exchange-traded Contract in respect of such Index as determined by the Calculation 
Agent on (i) if Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Settlement 
Price Date or (ii) if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date 
and, in either case, multiplied by the relevant Weighting; and 
(b) 
in the case of Index Securities relating to a single Index, an amount (which shall be deemed to 
be a monetary value in the same currency as the Exercise Price) equal to the Official Settlement 
Price of the relevant Current Exchange-traded Contract in respect of the Index as determined 
by the Calculation Agent on (i) if Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant Settlement Price Date or (ii) if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an 
Averaging Date. 
For the purposes of determining whether a day is a Scheduled Trading Day where Futures Price Valuation 
applies in relation to any Index or (in the case of a Basket of Indices) any constituent Index any reference 
to such Index or constituent Index in the definition of Scheduled Trading Day will be deemed not to 
apply and instead a Scheduled Trading Day must be a day on which the Official Settlement Price or, if 
First Traded Price Applicable is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Actual First Traded Price, 
as applicable, is scheduled to be published by the relevant Futures or Options Exchange in relation to 
each such Index to which Futures Price Valuation applies. 
Where Futures Price Valuation applies in relation to any Index or (in the case of a Basket of Indices) any 
constituent Index, an Exchange Business Day must be a day on which the relevant Futures or Options 
Exchange in relation to each such Index is open for trading during their regular trading session(s), 
notwithstanding any such Futures or Options Exchange closing prior to its scheduled weekday closing 
time on such Exchange Business Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the 
regular trading session hours. 
The Disrupted Day provisions in the Security Conditions and/or these Index Security Conditions will not 
apply in relation to any Index or (in the case of a Basket of Indices, any Index comprising the Basket of 
Indices) in respect of which Futures Price Valuation applies, unless (other than in the case Single Final 
Payout - Leverage Factor Securities) there is a Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-
traded Contract, in which case the Disrupted Day provisions will apply to the relevant Index or 
constituent Index. 
For these purposes: 
"Actual First Traded Price" means the price at which the relevant Exchange-traded Contract is first 
traded on the relevant Futures or Options Exchange or its clearing house after 5:29:59 p.m. (Central 
European Time) as appearing first on the list of prices for such time published on the Relevant Futures 
or Options Exchange Website (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) or the Relevant FTP Screen 
Page (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), as applicable, or, if such Relevant Futures or Options 
Exchange Website or Relevant FTP Screen Page is not available, such replacement website or page as 
the Calculation Agent shall select or, subject to Index Security Condition 5.4 (Non-Commencement or 
Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract), if the Relevant Futures or Options Exchange Website

--- Page 278 ---
- 278 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
or Relevant FTP Screen Page is not available and the Calculation Agent determines that no replacement 
website or page exists or no such price is published after such time, the price determined by the 
Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner by reference to such sources 
as it considers appropriate. 
"Current Exchange-traded Contract" means (a) if the Securities are not Rolling Futures Contract 
Securities, the Exchange-traded Contract and (b) if the Securities are Rolling Futures Contract Securities, 
the futures contract determined pursuant to Index Security Condition 5.2 (Rolling Futures Contract 
Securities) below. 
"Exchange-traded Contract" means, in relation to an Index, the futures or options contract(s) specified 
as such for the Index in the applicable Final Terms, in each case, identified by reference to (a) the Index 
to which it relates, (b) the Futures or Options Exchange on which each such contract is traded and (c) (i) 
if the Securities are not Rolling Futures Contract Securities, the delivery or expiry month of such contract 
or (ii) if the Securities are Rolling Futures Contract Securities, the specified period of each such contract 
and the Futures Rollover Date. 
"Futures or Options Exchange" means, in respect of an Index, the relevant exchange specified in the 
description of the Exchange-traded Contract for such Index in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Futures Rollover Date" means either: 
(a) 
the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
the date selected by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable 
manner within the period ("Futures Rollover Period") specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract" means there is no 
Official Settlement Price or, if First Traded Price Applicable is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Actual First Traded Price, as applicable, as a result of the fact that trading in the Exchange-traded 
Contract never commences or is permanently discontinued at any time on or prior to Valuation Date, 
Observation Date, Averaging Date or other date for valuation or observation or other relevant date, as 
the case may be, of the relevant Index. 
"Official Settlement Price" means the official settlement price (howsoever described under the rules of 
the relevant Futures or Options Exchange or its clearing house) of the relevant Exchange-traded Contract 
published by the relevant Futures or Options Exchange or its clearing house and as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
5.2 
Rolling Futures Contract Securities 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the Securities are "Rolling Futures Contract Securities", the 
Securities will be valued by reference to futures contracts relating to the Index that have delivery or 
expiry months that do not correspond with the term of the Securities. In such case, on or prior to the Issue 
Date, the Calculation Agent will select an Exchange-traded Contract and for each following day until the 
Futures Rollover Date such futures contract will be the Current Exchange-traded Contract. On each 
Futures Rollover Date the Calculation Agent will select another Exchange-traded Contract and such 
contract shall be the Current Exchange-traded Contract until the next occurring Futures Rollover Date. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of 5.3 (Adjustments to an Exchange-traded Contract) or 5.4 (Non-
Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract) if on a Futures Rollover Date a 
Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract occurs and it is impossible or 
materially impracticable for the Calculation Agent to select an Exchange-traded Contract and/or, unless 
Related Hedging is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, at such time hedge the 
Issuer's obligations in respect of the Securities, then the Issuer may cancel the Warrants by giving notice 
to Securityholders in accordance with Security Condition 8. If the Warrants are so cancelled, the Issuer 
will: 
(i) 
if Highest Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will on 
giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with Security Condition 8 (Notices), pay to each 
Securityholder an amount in respect of each Security or if Units are specified as applicable in

--- Page 279 ---
- 279 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, held by such Securityholder 
calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with Security Condition 21.1; 
(ii) 
if Market Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will on giving 
notice to Securityholders in accordance with Security Condition 8 (Notices), pay to each 
Securityholder an amount in respect of each Security or if Units are specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, held by such Securityholder 
calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with Security Condition 21.2; or 
(iii) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that such Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an 
Exchange-traded Contract constitutes a force majeure, and if Index Security Condition 5.2(iii) 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will on giving notice to Securityholders in 
accordance with Security Condition 8 (Notices), cancel all but not some only of the Securities 
and pay to each Securityholder an amount in respect of each Security held by such 
Securityholder, which amount shall be equal to the fair market value of a Warrant or Unit, as 
the case may be, taking into account such event (provided that no account will be taken of costs 
(other than such costs that are unavoidable to cancel the Securities at their fair market value) 
and no such costs shall be deducted), such amount to be paid to the Securityholders on the date 
notified to the Securityholders in the notice of cancellation; 
(iv) 
otherwise, pay an amount to each Securityholder in respect of each Warrant or, if Units are 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, held by him which 
amount shall be equal to the fair market value of a Warrant or a Unit, as the case may be, taking 
into account the Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract less, 
unless Unwind Costs is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the 
Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, payment being made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in 
accordance with Security Condition 8 (Notices). 
5.3 
Adjustments to an Exchange-traded Contract 
Without duplication of Index Security Condition 3 (Adjustments to an Index) or Index Security Condition 
4 (Correction of Index) (which shall govern in the event of a conflict), in the event that the terms of an 
Exchange-traded Contract are changed or modified by the Futures or Options Exchange, the Calculation 
Agent shall make the appropriate adjustment, if any, to any of the Conditions and/or the applicable Final 
Terms to account for such change or modification. 
5.4 
Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract 
Where there is a Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract, the Official 
Settlement Price or Actual First Traded Price, as applicable, for any Valuation Date, Observation Date, 
Averaging Date or any other relevant date for valuation or observation, as the case may be, of the relevant 
Index shall be deemed to be the level of the relevant Index at the close of the regular trading session on 
the relevant Exchange or, in the case of a Composite Index, the time at which the official closing level 
of the Index is calculated and published by the Index Sponsor, in each case on the Valuation Date, 
Observation Date, Averaging Date or other relevant date. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if in respect of Single Final Payout - Leverage Factor Securities, if on 
any Exchange Business Day a Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract 
occurs, then the Issuer may cancel the Warrants by giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with 
Security Condition 8. If the Warrants are so cancelled, the Issuer will: 
(i) 
if Highest Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will on 
giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with Security Condition 8 (Notices), pay to each 
Securityholder an amount in respect of each Security or if Units are specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, held by such Securityholder 
calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with Security Condition 21.1; 
(ii) 
if Market Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will on giving 
notice to Securityholders in accordance with Security Condition 8 (Notices), pay to each

--- Page 280 ---
- 280 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
Securityholder an amount in respect of each Security or if Units are specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, held by such Securityholder 
calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with Security Condition 21.2; 
(iii) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that such Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an 
Exchange-traded Contract constitutes a force majeure, and if Index Security Condition 5.4(iii) 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will on giving notice to Securityholders in 
accordance with Security Condition 8 (Notices), cancel all, but not some only of the Warrants 
and pay to each Securityholder an amount in respect of each Security or, if Units are specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, held by such 
Securityholder, which amount shall be equal to the fair market value of a Warrant or Unit, as 
the case may be, taking into account such event (provided that no account will be taken of costs 
(other than such costs that are unavoidable to cancel the Securities at their fair market value) 
and no such costs shall be deducted), such amount to be paid to the Securityholders on the date 
notified to the Securityholders in the notice of cancellation; or 
(iv) 
otherwise, pay an amount to each Securityholder in respect of each Warrant or, if Units are 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, being cancelled at an 
amount equal to the fair market value of a Warrant or a Unit, as the case may be, taking into 
account the Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract less, 
unless Unwind Costs is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the 
Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, payment being made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in 
accordance with Security Condition 8 (Notices). 
5.5 
Correction of the Official Settlement Price or Actual First Traded Price 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three Business Days prior to the 
due date for any payment under the Securities, if the Official Settlement Price or Actual First Traded 
Price published on a given day and used or to be used by the Calculation Agent to make any determination 
under the Securities is subsequently corrected and the correction is published by the relevant Futures or 
Options Exchange, (a) in respect of a Composite Index, no later than five Business Days following the 
date of the original publication, or (b) in respect of an Index which is not a Composite Index, within the 
number of days equal to the Index Correction Period of the original publication, the Official Settlement 
Price or Actual First Traded Price, as applicable, to be used shall be the Official Settlement Price or 
Actual First Traded Price, as applicable, as so corrected. Corrections published after the day which is 
three Business Days prior to a due date for payment under the Securities will be disregarded by the 
Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining the relevant amount to be paid.

--- Page 281 ---
- 281 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
ANNEX 3 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE SECURITIES 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms the terms and conditions applicable to Securities specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as Share Securities shall comprise the Security Conditions and the additional Terms 
and Conditions for Share Securities set out below (the "Share Security Conditions"), in each case together with 
any other additional terms and conditions specified in the applicable Final Terms and subject to completion in the 
applicable Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Security Conditions and (ii) the Share 
Security Conditions, the Share Security Conditions shall prevail. 
1. 
Definitions 
"Basket Company" means each company specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and "Basket 
Companies" means all such companies; 
"Basket of Shares" means (a) a basket composed of Shares of each Basket Company specified in the 
applicable Final Terms in the weightings or numbers of Shares of each Basket Company specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or (b) a Relative Performance Basket; 
"Clearance System" means the principal domestic clearance system customarily used for settling trades 
in the relevant Share; 
"Clearance System Days" means, in respect of a Clearance System, any day on which such Clearance 
System is (or, but for the occurrence of an event which results in the Clearance System being unable to 
clear the transfer of a relevant security would have been) open for the acceptance and execution of 
settlement instructions; 
"Closing Price" means, in respect of a Share and a Scheduled Trading Day: 
(i) 
if AQR is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the official closing price of 
such Share on such day as determined by the Calculation Agent, subject as provided in Share 
Security Condition 3 (Potential Adjustment Events) and Share Security Condition 5 
(Extraordinary Events) (as amended where "GDR/ADR" is specified as applicable); or 
(ii) 
If AQR is specified as applicable in the applicable final terms and (a) if Averaging is not 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the volume-weighted average price of the Share on the 
Exchange on such day as displayed on the appropriate Bloomberg screen using function "AQR", 
subject to custom condition "Automatic Trade" on the Bloomberg information system (or any 
future successor screen page or information system) on the relevant Settlement Price Date at the 
Valuation Time indicated in the applicable Final Terms, or (b) if Averaging is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent to be 
equal to the arithmetic mean of the volume-weighted average price of the Share on the Exchange 
as displayed on the appropriate Bloomberg screen using function "AQR", subject to custom 
condition "Automatic Trade" on the Bloomberg information system (or any future successor 
screen page or information system) on each of the Averaging Dates at the Valuation Time 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms (in both cases under (a) and (b), the "VWA Closing 
Price"), such amount to be converted, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, into the 
Settlement Currency at the Exchange Rate and such converted amount to be the Closing Price, 
all as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which a relevant Exchange or any Related 
Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or on which a Market Disruption 
Event has occurred; 
"Early Closure" means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Exchange(s) or any 
Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced 
by such Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s), as the case may be, at least one hour prior to the 
earlier of (a) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or such Related 
Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day and (b) the submission deadline for orders to be entered

--- Page 282 ---
- 282 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange 
Business Day; 
"Exchange" means, in respect of a Share, each exchange or quotation system specified as such for such 
Share in the applicable Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute 
exchange or quotation system to which trading in the Share has temporarily relocated (provided that the 
Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such Share on such 
temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange); 
"Exchange Business Day" means either (a) in the case of a single Share, Exchange Business Day (Single 
Share Basis) or (b) in the case of a Basket of Shares, (i) Exchange Business Day (All Shares Basis) or 
(ii) Exchange Business Day (Per Share Basis), in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
provided that, if no such specification is made in the applicable Final Terms, Exchange Business Day 
(Per Share Basis) shall apply; 
"Exchange Business Day (All Shares Basis)" means, in respect of a Basket of Shares, any Scheduled 
Trading Day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, are open for trading in respect 
of all Shares comprised in the Basket of Shares during their respective regular trading session(s) 
notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to their Scheduled Closing Time; 
"Exchange Business Day (Per Share Basis)" means, in respect of a Share, any Scheduled Trading Day 
on which the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange, if any, in respect of such Share are 
open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s), notwithstanding any such relevant 
Exchange or relevant Related Exchange closing prior to their Scheduled Closing Time; 
"Exchange Business Day (Single Share Basis)" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the 
relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange, if any, are open for trading during their respective 
regular trading session(s), notwithstanding any such relevant Exchange or relevant Related Exchange 
closing prior to their Scheduled Closing Time; 
"Exchange Disruption" means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (a) to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, the Share(s) on the Exchange or (b) to effect transactions in, 
or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts on or relating to the Share(s) on any relevant 
Related Exchange; 
"Extraordinary Event Effective Date" means, in respect of an Extraordinary Event, the date on which 
such Extraordinary Event occurs, as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner; 
"Intraday Price" means, in respect of a Share and any time on a Scheduled Trading Day, the published 
or quoted price of such Share at such time on such day as determined by the Calculation Agent, subject 
as provided in Share Security Condition 3 (Potential Adjustment Events) and Share Security Condition 
5 (Extraordinary Events) (as amended where "GDR/ADR" is specified as applicable); 
"Italian Securities Reference Price" means the Prezzo di Riferimento, which means, in relation to a 
Share and a Scheduled Trading Day, the price for such Share published by the Italian Stock Exchange at 
the close of trading for such day and having the meaning ascribed thereto in the Rules of the Market 
organised and managed by the Italian Stock Exchange, as such Rules may be amended by the Borsa 
Italiana S.p.A. from time to time; 
"Related Exchange" means, in relation to a Share, each exchange or quotation system specified as such 
for such Share in the applicable Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any 
substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to such 
Share has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is 
comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such Share on such temporary 
substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange), provided that where "All 
Exchanges" is specified as the Related Exchange in the applicable Final Terms, "Related Exchange" 
shall mean each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material effect (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to such Share;

--- Page 283 ---
- 283 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"Relative Performance Basket" means a basket composed of Shares of each Basket Company specified 
in the applicable Final Terms where no weighting shall be applicable and where the Cash Settlement 
Amount shall be determined by reference to the Share which is either (a) the best performing, or (b) the 
worst performing, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means either (a) in the case of a single Share, Scheduled Trading Day (Single 
Share Basis) or (b) in the case of a Basket of Shares, (i) Scheduled Trading Day (All Shares Basis) or (ii) 
Scheduled Trading Day (Per Share Basis), in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
provided that, if no such specification is made in the applicable Final Terms, Scheduled Trading Day 
(Per Share Basis) shall apply; 
"Scheduled Trading Day (All Shares Basis)" means, in respect of a Basket of Shares, any day on which 
each Exchange and each Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading in respect of all Shares 
comprised in the Basket of Shares during their respective regular trading session(s); 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Per Share Basis)" means, in respect of a Share, any day on which the relevant 
Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange in respect of such Share are scheduled to be open for trading 
during their respective regular trading session(s); 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Single Share Basis)" means any day on which the relevant Exchange and 
the relevant Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading during their respective regular trading 
session(s); 
"Settlement Cycle" means in respect of a Share, the period of Clearance System Days following a trade 
in the Share on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily occur according to the rules of such 
Exchange; 
"Settlement Price" means, in relation to each Security, or if Units are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, subject to the provisions of this Annex 3 and as referred to in 
"Strike Date", "Averaging Date", "Observation Date" or "Valuation Date", as the case may be: 
(a) 
in the case of Share Securities relating to a Basket of Shares and in respect of each Share 
comprising the Basket of Shares, an amount equal to the official closing price or the Italian 
Securities Reference Price, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (or the price at the 
Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or an Averaging Date, as the case may 
be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) quoted on the relevant Exchange for such Share 
on (i) if Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Settlement Price 
Date or (ii) if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date, or, other 
than in the case of Single Final Payout - Leverage Factor Securities, if in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, any such official closing price or Italian Securities Reference Price (or the 
price at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or such Averaging Date, as 
the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) cannot be so determined and the 
relevant Settlement Price Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, is not a Disrupted Day, 
an amount determined by the Calculation Agent to be equal to the arithmetic mean of the closing 
fair market buying price (or the fair market buying price at the Valuation Time on the relevant 
Settlement Price Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) and the closing fair market selling price (or the fair market selling price 
at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or such Averaging Date, as the case 
may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) for such Share whose official closing price 
or Italian Securities Reference Price (or the price at the Valuation Time on the relevant 
Settlement Price Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) cannot be determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith 
and a commercially reasonable manner, either on the arithmetic mean of the foregoing prices or 
middle market quotations provided to it by two or more financial institutions (as selected by the 
Calculation Agent) engaged in the trading of such Share (or on such other factors as the 
Calculation Agent shall decide), multiplied by the relevant Weighting, such amount to be 
converted, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, into the Settlement Currency at the 
Exchange Rate, all as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner; and

--- Page 284 ---
- 284 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
(b) 
in the case of Share Securities relating to a single Share, an amount equal to, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if AQR is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the official closing 
price or the Italian Securities Reference Price, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, (or the price at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or an 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
quoted on the relevant Exchange for such Share on (i) if Averaging is not specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Settlement Price Date or (ii) if Averaging is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date, or, other than in the case 
of Single Final Payout - Leverage Factor Securities, if, in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent, any such official closing price or Italian Securities Reference Price (or the price 
at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or such Averaging Date, 
as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) cannot be so 
determined and the relevant Settlement Price Date or Averaging Date, as the case may 
be, is not a Disrupted Day, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent to be equal 
to the arithmetic mean of the closing fair market buying price (or the fair market buying 
price at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or such Averaging 
Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) and the closing 
fair market selling price (or the fair market selling price at the Valuation Time on the 
relevant Settlement Price Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) for the Share determined by the Calculation 
Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, either on the 
arithmetic mean of the foregoing prices or middle market quotations provided to it by 
two or more financial institutions (as selected by the Calculation Agent) engaged in 
the trading of the Share (or on such other factors as the Calculation Agent shall decide), 
such amount to be converted, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, into the 
Settlement Currency at the Exchange Rate and such converted amount to be the 
Settlement Price, all as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; or 
(ii) 
If AQR is specified as applicable in the applicable final terms and (a) if Averaging is 
not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the volume-weighted average 
price of the Share on the Exchange as displayed on the appropriate Bloomberg screen 
using function "AQR", subject to custom condition "Automatic Trade" on the 
Bloomberg information system (or any future successor screen page or information 
system) on the relevant Settlement Price Date at the Valuation Time indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms, or (b) if Averaging is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent to be equal to the 
arithmetic mean of the volume-weighted average price of the Share on the Exchange 
as displayed on the appropriate Bloomberg screen using function "AQR", subject to 
custom condition "Automatic Trade" on the Bloomberg information system (or any 
future successor screen page or information system) on each of the Averaging Dates 
at the Valuation Time indicated in the applicable Final Terms (in both cases under (a) 
and (b), the "VWA Settlement Price"), such amount to be converted, if so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, into the Settlement Currency at the Exchange Rate and 
such converted amount to be the Settlement Price, all as determined by or on behalf of 
the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
"Settlement Price Date" means the Strike Date, an Observation Date or the Valuation Date, as the case 
may be, or if the Securities are Single Final Payout - Leverage Factor Securities, an Exchange Business 
Day and the Valuation Date; 
"Shares" and "Share" mean, subject to adjustment in accordance with this Annex 3, in the case of an 
issue of Securities relating to a Basket of Shares, each share and, in the case of an issue of Securities 
relating to a single Share, the share, specified in the applicable Final Terms and related expressions shall 
be construed accordingly; 
"Share Company" means, in the case of an issue of Securities relating to a single Share, the company 
that has issued such Share;

--- Page 285 ---
- 285 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"Share Correction Period" means (a) the period specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (b) if none 
is so specified, one Settlement Cycle; and 
"Trading Disruption" means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant 
Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding 
limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange or otherwise (a) relating to the Share 
on the Exchange; or (b) in futures or options contracts relating to the Share on any relevant Related 
Exchange. 
2. 
Market Disruption 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in relation to Securities relating to a single Share or a Basket of 
Shares, in respect of a Share, the occurrence or existence of (a) a Trading Disruption, (b) an Exchange 
Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one 
hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time, or (c) an Early Closure. 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with 
Security Condition 8 (Notices) of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day, would have been the Strike Date, an Averaging Date, an Observation 
Date, the Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date or a Valuation Date as the case may be. 
3. 
Potential Adjustments Events 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means any of the following: 
(a) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of the relevant Shares (unless resulting in a 
Merger Event) or a free distribution or dividend of any such Shares to existing holders by way 
of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(b) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Shares of (i) such Shares or 
(ii) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the 
proceeds of liquidation of the Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, equally 
or proportionately with such payments to holders of such Shares or (iii) share capital or other 
securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the Basket Company 
or Share Company, as the case may be, as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction or 
(iv) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (in 
cash or in other consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
(c) 
an extraordinary dividend as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(d) 
a call by a Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, in respect of relevant Shares 
that are not fully paid; 
(e) 
a repurchase by the Basket Company or its subsidiaries or Share Company or its subsidiaries, 
as the case may be, of relevant Shares whether out of profits or capital and whether the 
consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise; 
(f) 
in respect of a Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, an event that results in 
any shareholder rights being distributed or becoming separated from shares of common stock 
or other shares of the capital stock of such Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may 
be, pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against hostile takeovers that 
provides upon the occurrence of certain events for a distribution of preferred stock, certificates, 
warrants, debt instruments or stock rights at a price below their market value as determined by 
the Calculation Agent, provided that any adjustment effected as a result of such an event shall 
be readjusted upon any redemption of such rights; or 
(g) 
any other event that may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Shares.

--- Page 286 ---
- 286 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"Potential Adjustment Event Effective Date" means, in respect of a Potential Adjustment Event, the 
date on which such Potential Adjustment Event is announced by the relevant Basket Company or Share 
Company, as the case may be, as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. 
Following the declaration by the Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, of the terms 
of any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent will, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative 
effect on the theoretical value of the Shares and, if so, will (a) make the corresponding adjustment, if 
any, to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (where the Securities are Physical 
Delivery Securities) and/or the Exercise Price and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these 
Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms as the Calculation Agent acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner determines appropriate to account for that diluting or 
concentrative effect (provided that no adjustments will be made to account solely for changes in 
volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relative to the relevant Share) and (b) determine 
the effective date of that adjustment. The Calculation Agent may, but need not, determine the appropriate 
adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect of such Potential Adjustment Event made by an 
options exchange to options on the Shares traded on that options exchange. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Calculation Agent will adjust any relevant terms of the Securities as 
it determines appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer under the 
Securities. 
Upon the making of any such adjustment by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent shall give 
notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with Security Condition 8 (Notices), 
stating the adjustment to any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (where the Securities are Physical 
Delivery Securities) and/or the Exercise Price and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these 
Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms and giving brief details of the Potential 
Adjustment Event and the Potential Adjustment Event Effective Date. 
4. 
Dividend Event 
If "Dividend Protection" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the 
occurrence of a Dividend Event during the period from, but excluding, the Issue Date, to, and including, 
the Exercise Date as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, the Calculation Agent may, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, and unless otherwise provided in the Final Terms, adjust the values and level indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms by multiplying such levels by the Adjustment Factor K (rounded to the fourth 
decimal digit). 
Upon the making of any such adjustments, the Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable 
to the Securityholders in accordance with Security Condition 8 (Notices) stating the occurrence of the 
Dividend Event and providing details of the relevant adjustments, provided that any failure to give, or 
non-receipt of, such notice will not affect the validity of any such adjustment. 
Where: 
"Actual Dividend" means, in respect of any Business Day (i) if the distribution is made in cash, 100% 
of the gross cash dividend per Share declared by the Share Company, as the case may be, to holders of 
record of a Share and for which the Ex-Dividend Date falls on such Business Day; and (ii) if the 
distribution is made otherwise, a dividend amount per share as determined by the Calculation Agent as 
equal to the fair market value of the distributed assets on the relevant Ex-Dividend Date and for which 
the Ex-Dividend Date falls on such day; and (iii) if no distribution is made for which the Ex-Dividend 
Date falls on such Business Day, zero. 
Where a distribution is announced which may, at the election of the relevant shareholder, be satisfied by 
a payment of cash or a distribution of shares, the distribution shall be treated as a cash dividend in an 
amount equal to such cash amount. 
"Adjustment Factor K" means the factor calculated in accordance with the following formula and 
rounded to the eight decimal digit:

--- Page 287 ---
- 287 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
Adjustment Factor K =
Cum Reference Price −Actual Dividend 
Cum Reference Price −Scheduled Dividend  
"Cap Level" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Cum Reference Price" means the official closing price of the Shares on the Exchange Business Day 
preceding the Ex-Dividend Date. 
"Dividend Event" means that on any Business Day either: 
(i) 
the Actual Dividend declared by the Share Company, in respect of the Share in relation to which 
the Ex-Dividend Date falls on such Business Day differs from the amount of the Scheduled 
Dividend for such Business Day; or 
(ii) 
the Scheduled Dividend for such Business Day is greater than zero, but there is no Actual 
Dividend declared by the Share Company, in relation to which the Ex-Dividend Date falls on 
such Business Day. 
"Ex-Dividend Date" means either (i) the first Business Day following the declaration of a distribution 
on which a holder of a Share on such Business Day is not entitled to receive such distribution or (ii) each 
Scheduled Ex-Date. 
"Scheduled Dividend" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Scheduled Ex-Date" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
5. 
Extraordinary Events 
5.1 
The occurrence of any of De-Listing, Insolvency, Merger Event, Nationalisation, Tender Offer (unless 
Tender Offer is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms), or, if specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, Illiquidity, Listing Change, Listing Suspension or CSR Event, as the case 
may be, shall be deemed to be an "Extraordinary Event", the consequences of which are set forth in 
Share Security Condition 5.2 (Consequences of the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event): 
"CSR Event" means, in respect of Share Securities relating to a Basket of Shares, any negative change 
in any Non-Financial Rating of a Basket Company when compared to such Non-Financial Rating as at 
the Issue Date of the first tranche of the Series, if such change is material, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
"De-Listing" means, in respect of any relevant Shares, the Exchange announces that pursuant to the rules 
of such Exchange, such Shares cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the 
Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender Offer) and are not immediately re-listed, 
re-traded or re-quoted on (a) where the Exchange is located in the United States, any of the New York 
Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ National Market System (or their 
respective successors) or (b) a comparable exchange or quotation system located in the same country as 
the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within the European Union, in a member state of the European 
Union). 
"Illiquidity" means, in respect of Share Securities relating to a Basket of Shares, that, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, during any period of five consecutive Scheduled Trading Days 
falling after the Issue Date (the "Relevant Period"), (a) the difference between the bid prices and the ask 
prices in respect of a Share during the Relevant Period is greater than 1 per cent. (on average), and/or (b) 
the average purchase price or the average selling price, determined by the Calculation Agent from the 
order book of the relevant Share on the relevant Exchange during the Relevant Period, in relation to the 
purchase or sale of Shares with a value equal to or greater than EUR 10,000.00, is greater than MID plus 
1 per cent. (in relation to a purchase of Shares) or lower than the MID minus 1 per cent. (in relation to a 
sale of Shares). For these purposes, "MID" means an amount equal to (i) the sum of the bid price and the 
ask price, in each case for the relevant Share at the relevant time, (ii) divided by two. 
"Insolvency" means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, 
dissolution or winding-up of or any analogous proceeding affecting the Basket Company or Share

--- Page 288 ---
- 288 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
Company, as the case may be, (a) all the Shares of that Basket Company or Share Company, as the case 
may be, are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (b) holders of the 
Shares of that Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, become legally prohibited from 
transferring them. 
"Listing Change" means, in respect of any relevant Shares, that such Shares cease (or will cease) to be 
listed, traded or publicly quoted on the listing compartment or the relevant market of the Exchange on 
which such Shares were listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Issue Date of the relevant Securities, for 
any reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender Offer). 
"Listing Suspension" means, in respect of any relevant Shares, that the listing of such Shares on the 
Exchange has been suspended. 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of any relevant Shares, any: 
(a) 
reclassification or change of such Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable 
commitment to transfer all of such Shares outstanding to another entity or person, 
(b) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of a Basket Company or Share 
Company, as the case may be, with or into another entity or person (other than a consolidation, 
amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange in which such Basket Company or Share 
Company, as the case may be, is the continuing entity and which does not result in a 
reclassification or change of all of such Shares outstanding), 
(c) 
takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity 
or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding Shares of the Basket 
Company or Share Company, as the case may be, that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable 
commitment to transfer all such Shares (other than such Shares owned or controlled by such 
other entity or person), or 
(d) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Basket Company or its 
subsidiaries or the Share Company or its subsidiaries, as the case may be, with or into another 
entity in which the Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, is the continuing 
entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such Shares outstanding 
but results in the outstanding Shares (other than Shares owned or controlled by such other entity) 
immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the 
outstanding Shares immediately following such event, 
in each case if the relevant Extraordinary Event Effective Date is on or before (i) in the case of Cash 
Settled Securities, the last occurring Valuation Date or where Averaging is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the final Averaging Date in respect of the relevant Security or (ii) in the case of Physical 
Delivery Securities, the relevant Settlement Date. 
"Nationalisation" means that all the Shares or all or substantially all the assets of the Basket Company 
or Share Company, as the case may be, are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise transferred to any 
governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof. 
"Non-Financial Rating" means the rating assigned to the Basket Company by the relevant non-financial 
rating agency being an entity assigning ratings based on corporate social responsibility including 
corporate governance and ethical business conduct, social and human resources policy, environmental 
protection policy and social initiatives (each such agency, a "Non-Financial Rating Agency"). 
"Tender Offer" means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event 
by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having 
the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 50 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. of 
the outstanding voting shares of the Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, based upon the making of filings with governmental or self-
regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant.

--- Page 289 ---
- 289 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
5.2 
Consequences of the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event: 
If an Extraordinary Event occurs in relation to a Share, the Issuer may take any of the relevant actions 
described in (a), (c) or (d) (in the case of Securities relating to either a single Share or a Basket of Shares), 
or (b) or (e) (in the case of Securities relating to a Basket of Shares) as it deems appropriate: 
 
require the Calculation Agent to determine acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any one or more of any 
Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each case where the Securities are Physical Delivery 
Securities) and/or the Exercise Price and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these 
Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to account for the relevant 
Extraordinary Event and determine the effective date of that adjustment. The relevant 
adjustments may include, without limitation, adjustments to account for changes in volatility, 
expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the Shares or to the Securities. The 
Calculation Agent may (but need not) determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the 
adjustment in respect of the relevant Extraordinary Event made by any options exchange to 
options on the Shares traded on that options exchange. In addition, in relation to a Basket of 
Shares, the Calculation Agent may adjust the Basket of Shares in accordance with the provisions 
of sub-paragraph 5.2(e) below; 
 
in the case of Share Securities relating to a Basket of Shares, cancel the Warrants in part by 
giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with Security Condition 8 (Notices). If the 
Securities are so cancelled in part the portion (the "Settled Amount") of each Security, or if 
Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, representing 
the affected Share(s) shall be settled and the Issuer will: 
(i) 
if Highest Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, pay to each 
Securityholder the Settled Amount in respect of each Warrant, or if Units are specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, held by such 
Securityholder calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with 
Security Condition 21.1; 
(ii) 
if Market Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, pay to each 
Securityholder the Settled Amount in respect of each Security held by such 
Securityholder calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with 
Security Condition 21.2; or 
(iii) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that such Extraordinary Event constitutes a force 
majeure, and if Share Security Condition 5.2(b)(iii) is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, pay to each Securityholder the Settled Amount in respect of each Security, or 
if Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, held 
by such Securityholder, which amount shall be equal to the fair market value of a 
Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, taking into account such event (provided that no 
account will be taken of costs (other than such costs that are unavoidable to cancel the 
Warrants at their fair market value) and no such costs shall be deducted), such amount 
to be paid to the Securityholders on the date notified to the Securityholders in the notice 
of cancellation; or 
(iv) 
otherwise, pay to each Securityholder in respect of each Security or Unit, as the case 
may be, held by him an amount equal to the fair market value of the Settled Amount 
taking into account the relevant Extraordinary Event, less, unless if Unwind Costs are 
specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer and/or 
its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner; and 
(v) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any one or more 
of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each case where the Securities are 
Physical Delivery Securities) and/or the Exercise Price and/or the Weighting and/or

--- Page 290 ---
- 290 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
any of the other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms 
to account for such cancellation in part. 
For the avoidance of doubt the remaining part of each Security or Unit, as the case may be, after 
such cancellation and adjustment shall remain outstanding with full force and effect. Payments 
will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with 
Security Condition 8 (Notices); 
 
on giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with Security Condition 8, cancel all but not 
some only of the Warrants, or if Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, Units, as the 
case may be, and: 
(i) 
if Highest Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will 
on giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with Security Condition 8 (Notices), 
pay to each Securityholder an amount in respect of each Security or if Units are 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, 
held by such Securityholder calculated and paid on such date determined, in 
accordance with Security Condition 21.1; 
(ii) 
if Market Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will 
on giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with Security Condition 8 (Notices), 
pay to each Securityholder an amount in respect of each Security or if Units are 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, 
held by such Securityholder calculated and paid on such date determined, in 
accordance with Security Condition 21.2; 
(iii) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that such Extraordinary Event constitutes a force 
majeure, and if Share Security Condition 5.2(c)(iii) is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Issuer will on giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with Security 
Condition 8 (Notices), pay to each Securityholder an amount in respect of each 
Security or if Units are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, 
as the case may be, held by such Securityholder, which amount shall be equal to the 
fair market value of a Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, taking into account such 
event (provided that no account will be taken of costs (other than such costs that are 
unavoidable to cancel the Securities at their fair market value) and no such costs shall 
be deducted), such amount to be paid to the Securityholders on the date notified to the 
Securityholders in the notice of cancellation; or 
(iv) 
otherwise, by payment of an amount equal to the fair market value of a Warrant or 
Unit, as the case may be, taking into account the relevant Extraordinary Event, less, 
unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements, plus if already paid, the Exercise Price, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
payment being made in such manner as shall be notified to the Holders in accordance 
with Security Condition 8 (Notices); or 
 
following such adjustment to the settlement terms of options on the Shares traded on such 
exchange(s) or quotation system(s) as the Issuer shall select (the "Options Exchange"), require 
the Calculation Agent to make a corresponding adjustment to any one or more of any Relevant 
Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each case where the Securities are Physical Delivery Securities) 
and/or the Exercise Price and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and 
Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms, which adjustment will be effective as of the date 
determined by the Calculation Agent to be the effective date of the corresponding adjustment 
made by the Options Exchange. If options on the Shares are not traded on the Options Exchange, 
the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to any one or more of any Relevant 
Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each case where the Securities are Physical Delivery Securities) 
and/or the Exercise Price and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and 
Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms as the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner determines appropriate, with reference to the rules and 
precedents (if any) set by the Options Exchange to account for the relevant Extraordinary Event,

--- Page 291 ---
- 291 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
that in the determination of the Calculation Agent would have given rise to an adjustment by 
the Options Exchange if such options were so traded; or 
 
on or after the relevant Extraordinary Event Effective Date, the Calculation Agent may adjust 
the Basket of Shares to include a Share selected by it in accordance with the criteria for Share 
selection set out below (each, a "Substitute Share") for each Share (each, an "Affected Share") 
of each Basket Company (each, an "Affected Basket Company") which is affected by such 
Extraordinary Event and the Substitute Share will be deemed to be a "Share" and the relevant 
issuer of such shares a "Basket Company" for the purposes of the Securities, and the 
Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to any one or more of any Relevant Asset 
and/or the Entitlement (in each case where the Securities are Physical Delivery Securities) 
and/or the Exercise Price and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and 
Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms as the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner determines appropriate, provided that the Exercise Price 
will be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Exercise Price = Α × (B/C) 
where: 
"A" is the official closing price of the relevant Substitute Share on the relevant Exchange on the 
Substitution Date; 
"B" is the Exercise Price of the relevant Affected Share; and 
"C" is the official closing price of the relevant Affected Share on the relevant Exchange on the 
Substitution Date. 
Such substitution and the relevant adjustment to the Basket of Shares will be deemed to be 
effective as of the date selected by the Calculation Agent (the "Substitution Date") acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and specified in the notice referred to 
below which may, but need not, be the relevant Extraordinary Event Effective Date. 
The Weighting of each Substitute Share in the Basket of Shares will be equal to the Weighting 
of the relevant Affected Share. 
In order to be selected as a Substitute Share, the relevant share must satisfy the following 
criteria, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner: 
(i) 
where the relevant Extraordinary Event is a Merger Event or a Tender Offer and the 
relevant share is not already included in the Basket of Shares, the relevant share shall 
be an ordinary share of the entity or person (other than the Affected Basket Company) 
involved in the Merger Event or the making of the Tender Offer that is, or that as of 
the relevant Extraordinary Event Effective Date is promptly scheduled to be, (A) 
publicly quoted, traded or listed on an exchange or quotation system located in the 
same country as the relevant Exchange (or, where the relevant Exchange is within the 
European Union, in any member state of the European Union) and (B) not subject to 
any currency exchange controls, trading restrictions or other trading limitations; or 
(ii) 
where the relevant Extraordinary Event is a Merger Event or a Tender Offer and a 
share would otherwise satisfy the criteria set out in paragraph (i) above, but such share 
is already included in the Basket of Shares or such Share does not satisfy the criteria 
set out in paragraph (i) above, or in the case of an Extraordinary Event other than a 
Merger Event or a Tender Offer: 
(A) 
the relevant issuer of the share shall belong to the same economic sector as 
the Affected Basket Company; 
(B) 
the relevant issuer of the share shall have a comparable market capitalisation, 
international standing and exposure as the Affected Basket Company; and

--- Page 292 ---
- 292 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
(C) 
in the case of the occurrence of a CSR Event only, the relevant issuer of the 
share shall have a comparable Non-Financial Rating to the Affected Basket 
Company. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that more than one Extraordinary Event occurs in respect of a Share 
Company or a Basket Company, which are not connected and have different consequences pursuant to 
this Share Security Condition 5.2, the Calculation Agent will determine which such Extraordinary Event 
and related consequences shall apply acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
Upon the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event, if the Calculation Agent determines that an adjustment 
in accordance with the above provisions is necessary it shall notify the Issuer thereof as soon as 
practicable, and the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance 
with Security Condition 8 (Notices) stating the occurrence of the Extraordinary Event, giving details 
thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto including, in the case of a Share 
Substitution, the identity of the Substitute Shares and the Substitution Date. 
5.3 
Hedging Liquidity Event 
 
"Hedging Liquidity Event" means that, at any time after the Listing Date of the Securities, the 
volume of Shares held by the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates in relation to any hedging 
arrangements in respect of the Securities is above the Maximum Hedging Liquidity Level; 
"Maximum Hedging Liquidity Level" means the percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if not so specified, 50 per cent. of the daily average volume of the 
transactions on the Shares on the Exchange over the last 6 month time period appearing on the 
relevant Screen Page. 
 
Consequences of a Hedging Liquidity Event 
If Hedging Liquidity Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent a Hedging Liquidity Event occurs in relation to a Share, 
the Issuer may immediately cancel all but not some only of the Warrants or, if Units are specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, Units, at an amount equal to the fair market value of a Warrant 
or Unit, as the case may be, taking into account the relevant Hedging Liquidity Event, less, 
unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to 
the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner. Notice of cancellation will be given to Securityholders in accordance with Security 
Condition 8 (Notices) as soon as practicable following determination of the occurrence of the 
Hedging Liquidity Event and payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Securityholders. 
6. 
Correction of Share Price 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three Business Days prior to the 
due date for any payment or delivery under the Securities, if the price of the relevant Share published on 
a given day and used or to be used by the Calculation Agent to make any determination under the 
Securities is subsequently corrected and the correction is published by the relevant Exchange within the 
number of days equal to the Share Correction Period of the original publication, the price to be used shall 
be the price of the relevant Share as so corrected. Corrections published after the day which is three 
Business Days prior to a due date for payment or delivery under the Securities will be disregarded by the 
Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining the relevant amount. 
7. 
Dividend Payment 
If "Dividend Payment" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the following 
provisions shall apply to the Securities: 
 
In the event that on or after the Issue Date a Cash Dividend is paid by the Share Company or 
Basket Company, as the case may be, notwithstanding any provisions in these Terms and

--- Page 293 ---
- 293 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
Conditions to the contrary, the Calculation Agent shall calculate (i) the relevant Distributed 
Amount and (ii) the relevant Dividend Date. 
 
As soon as practicable following the Dividend Date, the Issuer shall give notice (a "Cash 
Dividend Notice") to the Securityholders in accordance with Security Condition 8 (Notices) of 
the Cash Dividend and the relevant Cash Dividend Payment Date and the Issuer, or failing 
which the Guarantor, if applicable, shall pay to each Securityholder on the Cash Dividend 
Payment Date an amount equal to the Cash Dividend Amount in respect of each Security held 
by him on the Cash Dividend Payment Date, provided that if the relevant Dividend Date has 
not occurred prior to the Actual Exercise Date, the Issuer shall not be obliged to pay such Cash 
Dividend Amount and the Issuer and/or the Guarantor, if applicable, shall have no further 
obligation in respect thereof. 
 
The Cash Dividend Notice shall specify the manner in which the Cash Dividend Amount shall 
be paid to each Securityholder. 
For the purposes of this Share Security Condition 7 the following definitions shall apply: 
"Cash Dividend" means any cash dividend paid by the Share Company or Basket Company in respect 
of a Share; 
"Cash Dividend Amount" means, in respect of a Security, an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent equal to the Distributed Amount less a pro rata share of Dividend Expenses, such amount to be 
converted into the Settlement Currency at an exchange rate determined by the Calculation Agent acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner on or as soon as practicable after the Dividend 
Date; 
"Cash Dividend Payment Date" means, in respect of a Cash Dividend, the date specified as such in the 
relevant Cash Dividend Notice; 
"Distributed Amount" means, in respect of a Cash Dividend, the amount of such dividend paid by the 
Share Company in respect of a Share, as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner; 
"Dividend Date" means, in respect of a Cash Dividend, the date on which such Cash Dividend would 
be received by a holder of the Share as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner; and 
"Dividend Expenses" means all present, future or contingent withholding, capital gain, profit, 
transactional or business tax or other similar tax or duty (including stamp duty) and/or expenses 
(including any applicable depositary charges, transaction charges, issue, registration, transfer and/or 
other expenses) which the Calculation Agent determines have been or may be deducted and/or may arise 
or may have arisen in respect of the Cash Dividend and/or any payment of the Cash Dividend Amount 
in respect of the Securities. 
8. 
GDR/ADR 
Share Security Conditions 9 (Definitions relating to GDR/ADR) to 13 (Extraordinary Events) (inclusive) 
apply where "GDR/ADR" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
9. 
Definitions relating to GDR/ADR 
"ADR" means an American Depositary Receipt; 
"Conversion Event" means any event which in the determination of the Calculation Agent acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner results (or will result) in the GDRs and/or ADRs 
being converted into Underlying Shares or any other listed Securities of the issuer of the Underlying 
Shares; 
"GDR" means a Global Depositary Receipt; and

--- Page 294 ---
- 294 - 
 
Milan 4208952.2 
"Underlying Shares" means the shares underlying an ADR or GDR, as the case may be. 
10. 
General 
Save where specifically provided under the Final Terms, all references in the Security Conditions, and 
the Share Security Conditions to the "Shares" shall be deemed to be to the GDRs or ADRs, as applicable, 
and/or the Underlying Shares, references to the "Share Company" or "Basket Company", as applicable, 
shall be deemed to be to the issuer of the GDRs or ADRs, as the case may be, and the issuer of the 
Underlying Shares, and references to the "Exchange" shall be deemed to be to the exchange or quotation 
system on which the GDRs or ADRs, as the case may be, are listed and the exchange or quotation system 
on which the Underlying Shares are listed, and with such additional or alternative modifications as the 
Calculation Agent may consider necessary or otherwise desirable provided that any such amendment is 
not materially prejudicial to the Securityholders of Securities. 
11. 
Share Event 
Upon the occurrence of a Share Event, the Issuer may take the action described in paragraphs (a), (b), 
(c), (d) or (e), as applicable, of Share Security Condition 5.2 (Consequences of the occurrence of an 
Extraordinary Event) The Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in 
accordance with Security Condition 8 (Notices) stating the occurrence of the Share Event, giving details 
thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
"Share Event" means each of the following events: 
(a) 
written instructions have been given by the Issuer or a Qualified Investor to the depositary of 
the Underlying Shares to withdraw or surrender the Underlying Shares; 
(b) 
the termination of the deposit agreement in respect of the Underlying Shares. 
If an event constitutes both a Share Event and an Additional Disruption Event, the Calculation Agent 
shall, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determine which of these events 
such event constitutes. 
12. 
Potential Adjustment Event 
The following additional event shall be deemed added to paragraph (b) of the definition of Potential 
Adjustment Event in Share Security Condition 3 (Potential Adjustments Events): 
"and/or a distribution in respect of the Underlying Shares of property other than cash, shares or rights 
relating to any Underlying Shares to the holder of the Underlying Shares". 
13. 
Extraordinary Events 
The following additional events shall be deemed added to the first paragraph of Share Security Condition 
5.1 after the words "as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms)": 
"Conversion Event".

--- Page 295 ---
69672-10-20357-v6.0 
- 295 - 
47-40720036 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
ANNEX 4 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI SECURITIES 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Securities specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as ETI Securities shall comprise the Security Conditions and the additional Terms 
and Conditions for ETI Securities set out below (the "ETI Security Conditions"), in each case together with any 
other additional terms and conditions specified in the applicable Final Terms and subject to completion in the 
applicable Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Security Conditions and (ii) the ETI 
Security Conditions, the ETI Security Conditions shall prevail. 
1. 
Definitions 
"Basket Trigger Event" means that an Extraordinary ETI Event occurs in respect of one or more ETI 
Interests or the related ETI comprising the ETI Basket which has or, in the event that an Extraordinary 
ETI Event has occurred in respect of more than one ETI, together have, a Weighting in the ETI Basket 
equal to or greater than the Basket Trigger Level; 
"Basket Trigger Level" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms or if not so specified, 
50 per cent; 
"Calculation Date" means each day(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if not so specified, 
each day which is an Exchange Business Day; 
"Clearance System" means the applicable domestic clearance system customarily used for settling 
trades in the relevant ETI Interest; 
"Clearance System Days" means, in respect of a Clearance System, any day on which such Clearance 
System is (or, but for the occurrence of an event which results in the Clearance System being unable to 
clear the transfer of a relevant security would have been) open for the acceptance and execution of 
settlement instructions; 
"Closing Price" means, in respect of an ETI and a Scheduled Trading Day, the official closing price (or 
if Value per ETI Interest is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Value per ETI 
Interest) in respect of the relevant ETI Interest in relation to such day as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, subject as provided in ETI Security Condition 3 (Potential Adjustment Events) or ETI Security 
Condition 4 (Extraordinary ETI Events); 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which a relevant Exchange or any Related 
Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or on which a Market Disruption 
Event has occurred; 
"Dividend Event" means that with reference to the later of (i) the two financial years prior to the Trade 
Date, and (ii) the two financial years prior to the relevant observation date, the ETI has implemented a 
material change to its practice with respect to the payment of dividends; 
"Early Closure" means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Exchange(s) or any 
Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced 
by such Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s), as the case may be, at least one hour prior to the 
earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or such Related 
Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered 
into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange 
Business Day; 
"ETI" means (i) any exchange traded fund, (ii) the issuer of (A) an exchange traded note, (B) exchange 
traded commodity or (C) any other exchange traded product or (iii) any other exchange traded entity 
specified as an ETI in the applicable Final Terms; 
"ETI Basket" means, where the ETI Securities are linked to the performance of ETI Interests of more 
than one ETI, a basket comprising such ETI Interests;

--- Page 296 ---
- 296 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
"ETI Documents" means with respect to any ETI Interest, the offering document of the relevant ETI in 
effect on the Hedging Date specifying, among other matters, the terms and conditions relating to such 
ETI Interests and, for the avoidance of doubt, any other documents or agreements in respect of the ETI, 
as may be further described in any ETI Document; 
"ETI Interest(s)" means (i) in respect of an exchange traded fund, an ownership interest issued to or 
held by an investor in such ETI, (ii) in respect of an exchange traded note or an exchange traded 
commodity, a unit or note, as the case may be, issued by such ETI, or (iii) in respect of any other exchange 
traded product, any other interest specified as an ETI Interest in the applicable Final Terms; 
"ETI Interest Correction Period" means (a) the period specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (b) 
if none is so specified, one Settlement Cycle; 
"ETI Related Party" means, in respect of any ETI, any person who is appointed to provide services 
(howsoever described in any ETI Documents), directly or indirectly, in respect of such ETI, whether or 
not specified in the ETI Documents, including any advisor, manager, administrator, operator, 
management company, depository, custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, administrator, trustee, 
registrar and transfer agent, domiciliary agent, sponsor or general partner and any other person specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms and in the case of an exchange traded note or exchange traded 
commodity, the calculation agent; 
"Exchange" means in relation to an ETI Interest, each exchange or quotation system specified as such 
for the relevant ETI in the applicable Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system 
or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the ETI Interest has temporarily 
relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative 
to such ETI Interest on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original 
Exchange); 
"Exchange Business Day" means either (i) in the case of a single ETI Interest, Exchange Business Day 
(Single ETI Interest Basis) or (ii) in the case of an ETI Basket, Exchange Business Day (All ETI Interests 
Basis) or Exchange Business Day (Per ETI Interest Basis), in each case as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, provided that, if no such specification is made in the applicable Final Terms, Exchange 
Business Day (Per ETI Interest Basis) shall apply; 
"Exchange Business Day (All ETI Interests Basis)" means, in respect of an ETI Basket, any Scheduled 
Trading Day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, are open for trading in respect 
of all ETI Interests comprised in the ETI Basket during their respective regular trading session(s) 
notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to their Scheduled Closing Time; 
"Exchange Business Day (Per ETI Interest Basis)" means, in respect of an ETI Interest, any Scheduled 
Trading Day on which the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange, if any, in respect of 
such ETI Interest are open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s), notwithstanding 
any such relevant Exchange or relevant Related Exchange closing prior to their Scheduled Closing Time; 
"Exchange Business Day (Single ETI Interest Basis)" means, in respect of an ETI Interest, any 
Scheduled Trading Day on which the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange (if any) are 
open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s), notwithstanding any such relevant 
Exchange or relevant Related Exchange closing prior to their Scheduled Closing Time; 
"Exchange Disruption" means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (i) to effect transactions 
in, or obtain market values for, the ETI Interest on the Exchange or (ii) to effect transactions in, or obtain 
market values for, futures or options contracts on or relating to the ETI Interest on any relevant Related 
Exchange; 
"Extraordinary ETI Event Effective Date" means, in respect of an Extraordinary ETI Event, the date 
on which such Extraordinary ETI Event occurs, or has occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; 
"Final Calculation Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 297 ---
- 297 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
"Hedge Provider" means the party (being, inter alios, the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the 
Calculation Agent, an affiliate or any third party) from time to time who hedges the Issuer's obligations 
in respect of the Securities or where no such party actually hedges such obligations, a Hypothetical 
Investor, who shall be deemed to enter into transactions as if hedging such obligations. The Hedge 
Provider will hold or be deemed to hold such number of ETI Interests, or enter or be deemed to enter 
into any agreement to purchase or deliver, or pay an amount linked to the performance of, such number 
of ETI Interests as it (or in the case of a Hypothetical Investor, the Calculation Agent) considers would 
be held by a prudent issuer as a hedge for its exposure under the relevant Securities; 
"Hedging Date" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Hedging Shares" means the number of ETI Interests that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates deems 
necessary to hedge the equity or other price risk of entering into and performing its obligations with 
respect to the Securities; 
"Hypothetical Investor" means a hypothetical or actual investor (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in the context of the relevant situation) in an ETI Interest which is deemed to have the benefits 
and obligations, as provided in the relevant ETI Documents, of an investor holding an ETI Interest at the 
relevant time. The Hypothetical Investor may be deemed by the Calculation Agent to be resident or 
organised in any jurisdiction, and to be, without limitation, the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the 
Calculation Agent or any of their Affiliates (as determined by the Calculation Agent in the context of the 
relevant situation); 
"Implied Embedded Option Value" means, an amount (which may never be less than zero) equal to 
the present value as of the Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date, of any scheduled but 
unpaid payments under the Securities in respect of the period from (and including) the Extraordinary ETI 
Event Effective Date to (and including) the Settlement Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner but, notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary contained herein, taking into account, without limitation, such factors as the net proceeds 
actually received from the redemption or sale of any ETI Interests by the Hedge Provider, the volatility 
of the ETI Interests and any transaction costs; 
"Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date" means the date determined by the Calculation 
Agent to be the first date on which it is possible to determine the Implied Embedded Option Value 
following the occurrence of an Extraordinary ETI Event; 
"Initial Calculation Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if not so 
specified, the Hedging Date; 
"Intraday Price" means, in respect of an ETI and any time on a Scheduled Trading Day, the published 
or quoted price (or if Value per ETI Interest is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Value per ETI Interest) in respect of the relevant ETI Interest in relation to such time on such day as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, subject as provided in ETI Security Condition 3 (Potential 
Adjustment Events) or ETI Security Condition 4 (Extraordinary ETI Events); 
"Investment/AUM Level" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms, or if not so specified, 
EUR 50,000,000 or the equivalent in any other currency; 
"Loss of Stock Borrow" means that the Issuer and/or any Affiliate is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) any ETI Interest in an amount equal to the 
Hedging Shares at a rate equal to or less than the Maximum Stock Loan Rate; 
"Maximum Stock Loan Rate" means in respect of an ETI Interest, the Maximum Stock Loan Rate 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of any relevant Interests and Entity, any: 
(i) 
reclassification or change of such ETI Interests that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable 
commitment to transfer all of such ETI Interests outstanding to another entity or person,

--- Page 298 ---
- 298 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
(ii) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share/unit/interest exchange of an ETI with or 
into another entity or person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding 
share/unit/interest exchange in which such ETI, is the continuing entity and which does not 
result in a reclassification or change of all of such ETI Interests outstanding), 
(iii) 
takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity 
or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding ETI Interests of an 
ETI that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such ETI Interests 
(other than such ETI Interests owned or controlled by such other entity or person), or 
(iv) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share/unit/interest exchange of an ETI or its 
subsidiaries with or into another entity in which the ETI is the continuing entity and which does 
not result in a reclassification or change of all such ETI Interests outstanding but results in the 
outstanding ETI Interests (other than ETI Interests owned or controlled by such other entity) 
immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the 
outstanding ETI Interests immediately following such event, 
in each case if the relevant Extraordinary ETI Event Effective Date is on or before (a) in the case of Cash 
Settled Securities, the last occurring Valuation Date or (b) in the case of Physical Delivery Securities, 
the Settlement Date. For the purposes of this definition only, "Interests" shall mean the applicable ETI 
Interests or the shares of any applicable ETI Related Party, as the context may require, and "Entity" shall 
mean the applicable ETI or any applicable ETI Related Party, as the context may require; 
"Number of Value Publication Days" means the number of calendar days or Value Business Days 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, being the maximum number of days after the due date for 
publication or reporting of the Value per ETI Interest after which the ETI Related Party or any entity 
fulfilling such role, howsoever described in the ETI Documents, or any other party acting on behalf of 
the ETI, may remedy any failure to publish or report the Value per ETI Interest before the Calculation 
Agent may determine that an Extraordinary ETI Event has occurred; 
"Related Exchange" means in relation to an ETI Interest, each exchange or quotation system specified 
as such for such ETI Interest in the applicable Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation 
system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts 
relating to such ETI Interest has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has 
determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such 
ETI Interest on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related 
Exchange), provided that where "All Exchanges" is specified as the Related Exchange in the applicable 
Final Terms, "Related Exchange" shall mean each exchange or quotation system where trading has a 
material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options 
contracts relating to such ETI Interest; 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means either (i) in the case of a single ETI and in relation to an ETI Interest, 
Scheduled Trading Day (Single ETI Interest Basis) or (ii) in the case of an ETI Basket, Scheduled 
Trading Day (All ETI Interest Basis) or Scheduled Trading Day (Per ETI Interest Basis), in each case as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that, if no such specification is made in the applicable 
Final Terms, Exchange Business Day (Per ETI Interest Basis) shall apply; 
"Scheduled Trading Day (All ETI Interest Basis)" means, in respect of an ETI Basket, any day on 
which the Exchange and Related Exchange(s) are scheduled to be open for trading in respect of all ETI 
Interests comprised in the ETI Basket during their respective regular trading session(s); 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Per ETI Interest Basis)" means, in respect of an ETI Interest, any day on 
which the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange in respect of such ETI Interest are 
scheduled to be open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s); 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Single ETI Interest Basis)" means any day on which the relevant Exchange 
and the relevant Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading during their respective regular 
trading session(s);

--- Page 299 ---
- 299 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
"Settlement Cycle" means in respect of an ETI Interest, the period of Clearance System Days following 
a trade in the ETI Interest on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily occur according to the 
rules of such Exchange; 
"Settlement Price" means, in relation to each Security, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final 
Terms and subject to the provisions of these ETI Security Conditions and as referred to in "Valuation 
Date" or "Averaging Date", as the case may be: 
(i) 
in the case of ETI Securities relating to an ETI Basket and in respect of each ETI Interest 
comprising the ETI Basket, an amount equal to: 
(x) 
if the applicable Final Terms specify that the Settlement Price is to be the official 
closing price, the official closing price (or the price at the Valuation Time on the 
Valuation Date or an Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) quoted on the relevant Exchange for such ETI Interest on; 
(a) 
if Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Valuation 
Date;  
or 
(b) 
if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date 
(or if in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such official closing price 
(or the price at the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date or such Averaging 
Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) cannot 
be so determined and the Valuation Date or Averaging Date, as the case may 
be, is not a Disrupted Day, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent 
to be equal to the arithmetic mean of the closing fair market buying price (or 
the fair market buying price at the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date or 
such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) and the closing fair market selling price (or the fair market 
selling price at the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date or such Averaging 
Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) for 
such ETI Interest whose official closing price (or the price at the Valuation 
Time on the Valuation Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if 
so specified in the applicable Final Terms) cannot be determined based, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, either on the arithmetic mean of the 
foregoing prices or middle market quotations provided to it by two or more 
financial institutions or applicable brokers (as selected by the Calculation 
Agent) engaged in the trading of such ETI Interest or on such other factors as 
the Calculation Agent shall decide); or 
(y) 
if the applicable Final Terms specify that the Settlement Price is to be the Value per 
ETI Interest, the Value per ETI Interest for such ETI Interest on: 
(a) 
if Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Valuation 
Date;  
or 
(b) 
if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date, 
in each case multiplied by the relevant Weighting, such value to be converted, 
if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, into the Settlement Currency at 
the Exchange Rate, all as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation 
Agent; and 
(ii) 
in the case of ETI Securities relating to a single ETI Interest, an amount equal to: 
(x) 
if the applicable Final Terms specify that the Settlement Price is to be the official 
closing price, the official closing price (or the price at the Valuation Time on the

--- Page 300 ---
- 300 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
Valuation Date or an Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) quoted on the relevant Exchange for such ETI Interest on: 
(a) 
if Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Valuation 
Date;  
or 
(b) 
if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date 
(or if, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such official closing price 
(or the price at the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date or such Averaging 
Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) cannot 
be so determined and the Valuation Date or Averaging Date, as the case may 
be, is not a Disrupted Day, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent 
to be equal to the arithmetic mean of the closing fair market buying price (or 
the fair market buying price at the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date or 
such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) and the closing fair market selling price (or the fair market 
selling price at the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date or such Averaging 
Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) for the 
ETI Interest based, as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, either on the arithmetic mean 
of the foregoing prices or middle market quotations provided to it by two or 
more financial institutions or applicable brokers (as selected by the 
Calculation Agent) engaged in the trading of such ETI Interest or on such 
other factors as the Calculation Agent shall decide); or 
(y) 
if the applicable Final Terms specify that the Settlement Price is to be the Value per 
ETI Interest, the Value per ETI Interest on: 
(a) 
if Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Valuation 
Date;  
or 
(b) 
if Averaging is specified on the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date, 
in each case, such amount to be converted, if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, into the Settlement Currency at the Exchange Rate and such 
converted amount to be the Settlement Price, all as determined by or on behalf 
of the Calculation Agent; 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means eight (8) Scheduled Trading Days, or such other 
number of Specified Maximum Days of Disruption specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Tender Offer" means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event 
by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having 
the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 50 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. of 
the outstanding voting shares, units or interests of the ETI or an ETI Related Party, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, based upon the making of filings with governmental or self-regulatory agencies or 
such other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant; 
"Termination Amount" means: 
(i) 
if Highest Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, an amount in respect 
of each Security calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with Security 
Condition 21.1; or 
(ii) 
if Market Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, an amount in respect 
of each Security calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with Security 
Condition 21.2; or

--- Page 301 ---
- 301 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
(iii) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that the relevant Extraordinary ETI Event or combination 
of Extraordinary ETI Events constitutes a force majeure, and if ETI Event Force Majeure is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, an amount in respect of each Security, or 
if Units are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, 
which amount shall be equal to the fair market value of a Security or Unit, as the case may be, 
taking into account such event (provided that no account will be taken of costs (other than such 
costs that are unavoidable to cancel the Securities at their fair market value) and no such costs 
shall be deducted), such amount to be paid to the Securityholders on the date notified to the 
Securityholders in the notice of cancellation; 
(iv) 
otherwise, the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if not so specified, an amount 
equal to the Implied Embedded Option Value (if any), such amount payable on the Termination 
Date; 
"Termination Date" means the date determined by the Issuer and specified in the notice given to 
Securityholders in accordance with ETI Security Condition 6.2(c); 
"Trade Date" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Trading Disruption" means in relation to an ETI Interest, any suspension of or limitation imposed on 
trading by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements 
in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange or otherwise (i) 
relating to the ETI Interest or any underlying asset of the ETI on the Exchange; or (ii) in futures or options 
contracts relating to the ETI Interest or any underlying asset of the ETI on any relevant Related Exchange; 
"Value Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
Value Business Day Centre(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Valuation Time" means in the case of an ETI and in relation to an ETI Interest either (i) the close of 
trading on the Exchange or (ii) as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Value per ETI Interest" means, with respect to the relevant ETI Interest(s) and the Scheduled Trading 
Day relating to such ETI Interests, (i) if the relevant ETI Documents refer to an official net asset value 
per ETI Interest (howsoever described), such official net asset value per ETI Interest, otherwise (ii) the 
official closing price or value per ETI Interest, as of the relevant calculation date, as reported on such 
Scheduled Trading Day by the ETI or an ETI Related Party, the relevant Exchange or publishing service 
(which may include the website of an ETI), all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Value per ETI Interest Trading Price Barrier" means the percentage specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, or if not so specified, 5 per cent.; 
"Value per ETI Interest Trading Price Differential" means the percentage by which the Value per 
ETI Interest differs from the actual trading price of the ETI Interest as of the time the Value per ETI 
Interest is calculated; 
"Value per ETI Interest Trigger Event" means, in respect of any ETI Interest(s), that (i) the Value per 
ETI Interest has decreased by an amount equal to, or greater than, the Value Trigger Percentage(s) at any 
time during the related Value Trigger Period, or (ii) the ETI has violated any leverage restriction that is 
applicable to, or affecting, such ETI or its assets by operation of any law, (x) any order or judgement of 
any court or other agency of government applicable to it or any of its assets, (y) the ETI Documents or 
(z) any other contractual restriction binding on or affecting the ETI or any of its assets; 
"Value Trigger Percentage" means the percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if not so 
specified, 50 per cent.; 
"Value Trigger Period" means the period specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if not so specified 
the period from and including the Initial Calculation Date to and including the Final Calculation Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt the period could be equal to specified number of consecutive or non-
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days, as defined in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 302 ---
- 302 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
2. 
Market Disruption 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in relation to Securities relating to a single ETI Interest or an ETI 
Basket, in respect of an ETI Interest the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, (ii) an 
Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time 
during the one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time, or (iii) an Early Closure. 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with 
Security Condition 8 (Notices) of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day, would have been an Averaging Date or a Valuation Date or on any 
Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, as the case may be. 
3. 
Potential Adjustment Events 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means any of the following: 
(a) 
an extraordinary dividend as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(b) 
a repurchase or exercise of any call option by any ETI of relevant ETI Interests whether out of 
profits or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or 
otherwise; or 
(c) 
any other event that may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant ETI Interests. 
"Potential Adjustment Event Effective Date" means, in respect of a Potential Adjustment Event, the 
date on which such Potential Adjustment Event is announced by the relevant ETI or ETI Related Party, 
as the case may be, as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner. 
Following the declaration by the relevant ETI or ETI Related Party, as the case may be, of the terms of 
any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent will, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative 
effect on the theoretical value of the ETI Interests and, if so, will (i) make the corresponding adjustment, 
if any, to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (where the Securities are Physical 
Delivery Securities) and/or the Exercise Price and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these 
Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms as the Calculation Agent acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner determines appropriate to account for that diluting or 
concentrative effect (provided that no adjustments will be made to account solely for changes in 
volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relative to the relevant ETI Interest) and (ii) 
determine the effective date of that adjustment. The Calculation Agent may, but need not, determine the 
appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect of such Potential Adjustment Event 
made by an options exchange to options on the ETI Interest traded on that options exchange. 
Upon the making of any such adjustment, the Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as reasonably 
practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with Security Condition 8 (Notices) stating the 
adjustment to any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (where the Securities are Physical Delivery 
Securities) and/or the Exercise Price and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Terms 
and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms and giving brief details of the Potential Adjustment 
Event and the Potential Adjustment Event Effective Date. 
4. 
Extraordinary ETI Events 
Subject to the provisions of ETI Security Condition 5 (Determination of Extraordinary ETI Events) 
"Extraordinary ETI Event" means the occurrence or continuance at any time on or after the Trade Date 
of any of the following events as determined by the Calculation Agent: 
Global Events: 
4.1 
the ETI or any ETI Related Party (i) ceases trading and/or, in the case of an ETI Related Party, ceases 
administration, portfolio management, investment services, custodian, prime brokerage, or any other

--- Page 303 ---
- 303 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
relevant business (as applicable), (ii) is dissolved or has a resolution passed, or there is any proposal, for 
its dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or 
merger); (iii) makes a general assignment or arrangement with or for the benefit of its creditors; (iv) (1) 
institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary 
insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or 
organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency 
or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting 
creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, 
supervisor or similar official, or (2) has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of 
insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law 
affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding 
or petition is instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in sub-clause (iv) (1) above and 
either (x) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the 
making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (y) is not immediately dismissed, discharged, 
stayed or restrained; (v) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional 
liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially 
all its assets; (vi) has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or 
substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not 
immediately dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained; or (vii) causes or is subject to any event with 
respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an effect analogous to any of the 
events specified in sub-clauses (i) to (vi) above; or 
4.2 
the occurrence of a Merger Event or Tender Offer; 
Litigation/Fraudulent Activity Events: 
4.3 
there exists any litigation against the ETI or an ETI Related Party which the Calculation Agent 
determines, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, could materially affect the 
value of the ETI Interests or on the rights or remedies of any investor therein; or 
4.4 
(i) an allegation of criminal or fraudulent activity is made in respect of the ETI, or any ETI Related Party, 
or any employee of any such entity, or the Calculation Agent reasonably determines that any such 
criminal or fraudulent activity has occurred, or (ii) any investigative, judicial, administrative or other 
civil or criminal proceedings is commenced or is threatened against the ETI, any ETI Related Party or 
any key personnel of such entities if such allegation, determination, suspicion or proceedings could, in 
the determination of the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
materially affect the value of the ETI Interests or the rights or remedies of any investor in such ETI 
Interests; 
Change in ETI Related Parties/Key Persons Events: 
4.5 
(i) an ETI Related Party ceases to act in such capacity in relation to the ETI (including by way of Merger 
Event or Tender Offer) and is not immediately replaced in such capacity by a successor acceptable to the 
Calculation Agent; and/or (ii) any event occurs which causes, or will with the passage of time (in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent) cause, the failure of the ETI and/or any ETI Related Party to meet or 
maintain any obligation or undertaking under the ETI Documents which failure is reasonably likely to 
have an adverse impact on the value of the ETI Interests or on the rights or remedies of any investor 
therein; 
Modification Events: 
4.6 
a material modification of or deviation from any of the investment objectives, investment restrictions, 
investment process or investment guidelines of the ETI (howsoever described, including the underlying 
type of assets in which the ETI invests), from those set out in the ETI Documents, or any announcement 
regarding a potential modification or deviation, except where such modification or deviation is of a 
formal, minor or technical nature; 
4.7 
a material modification, cancellation or disappearance (howsoever described), or any announcement 
regarding a potential future material modification, cancellation or disappearance (howsoever described),

--- Page 304 ---
- 304 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
of the type of assets (i) in which the ETI invests, (ii) the ETI purports to track, or (iii) the ETI 
accepts/provides for purposes of creation/redemption baskets; 
4.8 
a material modification, or any announcement regarding a potential future material modification, of the 
ETI (including but not limited to a material modification of the ETI Documents or to the ETI's liquidity 
terms) other than a modification or event which does not affect the ETI Interests or the or any portfolio 
of assets to which the ETI Interest relates (either alone or in common with other ETI Interests issued by 
the ETI); 
4.9 
the currency denomination of the ETI Interest is amended from that set out in the ETI Documents so that 
the Value per ETI Interest is no longer calculated in the same currency as it was as at the Trade Date; or 
4.10 
if applicable, the ETI ceases to be an undertaking for collective investments under the legislation of its 
relevant jurisdiction; 
Net Asset Value/Investment/AUM Level Events: 
4.11 
a material modification of the method of calculating the Value per ETI Interest; 
4.12 
any change in the periodicity of the calculation or the publication of the Value per ETI Interest; 
4.13 
any of the ETI, any ETI Related Parties or any other party acting on behalf of the ETI fails for any reason 
to calculate and publish the Value per ETI Interest within the Number of Value Publication Days 
following any date scheduled for the determination of the valuation of the ETI Interests unless the cause 
of such failure to publish is of a technical nature and outside the immediate and direct control of the 
entity responsible for such publication; 
4.14 
the assets under management of, or total investment in, the ETI falls below the Investment/AUM Level; 
4.15 
a Value per ETI Interest Trigger Event occurs; 
4.16 
failure by the ETI or any ETI Related Party to publish (i) the Value per ETI Interest at the end of each 
Scheduled Trading Day as a result of any action or inaction by the ETI or any ETI Related Party, or (ii) 
where the relevant ETI Documents provide for the publication of an indicative Value per ETI Interest, 
such indicative Value per ETI Interest is published no less frequently than once every five (5) minutes 
during regular trading hours on the Exchange on each Scheduled Trading Day; or 
4.17 
(i) the Value per ETI Interest Trading Price Differential breaches the Value per ETI Interest Trading 
Price Barrier, and (ii) such breach has an adverse impact on any hedging activities in relation to the 
Securities; 
Tax/Law/Accounting/Regulatory Events: 
4.18 
there is a change in or in the official interpretation or administration of any laws or regulations relating 
to taxation that has or is likely to have a material adverse effect on any hedging arrangements entered 
into by any Hedge Provider in respect of the Securities (a "Tax Event") and, subject as provided below, 
the Hedge Provider has, for a period of one calendar month following the day the relevant Tax Event 
became known to it, used reasonable efforts to mitigate the material adverse effect of the Tax Event by 
seeking to transfer such hedging arrangements to an affiliated company, provided that the Hedge Provider 
shall not under any circumstances be obliged to take any steps which would result in sustaining a loss or 
expense of any kind and the period set out above for such mitigation shall be deemed satisfied on any 
date it is or becomes apparent at any time that there is no practicable means of mitigating the Tax Event; 
or 
4.19 
(i) any relevant activities of or in relation to the ETI or the ETI Related Parties are or become unlawful, 
illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part as a result of compliance with any present or future 
law, regulation, judgment, order or directive of any governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial 
authority or power, or in the interpretation thereof, in any applicable jurisdiction (including, but not 
limited to, any cancellation, suspension or revocation of the registration or approval of the ETI by any 
governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over the ETI), (ii) a relevant authorisation or 
licence is revoked, lapses or is under review by a competent authority in respect of the ETI or the ETI

--- Page 305 ---
- 305 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
Related Parties or new conditions are imposed, or existing conditions varied, with respect to any such 
authorisation or licence, (iii) the ETI is required by a competent authority to redeem any ETI Interests, 
(iv) the Hedge Provider is required by a competent authority or any other relevant entity to dispose of or 
compulsorily redeem any ETI Interests held in connection with any hedging arrangements relating to the 
Securities and/or (v) any change in the legal, tax, accounting or regulatory treatment of the ETI or any 
ETI Related Party that is reasonably likely to have an adverse impact on the value of the ETI Interests or 
other activities or undertakings of the ETI or on the rights or remedies of any investor therein, including 
any Hedge Provider; 
Hedging/Impracticality/Increased Costs Events: 
4.20 
in connection with any hedging activities in relation to the Securities, as a result of any adoption of, or 
any change in, any law, order, regulation, decree or notice, howsoever described, after the Trade Date, 
or issuance of any directive or promulgation of, or any change in the interpretation, whether formal or 
informal, by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or similar administrative or judicial body of any 
law, order, regulation, decree or notice, howsoever described, after such date or as a result of any other 
relevant event (each a "Relevant Event") (i) it would become unlawful or impractical for the Hedge 
Provider to hold (including, without limitation, circumstances requiring the Hedge Provider to modify 
any reserve, special deposit, or similar requirement or that would adversely affect the amount or cost of 
regulatory capital that would have to be maintained in respect of any holding of ETI Interests or that 
would subject a holder of the ETI Interests or the Hedge Provider to any loss), purchase or sell the 
relevant ETI Interests or any underlying assets of or related to the ETI or for the Hedge Provider to 
maintain its hedging arrangements and, (ii) subject as provided below, the Hedge Provider has, for a 
period of one calendar week following the day the Relevant Event became known to it, used reasonable 
efforts to mitigate the effect of the Relevant Event by seeking to transfer such hedging arrangements to 
an affiliated company, provided that the Hedge Provider shall not under any circumstances be obliged to 
take any steps which would result in sustaining a loss or expense of any kind and the period of one 
calendar week set out above shall be deemed satisfied on any date it is or becomes at any time apparent 
that there is no practicable means of mitigating the Relevant Event; 
4.21 
in connection with the hedging activities in relation to the Securities, if the cost to the Hedge Provider in 
relation to the Securities and the related hedging arrangements (including, but not limited to, new or 
increased taxes, duties, expenses or fees (or the combined effect thereof if occurring more than once)) 
would be materially increased or the Hedge Provider would be subject to a material loss relating to the 
Securities and the related hedging arrangements; 
4.22 
in connection with the hedging activities in relation to the Securities, the Hedge Provider is unable or it 
becomes impractical for the Hedge Provider, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction or asset or any futures or option contracts on the relevant Exchange 
it deems necessary to hedge the equity, commodity or other underlying ETI Interest asset price risk or 
any other relevant price risk, including but not limited to the Issuer's obligations under the Securities or 
(ii) to realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction, asset, or futures or option contract 
or any relevant hedge positions relating to an ETI Interest of the ETI; 
4.23 
at any time on or after the Trade Date, the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur an increased (as 
compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, capital and/or funding 
costs, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to maintain the Securities; 
Miscellaneous Events: 
4.24 
in the case of Securities linked to an ETI Basket, a Basket Trigger Event occurs; 
4.25 
the long-term unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt rating assigned to any ETI Related Party 
or any parent company (howsoever described) of the ETI, by Moody's Investors Service Inc., or any 
successor to the ratings business thereof ("Moody's"), and/or Standard and Poor's Rating Group (a 
division of McGraw-Hill, Inc.), or any successor to the ratings business thereof ("S&P"), is downgraded 
below A (S&P) or A2 (Moody's) and/or the short-term unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt

--- Page 306 ---
- 306 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
rating assigned to any ETI Related Party by Moody's or S&P is downgraded below A-1 (S&P) or P-1 
(Moody's); 
4.26 
the occurrence of a Loss of Stock Borrow; 
4.27 
the occurrence of an Additional Extraordinary ETI Event; 
4.28 
if the relevant ETI Documents provide for the payment of dividends, the occurrence of a Dividend Event; 
4.29 
the relevant Exchange announces that pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, the relevant ETI Interests 
cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange for any reason and are not 
immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on (i) where the Exchange is located in the United States, 
any of the New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ National Market 
System (or their respective successors) or otherwise (ii) a comparable exchange or quotation system 
located in the same country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within the European Union, in a 
member state of the European Union). 
5. 
Determination of Extraordinary ETI Events 
The Calculation Agent will determine if an Extraordinary ETI Event has occurred acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner. Where the occurrence of an event or set of circumstances is 
capable of triggering more than one Extraordinary ETI Event or both an Extraordinary ETI Event and a 
Market Disruption Event, the Issuer may determine which Extraordinary ETI Event is to be triggered or 
whether such event or set of circumstances shall be an Extraordinary ETI Event or Market Disruption 
Event. 
In considering whether the occurrence of an event or set of circumstances triggers an Extraordinary ETI 
Event, the Calculation Agent may have regard to the combined effect, from the Trade Date, of any event 
or set of circumstances, as the case may be, if such event or set of circumstances occurs more than once. 
6. 
Consequences of an Extraordinary ETI Event 
6.1 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Extraordinary ETI Event has occurred, the Calculation Agent 
shall give notice (an "Extraordinary ETI Event Notice") to the Securityholders in accordance with 
Security Condition 8 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable), of the occurrence of such 
Extraordinary ETI Event (the date on which an Extraordinary ETI Event Notice is given, an 
"Extraordinary ETI Event Notification Date") as soon as reasonably practicable following the 
determination of an Extraordinary ETI Event. The Extraordinary ETI Event Notice shall set out, if 
determined at that time, the action that it has determined to take in respect of the Extraordinary ETI Event 
pursuant to ETI Security Condition 6.2 below. Where the action that the Issuer has determined to take is 
not, for whatever reason, set out in the Extraordinary ETI Event Notice, the action that the Issuer has 
determined to take shall be set out in a subsequent notice given to Securityholders in accordance with 
Security Condition 8 (Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable after the Extraordinary ETI Event 
Notification Date. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent shall be responsible for any loss, underperformance or 
opportunity cost suffered or incurred by any Securityholder or any other person in connection with the 
Securities as a result of any delay in notifying Securityholders of the occurrence on Extraordinary Fund 
Event, howsoever arising. If the Calculation Agent gives an Extraordinary ETI Event Notice, the Issuer 
shall have no obligation to make any payment or delivery in respect of the Securities until the Issuer has 
determined the action to take pursuant to ETI Security Condition 6.2 below. 
6.2 
Following the occurrence of an Extraordinary ETI Event, the Issuer may take the action described below 
in (a), (b) or (c). 
 
Adjustment 
If the Issuer determines that the action taken in respect of the Extraordinary ETI Event is to be 
"Adjustment", then it may:

--- Page 307 ---
- 307 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any one or more 
of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each case where the Securities are 
Physical Delivery Securities) and/or the Exercise Price and/or the Weighting and/or 
any of the other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms 
to account for the relevant Extraordinary ETI Event and determine the effective date 
of that adjustment. The relevant adjustments may include, without limitation, 
adjustments to account for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or 
liquidity relevant to the ETI Interests or to the Securities and a change in the Weighting 
of any remaining ETI Interest(s) not affected by an Extraordinary ETI Event. The 
Calculation Agent may (but need not) determine the appropriate adjustment by 
reference to the adjustment in respect of the relevant Extraordinary ETI Event made 
by any options exchange to options on the ETI Interests traded on that options 
exchange; or 
(ii) 
following such adjustment to the settlement terms of options on the ETI Interests traded 
on such exchange(s) or quotation system(s) as the Issuer shall select (the "Options 
Exchange"), require the Calculation Agent to make a corresponding adjustment to any 
one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each case where the 
Securities are Physical Delivery Securities) and/or the Exercise Price and/or the 
Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the 
applicable Final Terms, which adjustment will be effective as of the date determined 
by the Calculation Agent to be the effective date of the corresponding adjustment made 
by the Options Exchange. If options on the ETI Interests are not traded on the Options 
Exchange, the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to any one or more 
of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each case where the Securities are 
Physical Delivery Securities) and/or the Exercise Price and/or the Weighting and/or 
any of the other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms 
as the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
determines appropriate, with reference to the rules and precedents (if any) set by the 
Options Exchange to account for the relevant Extraordinary ETI Event, that in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent would have given rise to an adjustment by the 
Options Exchange if such options were so traded. 
 
Substitution 
If the Issuer determines that the action to be taken in respect of the Extraordinary ETI Event is 
to be "Substitution", the Calculation Agent shall on or after the relevant Extraordinary ETI 
Event Effective Date, substitute each ETI Interest (each, an "Affected ETI Interest") of each 
ETI (each, an "Affected ETI") which is affected by such Extraordinary ETI Event with an ETI 
Interest selected by it in accordance with the criteria for ETI Interest selection set out below 
(each, a "Substitute ETI Interest") and the Substitute ETI Interest will be deemed to be an 
"ETI Interest" and the relevant issuer of such Substitute ETI Interest, an "ETI" for the purposes 
of the Securities, and the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to any one or 
more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each case where the Securities are 
Physical Delivery Securities) and/or the Exercise Price and/or the Weighting and/or any of the 
other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms as the Calculation 
Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines appropriate, 
provided that in the event that any amount payable under the Securities was to be determined 
by reference to the initial price of the Affected ETI Interest, the initial price of each Substitute 
ETI Interest will be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
initial price = Α × (B/C) 
where: 
"A" is the Settlement Price of the relevant Substitute ETI Interest on the relevant Exchange on 
the Substitution Date; 
"B" is the initial price of the relevant Affected ETI Interest; and

--- Page 308 ---
- 308 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
"C" is the Settlement Price of the relevant Affected ETI Interest on the relevant Exchange on 
the Substitution Date. 
Such substitution and the relevant adjustment to the ETI Basket will be deemed to be effective 
as of the date selected by the Calculation Agent (the "Substitution Date") acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner and specified in the notice referred to below which 
may, but need not, be the relevant Extraordinary ETI Event Effective Date. 
The Weighting of each Substitute ETI Interest will be equal to the Weighting of the relevant 
Affected ETI Interest. 
In order to be selected as a Substitute ETI Interest, the relevant share/unit/interest must satisfy 
the following criteria, as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner: 
(i) 
where the relevant Extraordinary ETI Event is a Merger Event or a Tender Offer (a) in 
the case of ETI Securities related to a single ETI, and (b) in the case of ETI Securities 
related to an ETI Basket, the relevant share/unit/interest shall be an ordinary 
share/unit/interest of the entity or person that in the case of a Merger Event is the 
continuing entity in respect of the Merger Event or in the case of a Tender Offer is the 
entity making the Tender Offer provided that (i) the relevant share/unit/interest is not 
already included in the ETI Basket and (ii) it is or as of the relevant Extraordinary ETI 
Event Effective Date is promptly scheduled to be, (x) publicly quoted, traded or listed 
on an exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the relevant 
Exchange (or, where the relevant Exchange is within the European Union, in any 
member state of the European Union) and (y) not subject to any currency exchange 
controls, trading restrictions or other trading limitations; or 
(ii) 
(a) where the relevant Extraordinary ETI Event is a Merger Event or a Tender Offer 
and a share/unit/interest would otherwise satisfy the criteria set out in paragraph (i) 
above, but such share/unit/interest is (in the case of an ETI Security related to an ETI 
Basket), already included in the ETI Basket, or (b) where the Extraordinary ETI Event 
is not a Merger Event or a Tender Offer, an alternative exchange traded instrument 
which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, has similar characteristics to the 
relevant ETI, including but not limited to, a comparable listing (which, for the 
avoidance of doubt, shall not be restricted to a listing on the exchange or quotation 
system in the same geographic region), investment objectives, investment restrictions 
and investment processes, underlying asset pools and whose related parties (such as, 
but not limited to, trustee, general partner, sponsor, advisor, manager, operating 
company, custodian, prime broker and depository) are acceptable to the Calculation 
Agent; 
 
Termination 
If the Issuer determines that the action to be taken in respect of the Extraordinary ETI Event is 
to be "Termination", on giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with Security Condition 
8 (Notices), (which such notice may be included in the Extraordinary ETI Event Notice in 
respect of the relevant Extraordinary ETI Event and will specify the Termination Date), all but 
not some only of the outstanding ETI Securities shall be cancelled by payment of the 
Termination Amount on the Termination Date. Payments will be made in such manner as shall 
be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with Security Condition 8 (Notices). 
 
General 
In determining to take a particular action as a result of an Extraordinary ETI Event, the Issuer 
is under no duty to consider the interests of Securityholders or any other person. In making any 
determination as to which action to take following the occurrence of an Extraordinary ETI 
Event, neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent shall be responsible for any loss (including 
any liability in respect of interest), underperformance or opportunity cost suffered or incurred 
by Securityholders or any other person in connection with the Securities as a result thereof,

--- Page 309 ---
- 309 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
howsoever arising including as a result of any delay in making any payment or delivery in 
respect of the Securities. 
7. 
Correction of ETI Interest Price 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three Exchange Business Days 
prior to the due date for any payment or delivery under the Securities, if the price of the relevant ETI 
Interest published on a given day and used or to be used by the Calculation Agent to make any 
determination under the Securities is subsequently corrected and the correction is published by the 
relevant price source within the number of days equal to the ETI Interest Correction Period of the original 
publication, the price to be used shall be the price of the relevant ETI Interest as so corrected. Corrections 
published after the day which is three Exchange Business Days prior to a due date for payment or delivery 
under the Securities will be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining the 
relevant amount. 
8. 
Calculations and Determinations 
The Calculation Agent and/or the Issuer, as applicable, will make the calculations and determinations as 
described in the ETI Security Conditions in such a manner as the Calculation Agent and/or the Issuer, as 
the case may be, determines to be appropriate acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner having regard in each case to the criteria stipulated in the ETI Security Conditions, the hedging 
arrangements in respect of the Securities and the nature of the relevant ETI and related ETI Interests.

--- Page 310 ---
- 310 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
ANNEX 5 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR DEBT SECURITIES 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Securities specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as Debt Securities shall comprise the Security Conditions and the additional Terms 
and Conditions for Debt Securities set out below (the "Debt Security Conditions"), in each case together with 
any other additional terms and conditions specified in the applicable Final Terms and subject to completion in the 
applicable Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Security Conditions and (ii) the Debt 
Security Conditions, the Debt Security Conditions shall prevail. 
1. 
Settlement Price 
"Settlement Price" means, in relation to each Security, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final 
Terms, in relation to each Cash Settled Security, or if Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
each Unit, as the case may be, and subject as referred to in "Averaging Date" or "Valuation Date": 
(a) 
in the case of Debt Securities relating to a basket of Debt Instruments, an amount equal to the 
sum of the values calculated for each Debt Instrument as (x) the Reference Price for such Debt 
Instrument appearing on the Relevant Screen Page at the Valuation Time as determined by or 
on behalf of the Calculation Agent on (a) if Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Valuation Date or (b) if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an 
Averaging Date, or if such price is not available, the arithmetic mean of the Reference Prices 
for such Debt Instrument at the Valuation Time on such Averaging Date or the Valuation Date, 
as the case may be, as received by it from two or more market-makers (as selected by the 
Calculation Agent) in such Debt Instrument, such prices to be expressed as a percentage of the 
nominal amount of such Debt Instrument (y) multiplied by the product of the nominal amount 
of such Debt Instrument and the relevant Weighting; and 
(b) 
in the case of Debt Securities relating to a single Debt Instrument, an amount equal to (x) the 
Reference Price for such Debt Instrument appearing on the Relevant Screen Page at the 
Valuation Time as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent on (a) if Averaging is 
not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Valuation Date or (b) if Averaging is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date, or if such price is not available, the arithmetic 
mean of the Reference Prices for such Debt Instrument at the Valuation Time on such Averaging 
Date or the Valuation Date, as the case may be, as received by it from two or more market-
makers (as selected by the Calculation Agent) in such Debt Instrument, such prices to be 
expressed as a percentage of the nominal amount of the Debt Instrument (y) multiplied by the 
nominal amount of such Debt Instrument. 
2. 
Exchange Business Day 
"Exchange Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the Exchange Business Day Centre(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
3. 
Market Disruption 
"Market Disruption Event" shall mean, in respect of a Debt Instrument, the suspension of or limitation 
imposed on trading either on any exchange on which such Debt Instrument is traded or on any exchange 
on which options contracts or futures contracts with respect to such Debt Instrument are traded if, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, such suspension or limitation is material. 
The Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with Security 
Condition 8 (Notices) that a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
4. 
Correction of Debt Instrument Price 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three Business Days prior to the 
due date for any payment under the Securities, if the price of the relevant Debt Instrument published on 
a given day and used or to be used by the Calculation Agent to make any determination under the

--- Page 311 ---
- 311 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
Securities, is subsequently corrected and the correction published by the relevant exchange within the 
number of days equal to the Debt Instrument Correction Period of the original publication, the price to 
be used shall be the price of the relevant Debt Instrument as so corrected. Corrections published after the 
day which is three Exchange Business Days prior to a due date for payment under the Securities will be 
disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining the relevant amount to be paid. 
5. 
Redemption or Cancellation of a Debt Instrument 
Notwithstanding Security Condition 13 (Additional Disruption Events And Optional Additional 
Disruption Events), if on or prior to the last Averaging Date or the last Valuation Date, any Debt 
Instrument is redeemed (including any early redemption) or cancelled by the relevant Debt Instrument 
Issuer (a "Debt Instrument Redemption Event"), then, the Issuer may cancel the Securities by giving 
notice to Securityholders in accordance with Security Condition 8 (Notices). If the Securities are so 
cancelled the Issuer will pay an amount to each Securityholder in respect of each Warrant, or if Units are 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit being cancelled at an amount equal to the fair market 
value of such Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, taking into account the Debt Instrument Redemption 
Event, less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost 
to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with 
Security Condition 8 (Notices). 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable, notify the Fiscal Agent, of any determination made 
by it pursuant to this Debt Security Condition 5 and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto 
and the Fiscal Agent, shall make available for inspection by Securityholders copies of any such 
determinations. 
6. 
Futures Price Valuation 
If "Futures Price Valuation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms the following 
provisions shall apply to these Debt Security Conditions: 
"Settlement Price" means, in relation to each Security, an amount equal to the Daily Settlement Price 
of the relevant Current Exchange-traded Contract as determined by the Calculation Agent on (i) if 
Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Valuation Date or (ii) if Averaging is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date. 
For the purposes of determining whether a day is a Scheduled Trading Day where Futures Price Valuation 
applies, "Scheduled Trading Day" will be deemed to mean a day on which the Daily Settlement Price of 
the relevant Current Exchange-traded Contract is scheduled to be published by the relevant Futures or 
Options Exchange. 
If Futures Price Valuation applies the Disrupted Day provisions in the Security Conditions and/or these 
Debt Security Conditions will not apply in relation to any Current Exchange-traded Contract. 
For these purposes: 
"Current Exchange-traded Contract" means (a) if the Securities are not Rolling Futures Contract 
Securities, the Exchange-traded Contract and (b) if the Securities are Rolling Futures Contract Securities, 
the futures contract determined pursuant to Debt Security Condition 7 (Rolling Futures Contract 
Securities) below. 
"Daily Settlement Price" means the daily settlement price (howsoever described under the rules of the 
relevant Futures or Options Exchange or its clearing house) of the relevant Exchange-traded Contract 
published by the relevant Futures or Options Exchange or its clearing house and as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
"Exchange-traded Contract" means the futures or options contract(s) specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms, in each case, identified by reference to (a) the Synthetic Debt Instrument to which it relates, 
(b) the Futures or Options Exchange on which each such contract is traded and (c)(i) if the Securities are 
not Rolling Futures Contract Securities, the delivery or expiry month of such contract or (ii) if the

--- Page 312 ---
- 312 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
Securities are Rolling Futures Contract Securities, the specified period of each such contract and the 
Futures Rollover Date. 
"Futures or Options Exchange" means the relevant exchange specified in the description of the 
Exchange-traded Contract in the applicable Final Terms or any successor to such exchange. 
"Futures Rollover Date" means either: 
(a) 
the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
the date selected by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner within the period ("Futures Rollover Period") specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract" means there is no Daily 
Settlement Price as a result of the fact that trading in the Exchange-traded Contract never commences or 
is permanently discontinued at any time on or prior to the Valuation Date, Averaging Date or other date 
for valuation or observation or other relevant date, as the case may be, of the relevant Current Exchange-
traded Contract. 
Debt Security Condition 3 (Market Disruption), Debt Security Condition 4 (Correction of Debt 
Instrument Price) and Debt Security Condition 5 (Redemption or Cancellation of a Debt Instrument) will 
not apply if Futures Price Valuation applies. 
If Futures Price Valuation applies, references in the Security Conditions, Formulas Conditions and OET 
Warrant Conditions to a "Debt Instrument" or "Debt Instruments" are deemed to be references to a 
Current Exchange-traded Contract or "Current Exchange-traded Contracts", as applicable. 
7. 
Rolling Futures Contract Securities 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the Securities are "Rolling Futures Contract Securities", the 
Securities will be valued by reference to futures contracts relating to the Synthetic Debt Instrument that 
have delivery or expiry months that do not correspond with the term of the Securities. In such case, on 
or prior to the Issue Date, the Calculation Agent will select an Exchange-traded Contract and for each 
following day until the Futures Rollover Date such futures contract will be the Current Exchange-traded 
Contract. On each Futures Rollover Date the Calculation Agent will select another Exchange-traded 
Contract and such contract shall be the Current Exchange-traded Contract until the next occurring Futures 
Rollover Date. Notwithstanding the provisions of Debt Security Condition 8 (Adjustments to an 
Exchange-traded Contract) or Debt Security Condition 9 (Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an 
Exchange-traded Contract) if on a Futures Rollover Date a Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of 
an Exchange-traded Contract occurs and it is impossible or materially impracticable for the Calculation 
Agent to select an Exchange-traded Contract and/or at such time hedge the Issuer's obligations in respect 
of the Securities then, the Issuer may cancel the Securities by giving notice to Securityholders in 
accordance with Security Condition 8 (Notices). If the Securities are so cancelled, the Issuer will pay an 
amount to each Securityholder in respect of each Warrant, or if Units are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, each Unit, being equal to the fair market value of such Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, taking 
into account the Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract, less, unless 
Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer and/or 
its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. Payments will be made 
in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with Security Condition 8 
(Notices). 
8. 
Adjustments to an Exchange-traded Contract 
In the event that the terms of an Exchange-traded Contract are changed or modified by the Futures or 
Options Exchange, the Calculation Agent shall make the appropriate adjustment, if any, to any of the 
Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to account for such change or modification.

--- Page 313 ---
- 313 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
9. 
Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract 
Where there is a Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract, the Issuer 
may take the action described in (a) below or require the Calculation Agent to take the action described 
in (b) below: 
 
cancel the Securities by giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with Security Condition 
8 (Notices). If the Securities are so cancelled, the Issuer will pay an amount to each 
Securityholder in respect of each Warrant, or if Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
each Unit, equal to the fair market value of such Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, taking 
into account the Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract, less, 
unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to 
the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in 
accordance with Security Condition 8 (Notices); or 
 
(i) replace the relevant Exchange-traded Contract affected by the Non-Commencement or 
Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract (the "Affected Exchange-traded Contract") 
with a substitute Exchange-traded Contract (the "Substitute Exchange-traded Contract") 
which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, has similar contract specifications to those of the Affected Exchange-traded 
Contract and (ii) make such adjustments to adjust such terms of the Securities as it determines 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner to be appropriate to preserve the 
economic position of the Securityholders prior to such replacement. Such replacement will be 
deemed to be effective as of the date selected by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner, and specified in the notice referred to below. The 
Substitute Exchange-traded Contract will be deemed to be an "Exchange-traded Contract" for 
the purposes of the Securities. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of Italian Listed Securities the Calculation Agent will adjust 
any relevant terms of the Securities as it determines appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of 
the obligations of the Issuer under the Securities. 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable, notify the Fiscal Agent, of any determination made 
by it pursuant to this Debt Security Condition 9 and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto 
and the Fiscal Agent shall make available for inspection by Securityholders copies of any such 
determinations. 
10. 
Correction of the Daily Settlement Price 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three Business Days prior to the 
due date for any payment under the Securities, if the Daily Settlement Price published on a given day 
and used or to be used by the Calculation Agent to make any determination under the Securities is 
subsequently corrected and the correction is published by the relevant Futures or Options Exchange, 
within the number of days equal to the Daily Settlement Price Correction Period of the original 
publication, the Daily Settlement Price to be used shall be the Daily Settlement Price as so corrected. 
Corrections published after the day which is three Business Days prior to a due date for payment under 
the Securities will be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining the relevant 
amount to be paid. 
11. 
Definitions 
"Clearance System" means the principal domestic clearance system customarily used for settling trades 
in the relevant securities or contracts. 
"Clearance System Days" means, in respect of a Clearance System, any day on which such Clearance 
System is (or, but for the occurrence of an event which results in the Clearance System being unable to 
clear the transfer of a relevant security would have been) open for the acceptance and execution of 
settlement instructions.

--- Page 314 ---
- 314 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
"Daily Settlement Price Correction Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or if none, one Settlement Cycle. 
"Debt Instrument Correction Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or if none, one Settlement Cycle. 
"Debt Instrument Issuer" means, in respect of a Debt Instrument, the issuer of such Debt Instrument. 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
"Reference Price" means, in respect of a Debt Instrument, the bid price, mid price, offer price, bid yield, 
mid yield or offer yield specified as such for such Debt Instrument in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means an Exchange Business Day. 
"Settlement Cycle" means, in respect of a Debt Security or Exchange-traded Contract, the period of 
Clearance System Days following a trade in such security or contract, as the case may be, on the relevant 
exchange in which settlement will customarily occur according to the rules of such exchange.

--- Page 315 ---
- 315 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
ANNEX 6 
 
 
This section is intentionally left blank.

--- Page 316 ---
- 316 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
ANNEX 7 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION INDEX SECURITIES 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Securities specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as Inflation Index Securities shall comprise the Security Conditions and the 
additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation Index Securities set out below (the "Inflation Index Security 
Conditions"), in each case together with any other additional terms and conditions specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and subject to completion in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between 
(i) the Security Conditions and (ii) the Inflation Index Security Conditions, the Inflation Index Security Conditions 
shall prevail. 
1. 
Definitions 
"Cut-Off Date" means, in respect of a Valuation Date, five Business Days prior to such Valuation Date; 
"Delayed Index Level Event" means, in respect of any Valuation Date, that the Index Sponsor fails to 
publish or announce the Relevant Level; 
"Fallback Bond" means a bond selected by the Calculation Agent and issued by the government of the 
country to whose level of inflation the Inflation Index relates and which pays a redemption amount which 
is calculated by reference to the Inflation Index, with a maturity date which falls on (a) the same day as 
the Settlement Date, (b) the next longest maturity after the Settlement Date if there is no such bond 
maturing on the Settlement Date or (c) the next shortest maturity before the Settlement Date, if no bond 
defined in (a) or (b) is selected by the Calculation Agent. If the Inflation Index relates to the level of 
inflation across the European Monetary Union, the Calculation Agent will select an inflation-linked bond 
that is a debt obligation of one of the governments (but not any government agency) of France, Italy, 
Germany or Spain and which pays a coupon or redemption amount which is calculated by reference to 
the level of inflation in the European Monetary Union. In each case, the Calculation Agent will select 
the Fallback Bond from those inflation-linked bonds issued on or before the Issue Date and, if there is 
more than one inflation-linked bond maturing on the same date, the Fallback Bond shall be selected by 
the Calculation Agent from those bonds. If the Fallback Bond redeems the Calculation Agent will select 
a new Fallback Bond on the same basis, but selected from all eligible bonds in issue at the time the 
original Fallback Bond redeems (including any bond for which the redeemed bond is exchanged); 
"Index Cancellation" means a level for the Inflation Index has not been published or announced for two 
consecutive months and/or the Index Sponsor cancels the Inflation Index and/or the Index Sponsor 
announces that it will no longer continue to publish or announce the Inflation Index and no Successor 
Index exists; 
"Index Modification" means, in relation to an Inflation Index, the Index Sponsor announces that it will 
make (in the opinion of the Calculation Agent) a material change in the formula for or the method of 
calculating the Inflation Index or in any other way materially modifies the Inflation Index; 
"Index Sponsor" means the entity that publishes or announces (directly or through an agent) the level 
of the Inflation Index which as of the Issue Date of the Securities is the index sponsor set out in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Inflation Index" or "Inflation Indices" means the index or indices specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and related expressions shall be construed accordingly; 
"Rebased Index" has the meaning given to it under Inflation Index Security Condition 4 (Adjustments) 
below; 
"Reference Month" means the calendar month specified in the applicable Final Terms for which the 
level of the Inflation Index was reported, regardless of when this information is published or announced. 
If the period for which the Relevant Level was reported is a period other than a month, the Reference 
Month shall be the period for which the Reference Level was reported; 
"Related Bond" means the bond specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. If the Related Bond 
specified in the applicable Final Terms is "Fallback Bond", then for any Related Bond determination, the

--- Page 317 ---
- 317 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
Calculation Agent shall use the Fallback Bond. If no bond is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the Related Bond and "Fallback Bond: Not applicable" is specified in the applicable Final Terms there 
will be no Related Bond. If a bond is selected as the Related Bond in the applicable Final Terms and that 
bond redeems or matures before the relevant Settlement Date unless "Fallback Bond: Not applicable" is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall use the Fallback Bond for any 
Related Bond determination; 
"Related Bond Redemption Event" means, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, at any 
time prior to the Settlement Date, (a) the Related Bond is settled, repurchased or cancelled, (b) the 
Related Bond becomes repayable prior to its stated date of maturity for whatever reason, or (c) the issuer 
of the Related Bond announces that the Related Bond will be redeemed, repurchased or cancelled prior 
to its stated date of maturity; 
"Relevant Level" means, in respect of any Valuation Date, the level of the Inflation Index, in respect of 
any Reference Month which is to be utilised in any calculation or determination to be made by the Issuer 
in respect of such Valuation Date at any time on or prior to the Cut-Off Date; 
"Settlement Price" means, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, in relation to each 
Security, or if Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, the 
Relevant Level; 
"Successor Inflation Index" has the meaning given to it in Inflation Index Security Condition 3 
(Successor Inflation Index) below; and 
"Substitute Inflation Index Level" means, in respect of a Delayed Index Level Event, the Index Level 
determined by the Issuer in accordance with Inflation Index Security Condition 2 (Delay in Publication) 
below. 
"Valuation Date" means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
2. 
Delay in Publication 
2.1 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Delayed Index Level Event in respect of an Inflation Index 
has occurred with respect to any Valuation Date, then the Relevant Level with respect to any Reference 
Month which is to be utilised in any calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent 
and/or the Issuer with respect to such Valuation Date (the "Substitute Inflation Index Level") shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent, subject to Inflation Index Security Condition 4.2 (Substitute 
Inflation Index Level) below, as follows: 
 
if Related Bond is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the Substitute Inflation Index Level by reference to the corresponding index 
level determined under the terms and conditions of the Related Bond; or 
 
if (i) Related Bond is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, or (ii) the 
Calculation Agent is not able to determine a Substitute Inflation Index Level under (a) above, 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the Substitute Inflation Index Level by reference to the 
following formula: 
Substitute Inflation Index Level = Base Level × (Latest Level⁄Reference Level); 
where: 
"Base Level" means the level of the Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) published or 
announced by the Index Sponsor in respect of the month which is 12 calendar months prior to the month 
for which the Substitute Inflation Index Level is being determined; 
"Latest Level" means the level of the Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) published or 
announced by the Index Sponsor prior to the month in respect of which the Substitute Inflation Index 
Level is being determined; and

--- Page 318 ---
- 318 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
"Reference Level" means the level of the Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) published or 
announced by the Index Sponsor in respect of the month that is 12 calendar months prior to the month in 
respect of the Latest Level. 
The Issuer shall promptly give notice to the Securityholders in accordance with Security Condition 8 
(Notices) of any Substitute Inflation Index Level. 
If the Relevant Level is published or announced at any time on or after the relevant Cut-Off Date specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, such Relevant Level will not be used in any calculations. The Substitute 
Inflation Index Level so determined pursuant to this Inflation Index Security Condition 2 will be the 
definitive level for that Reference Month. 
3. 
Successor Inflation Index 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the level of an Inflation Index is not calculated and announced 
by the Index Sponsor for two consecutive months and/or the Index Sponsor announces that it will no 
longer continue to publish or announce the Inflation Index and/or the Index Sponsor cancels the Inflation 
Index, then the Calculation Agent shall determine a successor index (a "Successor Inflation Index") (in 
lieu of any previously applicable Index) for the purposes of the Securities as follows: 
 
if Related Bond is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Calculation Agent 
shall determine a "Successor Inflation Index" by reference to the corresponding successor index 
determined under the terms and conditions of the Related Bond; 
 
if (i) Related Bond is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms or (ii) a Related 
Bond Redemption Event has occurred and Fallback Bond is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Index Sponsor announces that it will no longer publish or announce 
the Inflation Index but that it will be superseded by a replacement Inflation Index specified by 
the Index Sponsor, and the Calculation Agent determines that such replacement Inflation Index 
is calculated using the same or a substantially similar formula or method of calculation as used 
in the calculation of the Inflation Index, such replacement index shall be designated a 
"Successor Inflation Index"; 
 
if no Successor Inflation Index has been deemed under (a) or (b) the Calculation Agent shall 
ask five leading independent dealers to state what the replacement index for the Inflation Index 
should be; if between four and five responses are received, and of those four or five responses, 
three or more leading independent dealers state the same index, such index will be deemed the 
"Successor Inflation Index"; if three responses are received, and two or more leading 
independent dealers state the same index, such index will be deemed the "Successor Inflation 
Index"; if fewer than three responses are received by the Cut-Off Date or if each of the responses 
received state different indices the Calculation Agent will determine an appropriate alternative 
index, and such index will be deemed a "Successor Inflation Index"; or 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that there is no appropriate alternative index there will be 
deemed to be no Successor Index and an Index Cancellation will be deemed to have occurred. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Calculation Agent shall determine the date on which the Successor 
Inflation Index shall be deemed to replace the Index for the purposes of the Inflation Index Securities. 
Notice of the determination of a Successor Inflation Index, the effective date of the Successor Inflation 
Index or the occurrence of an Index Cancellation will be given to Securityholders of the Inflation Index 
Securities by the Issuer in accordance with Security Condition 8 (Notices). 
4. 
Adjustments 
4.1 
Successor Inflation Index 
If a Successor Inflation Index is determined in accordance with Inflation Index Security Condition 3 
(Successor Inflation Index) above, the Calculation Agent may make any adjustment or adjustments 
(without limitation) to the final Cash Settlement Amount payable under the Securities (if any) and/or any 
other relevant term of the Securities as the Calculation Agent deems necessary acting in good faith and

--- Page 319 ---
- 319 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
in a commercially reasonable manner. The Issuer shall give notice to the Securityholders of any such 
adjustment in accordance with Security Condition 8 (Notices). 
4.2 
Substitute Inflation Index Level 
If the Calculation Agent determines a Substitute Inflation Index Level in accordance with Inflation Index 
Security Condition 2 (Delay in Publication) above, the Calculation Agent may make any adjustment or 
adjustments (without limitation) to (a) the Substitute Inflation Index Level determined in accordance 
with Inflation Index Security Condition 2 (Delay in Publication) above and/or (b) the Cash Settlement 
Amount payable under the Securities (if any) and/or any other relevant term of the Securities, in each 
case, as the Calculation Agent deems necessary acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, provided that if Inflation Index Level Adjustment is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will only be permitted to make any such adjustment in accordance 
with this Inflation Index Security Condition 4.2 if the Calculation Agent determines that the delay in 
publication was not attributable to the Issuer, but substantially, alters the economics of the Securities 
compared to the economics as of the Issue Date. The Issuer shall give notice to the Securityholders of 
any such adjustment in accordance with Security Condition 8 (Notices). 
4.3 
Index Level Adjustment Correction 
 
The first publication or announcement of the Relevant Level (disregarding estimates) by the 
Index Sponsor for any Reference Month shall be final and conclusive and, subject to Inflation 
Index Security Condition 4.6 (Index Modification) below, later revisions to the level for such 
Reference Month will not be used in any calculations, save that in respect of the EUR-All Items-
Revised Consumer Price Index, the ESP National-Revised Consumer Price Index (CPI) and the 
ESP-Harmonised-Revised Consumer Price Index HCPI, revisions to the Relevant Level which 
are published or announced up to and including the day that is two Business Days prior to any 
relevant Valuation Date will be valid and the revised Relevant Level for the relevant Reference 
Month will be deemed to be the final and conclusive Relevant Level for such Reference Month. 
The Issuer shall give notice to the Securityholders of any valid revision in accordance with 
Security Condition 8 (Notices). 
 
If, within 30 days of publication or at any time prior to a Valuation Date in respect of which a 
Relevant Level will be used in any calculation or determination in respect of such Valuation 
Date, the Calculation Agent determines that the Index Sponsor has corrected the Relevant Level 
to correct a manifest error, the Calculation Agent may make any adjustment to the Cash 
Settlement Amount payable under the Securities (if any) and/or any other relevant term of the 
Securities as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner appropriate as a result of such correction and/or determine the amount (if 
any) that is payable as a result of that correction. The Issuer shall give notice to the 
Securityholders of any such adjustment and/or amount in accordance with Security Condition 
8 (Notices). 
 
If a Relevant Level is published or announced at any time after the Cut-Off Date in respect of a 
Valuation Date in respect of which a Substitute Inflation Index Level was determined, the 
Calculation Agent may either (i) determine that such Relevant Level shall not be used in any 
calculation or determination under the Inflation Index Securities and that the Substitute Inflation 
Index Level shall be deemed to be the definitive Relevant Level for the relevant Reference 
Month, or (ii) to make any adjustment to the Cash Settlement Amount payable under the 
Securities (if any) and/or any other relevant term of the Securities as it deems appropriate as a 
result of the announcement or publication of the Relevant Level and/or determine the amount 
(if any) that is payable as a result of such publication or announcement. The Issuer shall give 
notice to the Securityholders of any determination in respect of (i) or (ii), together with any 
adjustment or amount in respect thereof, in accordance with Security Condition 8 (Notices). 
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Inflation Index Level Adjustment is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will only be permitted to make any such 
adjustment in accordance with this Inflation Index Security Condition 4.3 if the Calculation 
Agent determines that the delay in publication was not attributable to the Issuer, but 
substantially, alters the economics of the Securities compared to the economics as of the Issue 
Date

--- Page 320 ---
- 320 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
4.4 
Currency 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any event occurs affecting the Specified Currency or Settlement 
Currency, as applicable, (whether relating to its convertibility into other currencies or otherwise) which 
the Calculation Agent determines necessitates an adjustment or adjustments to the Cash Settlement 
Amount, the Exercise Price and/or any other relevant term of the Securities (including the date on which 
any amount is payable by the Issuer), the Calculation Agent may make such adjustment or adjustments 
to any relevant Cash Settlement Amount and/or the Exercise Price and/or any other relevant term of the 
Securities as the Calculation Agent deems necessary acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, provided that if Currency Adjustment is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will only be permitted to make any such adjustment if the Calculation 
Agent determines that the event affecting the Specified Currency or the Settlement Currency was not 
attributable to the Issuer, but substantially alters the economics of the Securities compared to the 
economics as of the Issue Date. The Issuer shall give notice to the Securityholders of any such adjustment 
in accordance with Security Condition 8 (Notices). 
4.5 
Rebasing 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Inflation Index has been or will be rebased at any time, the 
Inflation Index as so rebased (the "Rebased Index") will be used for purposes of determining the 
Relevant Level from the date of such rebasing; provided, however, that the Calculation Agent may make 
(a) if Related Bond is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, any adjustments as are made 
pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Related Bond, if any, to the levels of the Rebased Index so 
that the Rebased Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as before the rebasing, and/or (b) if Related 
Bond is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms or a Related Bond Redemption Event has 
occurred, the Calculation Agent may make adjustments to the levels of the Rebased Index so that the 
Rebased Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as the Inflation Index before it was rebased, and 
in each case the Calculation Agent may make any adjustment(s) to the Cash Settlement Amount payable 
under the Securities (if any) and/or any other term of the Securities as the Calculation Agent may deem 
necessary acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. If the Calculation Agent 
determines that neither (a) nor (b) above would produce a commercially reasonable result, the Issuer may 
cancel each Security on a date notified by the Issuer to Securityholders in accordance with Security 
Condition 8 (Notices), in which event the Issuer will pay to each Securityholder in respect of each such 
Security, or if Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, an amount 
equal to the fair market value of a Security or a Unit, as the case may be, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent as at the date of cancellation taking into account the rebasing, less, unless Unwind Costs are 
specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer of unwinding or amending 
any related underlying hedging arrangements. Notice of any adjustment, cancellation of the Securities or 
determination pursuant to this paragraph shall be given to Securityholders in accordance with Security 
Condition 8 (Notices). 
4.6 
Index Modification 
 
If on or prior to the Cut-Off Date in respect of any Valuation Date, the Calculation Agent 
determines that an Index Modification has occurred, the Calculation Agent may (i) if Related 
Bond is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, make any adjustments to the relevant 
Inflation Index, any Relevant Level and/or any other relevant term of the Securities (including, 
without limitation, the Cash Settlement Amount payable under the Securities), consistent with 
any adjustments made to the Related Bond as the Calculation Agent deems necessary acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, or (ii) if Related Bond is specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms or a Related Bond Redemption Event has occurred, 
make only those adjustments to the relevant Inflation Index, any Relevant Level and/or any 
other term of the Inflation Index Securities (including, without limitation, the Cash Settlement 
Amount payable under the Securities), as the Calculation Agent deems necessary acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner for the modified Index to continue as the relevant 
Inflation Index and to account for the economic effect of the Index Modification. 
 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Index Modification has occurred at any time after 
the Cut-Off Date in respect of any Valuation Date, the Calculation Agent may determine either 
to ignore such Index Modification for the purposes of any calculation or determination made by 
the Calculation Agent with respect to such Valuation Date, in which case the relevant Index

--- Page 321 ---
- 321 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
Modification will be deemed to have occurred with respect to the immediately succeeding 
Settlement Date, such that the provisions of paragraph (a) above will apply, or, notwithstanding 
that the Index Modification has occurred following the Cut-Off Date, to make any adjustments 
as the Calculation Agent deems fit in accordance with paragraph (a) above. 
4.7 
Index Cancellation 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Index Cancellation has occurred, the Issuer may: 
 
elect for the Calculation Agent to calculate the relevant level using, in lieu of a published level 
for that Inflation Index, the level for that Inflation Index, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating that Inflation Index last in effect 
prior to cancellation; 
 
cancel all but not some only of the Securities and: 
(i) 
if Highest Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will 
on giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with Security Condition 8 (Notices), 
pay to each Securityholder an amount in respect of each Security, or if Units are 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, 
held by such Securityholder calculated and paid on such date determined, in 
accordance with Security Condition 21.1; 
(ii) 
if Market Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will 
on giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with Security Condition 8 (Notices), 
pay to each Securityholder an amount in respect of each Security, or if Units are 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, 
held by such Securityholder calculated and paid on such date determined, in 
accordance with Security Condition 21.2; or 
(iii) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that such Index Cancellation constitutes a force 
majeure, and if Inflation Index Security Condition 4.7(b)(iii) is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will on giving notice to Securityholders in 
accordance with Security Condition 8 (Notices), pay to each Securityholder an amount 
in respect of each Security, or if Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
Unit, held by such Securityholder, which amount shall be equal to the fair market value 
of a Security or Unit, as the case may be, taking into account such event (provided that 
no account will be taken of costs (other than such costs that are unavoidable to cancel 
the Securities at their fair market value) and no such costs shall be deducted), such 
amount to be paid to the Securityholders on the date notified to the Securityholders in 
the notice of cancellation; or 
(iv) 
otherwise, pay to each Securityholder in respect of such Security, or, if Units are 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, held by him an 
amount equal to fair market value of a Security, or a Unit, as the case may be, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent as at the date of cancellation taking into account 
the Index Cancellation, less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms the cost to the Issuer of unwinding or amending any related 
underlying hedging arrangements, payment being made in such manner as shall be 
notified to Securityholders in accordance with Security Condition 8.

--- Page 322 ---
- 322 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
ANNEX 8 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CURRENCY SECURITIES 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Securities specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as Currency Securities shall comprise the Security Conditions and the additional 
Terms and Conditions for Currency Securities set out below (the "Currency Security Conditions"), in each case 
together with any other additional terms and conditions specified in the applicable Final Terms and subject to 
completion in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Security Conditions 
and (ii) the Currency Security Conditions, the Currency Security Conditions shall prevail. 
1. 
Definitions 
"Averaging Date" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if any such day is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Preceding Currency 
Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date), the 
immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if such Scheduled Trading Day falls in the next 
calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Modified Following Currency 
Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date) or the 
immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency Convention nor 
Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in 
respect of such date), in each case, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a 
Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Currency Security Condition 3 (Consequences of a 
Disruption Event) shall apply; 
"Dual Exchange Rate" means that any of the Base Currency, Alternative Currency and/or Alternative 
Currencies, splits into dual or multiple currency exchange rates; 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Calculation Agent determines that a 
Disruption Event has occurred; 
"FX Averaging Date" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if any such 
day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Preceding 
Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date), 
the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if such Scheduled Trading Day falls in the next 
calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Modified Following Currency 
Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date) or the 
immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency Convention nor 
Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in 
respect of such date), in each case, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a 
Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Currency Security Condition 3 (Consequences of a 
Disruption Event) shall apply; 
"FX Digital Level" means: 
(a) 
if FX Digital Average Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
arithmetic average of the Settlement Prices for all the FX Averaging Dates; 
(b) 
if Single Resettable Level is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Settlement 
Price on the FX Digital Observation Date plus or minus, as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Resettable Adjustment; or 
(c) 
if Multiple Resettable Level is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in respect 
of a Resettable Period, the Settlement Price on the FX Digital Observation Date specified for 
such Resettable Period plus or minus, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, the Resettable 
Adjustment; 
"FX Digital Observation Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if 
Preceding Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of 
such date), the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if such Scheduled Trading Day falls

--- Page 323 ---
- 323 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
in the next calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Modified Following 
Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date) or 
the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency Convention nor 
Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in 
respect of such date), in each case unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a 
Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Currency Security Condition 3 (Consequences of a 
Disruption Event) shall apply; 
"FX Knock-in Level" means: 
(a) 
if Knock-in Average Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms the 
arithmetic average of the Settlement Prices for all the Knock-in Averaging Dates; 
(b) 
if Single Resettable Knock-in is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Settlement Price on the Knock-in Observation Date plus or minus, as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Resettable Adjustment; or 
(c) 
if Multiple Resettable Knock-in is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in 
respect of a Resettable Knock-in Period, the Settlement Price on the Knock-in Observation Date 
specified for such Resettable Knock-in Period plus or minus, as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Resettable Adjustment; 
"FX Knock-out Level" means: 
(a) 
if Knock-out Average Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms the 
arithmetic average of the Settlement Prices for all the Knock-out Averaging Dates; 
(b) 
if Single Resettable Knock-out is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Settlement Price on the Knock-out Observation Date plus or minus, as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Resettable Adjustment; 
(c) 
if Multiple Resettable Knock-out is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in 
respect of a Resettable Knock-out Period, the Settlement Price on the Knock-out Observation 
Date specified for such Resettable Knock-out Period plus or minus, as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Resettable Adjustment; 
"Illiquidity Disruption" means the occurrence of any event in respect of any of the Base Currency, 
Alternative Currency and/or Alternative Currencies whereby it becomes impossible for the Calculation 
Agent or Issuer to obtain a firm quote for such currency in an amount deemed necessary by the 
Calculation Agent or Issuer to hedge its obligations under the Securities (in one or more transaction(s)) 
on the relevant Averaging Date or any Settlement Price Date (or, if different, the day on which rates for 
such Averaging Date or Settlement Price Date would, in the ordinary course, be published or announced 
by the relevant price source); 
"Knock-in Averaging Date" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if any 
such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if 
Preceding Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of 
such date), the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if such Scheduled Trading Day falls 
in the next calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Modified Following 
Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date) or 
the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency Convention nor 
Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in 
respect of such date), in each case, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a 
Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Currency Security Condition 3 (Consequences of a 
Disruption Event) shall apply; 
"Knock-out Averaging Date" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if any 
such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if 
Preceding Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of 
such date), the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if such Scheduled Trading Day falls 
in the next calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Modified Following

--- Page 324 ---
- 324 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date) or 
the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency Convention nor 
Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in 
respect of such date), in each case, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a 
Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Currency Security Condition 3 (Consequences of a 
Disruption Event) shall apply; 
"Knock-in Observation Date" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if any 
such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if 
Preceding Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of 
such date), the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if such Scheduled Trading Day falls 
in the next calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Modified Following 
Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date) or 
the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency Convention nor 
Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in 
respect of such date), in each case, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a 
Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Currency Security Condition 3 (Consequences of a 
Disruption Event) shall apply; 
"Knock-out Observation Date" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
any such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if 
Preceding Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of 
such date), the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if such Scheduled Trading Day falls 
in the next calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Modified Following 
Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date) or 
the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency Convention nor 
Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in 
respect of such date), in each case, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a 
Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Currency Security Condition 3 (Consequences of a 
Disruption Event) shall apply; 
"Observation Date" means each date specified as an Observation Date in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if any such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if 
Preceding Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of 
such date), the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if such Scheduled Trading Day falls 
in the next calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Modified Following 
Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date) or 
the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency Convention nor 
Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in 
respect of such date), in each case, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a 
Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Currency Security Condition 3 (Consequences of a 
Disruption Event) shall apply; 
"Price Source" means the published source, information vendor or provider containing or reporting the 
rate or rates from which the Settlement Price is calculated as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Price Source Disruption" means that it becomes impossible to obtain the rate or rates from which the 
Settlement Price is calculated; 
"Resettable Knock-in Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Resettable Knock-out Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Resettable Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means a day on which commercial banks are open (or, but for the occurrence 
of a Disruption Event would have been open) for business (including dealings in foreign exchange in 
accordance with the market practice of the foreign exchange market) in the principal financial centres of 
the Base Currency and Alternative Currency or Alternative Currencies;

--- Page 325 ---
- 325 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
"Settlement Price Date" means each Averaging Date, Strike Day, Strike Date, FX Averaging Dates, FX 
Digital Observation Date, Knock-in Averaging Date, Knock-out Averaging Date, Knock-in Observation 
Date, Knock-out Observation Date, Observation Date or Valuation Date, as the case may be; 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means the number of days specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, or if not so specified, five Scheduled Trading Days; 
"Strike Date" means the Strike Date specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if such day is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Preceding Currency 
Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date), the 
immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if such Scheduled Trading Day falls in the next 
calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Modified Following Currency 
Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date) or the 
immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency Convention nor 
Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in 
respect of such date), in each case, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a 
Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Currency Security Condition 3 (Consequences of a 
Disruption Event) shall apply; 
"Strike Day" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if any such date is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Preceding Currency 
Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date), the 
immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if such Scheduled Trading Day falls in the next 
calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Modified Following Currency 
Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date) or the 
immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency Convention nor 
Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in 
respect of such date), in each case, unless in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a 
Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Currency Security Condition 3 (Consequences of a 
Disruption Event) shall apply; 
"Strike Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Valuation Date" means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if such day is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Preceding Currency 
Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date), the 
immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if such Scheduled Trading Day falls in the next 
calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Modified Following Currency 
Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date) or the 
immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency Convention nor 
Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in 
respect of such date), in each case, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a 
Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Currency Security Condition 3 (Consequences of a 
Disruption Event) shall apply; 
"Valuation Time" means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the time at which 
the Price Source publishes the relevant rate or rates from which the Settlement Price is calculated; and 
"Valid Date" means a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another 
Averaging Date does not or is not deemed to occur. 
2. 
Disruption Events 
The occurrence of any of the following events, in respect of any Base Currency, Alternative Currency 
and/or Alternative Currencies, shall be a Disruption Event: 
 
Price Source Disruption; 
 
unless specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, Illiquidity Disruption; 
 
Dual Exchange Rate; or

--- Page 326 ---
- 326 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
 
any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, is analogous to (a), (b) (if 
applicable) or (c). 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to Securityholders in accordance with 
Security Condition 8 (Notices) of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that but for the 
occurrence of the Disrupted Day would have been an Averaging Date, Settlement Price Date, Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, as the case may be. 
3. 
Consequences of a Disruption Event 
Upon a Disruption Event occurring or continuing on any Settlement Price Date (or, if different, the day 
on which prices for that date would, in the ordinary course, be published by the Price Source) as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent shall apply the applicable Disruption 
Fallback in determining the consequences of the Disruption Event. 
"Disruption Fallback" means a source or method that may give rise to an alternative basis for 
determining the Settlement Price when a Disruption Event occurs or exists on a day that is a Settlement 
Price Date (or, if different, the day on which prices for that date would, in the ordinary course, be 
published or announced by the Price Source). The Calculation Agent shall take the relevant actions 
specified in either (a), (b) or (c) below. 
(a) 
if a Settlement Price Date is a Disrupted Day, the Calculation Agent will determine that the 
relevant Settlement Price Date, as the case may be, shall be the first succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day (in the case of any Settlement Price Date) or Valid Date 
(in the case of an Averaging Date or Strike Day) unless each of the number of consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately 
following the originally scheduled Settlement Price Date is a Disrupted Day in which case the 
Calculation Agent may determine that the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall 
be deemed to be the Settlement Price Date (irrespective of whether that last consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day is already a Settlement Price Date) and may determine the Settlement 
Price by using commercially reasonable efforts to determine a level for the Alternative Currency 
as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day taking into 
consideration all available information that in good faith it deems relevant; or 
(b) 
if any Settlement Price Date is a Disrupted Day but is not the final Valuation Date, and: 
(i) 
if Highest Value is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will on giving 
notice to Holders in accordance with Security Condition 8 (Notices), cancel all but not 
some only of the Securities, or if Units are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Units, as the case may be, and pay to each Securityholder an amount 
in respect of each Security or Unit, as the case may be, held by such Securityholder 
calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with Security Condition 
21.1; 
(ii) 
if Market Value is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will on giving 
notice to Holders in accordance with Security Condition 8 (Notices), cancel all but not 
some only of the Securities, or if Units are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Units, as the case may be, and pay to each Securityholder an amount 
in respect of each Security or unit, as the case may be, held by such Securityholder 
calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with Security Condition 
21.2; or 
(iii) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that such Disruption Event constitutes a force 
majeure, and if Currency Security Condition 3(b)(iii) is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will on giving notice to Securityholders in 
accordance with Security Condition 8 (Notices), cancel all but not some only of the 
Securities, or if Units are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Units, as the case may be, and pay to each Securityholder an amount in respect of each 
Security or Unit, as the case may be, held by such Securityholder, which amount shall 
be equal to the fair market value of a Security, taking into account such event (provided 
that no account will be taken of costs (other than such costs that are unavoidable to

--- Page 327 ---
- 327 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
cancel the Securities at their fair market value) and no such costs shall be deducted), 
such amount to be paid to the Securityholders on the date notified to the 
Securityholders in the notice of cancellation; or 
(iv) 
otherwise, if any Settlement Price Date is a Disrupted Day but is not the final Valuation 
Date on giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with Security Condition 8, the 
Issuer shall cancel all but not some only of the Warrants, each Warrant being cancelled 
by payment of an amount equal to the fair market value of such Warrant, less, unless 
Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to 
the Issuer of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, payment being made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Holders in accordance with Security Condition 8; 
(c) 
Unless Disruption Event Postponement is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, notwithstanding any provisions in the Conditions to the contrary, postpone any payment 
date related to such Settlement Price Date (or, if different, the day on which prices for that date 
would, in the ordinary course, be provided or announced by the Price Source), as the case may 
be (including the Settlement Date) until the Business Day following the date on which a 
Disruption Event is no longer subsisting and no interest or other amount shall be paid by the 
Issuer in respect of such postponement. 
4. 
Settlement Price 
"Settlement Price" means, in relation to each Security in respect of an Alternative Currency and a 
Settlement Price Date, and subject to Currency Security Condition 3 (Consequences of a Disruption 
Event) above, an amount equal to the spot rate of exchange appearing on the Relevant Screen Page at the 
Valuation Time on such Settlement Price Date, for the exchange of such Alternative Currency into the 
Base Currency (expressed as the number of units (or part units) of the Alternative Currency for which 
one unit of the Base Currency can be exchanged) or, if such rate is not available, the arithmetic mean 
(rounded, if necessary, to four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded upwards)) as determined by 
or on behalf of the Calculation Agent of the bid and offer Alternative Currency/Base Currency exchange 
rates (expressed as aforesaid) at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date, of two or 
more leading dealers (as selected by the Calculation Agent) on a foreign exchange market (as selected 
by the Calculation Agent), Provided That if the relevant rate of exchange is derived from two or more 
rates of exchange, the Settlement Price shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent as provided above 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner on the basis of each such rate of exchange. 
5. 
Futures Price Valuation 
If "Futures Price Valuation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the following 
provisions shall apply to these Currency Security Conditions: 
"Settlement Price" means in relation to each Security an amount equal to the Daily Settlement Price for 
the relevant Current Exchange-traded Contract, as determined by the Calculation Agent on (i) if 
Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Valuation Date (as defined in Currency 
Security Condition 1) or (ii) if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date 
(as defined in Currency Security Condition 1). If, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, no such 
price can be determined, other than as a consequence of the occurrence of a Non-Commencement or 
Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as the Daily Settlement Price on such date, having 
regard to the then prevailing market conditions, the last reported Daily Settlement Price and such other 
factors as the Calculation Agent determines relevant. 
For the purpose of determining whether a day is a Scheduled Trading Day where Futures Price Valuation 
applies, "Scheduled Trading Day" will be deemed to mean a day on which the Daily Settlement Price of 
the relevant Current Exchange-traded Contract is scheduled to be published by the relevant Futures or 
Options Exchange. 
If Futures Price Valuation applies, the Disrupted Day provisions in the Security Conditions and/or these 
Currency Security Conditions will not apply in relation to any Current Exchange-traded Contract.

--- Page 328 ---
- 328 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
For these purposes: 
"Current Exchange-traded Contract" means (a) if the Securities are not Rolling Futures Contract 
Securities, the Exchange-traded Contract and (b) if the Securities are Rolling Futures Contract Securities, 
the futures contract determined pursuant to Currency Security Condition 6 (Rolling Futures Contract 
Securities) below. 
"Daily Settlement Price" means the daily settlement price (howsoever described under the rules of the 
relevant Futures or Options Exchange or its clearing house) of the relevant Exchange-traded Contract 
published by the relevant Futures or Options Exchange or its clearing house, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
"Daily Settlement Price Correction Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if none, one Settlement Cycle. 
"Exchange-traded Contract" means the futures or options contract(s) specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms, in each case, identified by reference to (a) the Alternative Currency and Base Currency (the 
"Currency Pair") to which it relates, (b) the ISIN or any other unique identifier of such contract, (c) the 
Futures or Options Exchange on which each such contract is traded and (d) (i) if the Securities are not 
Rolling Futures Contract Securities, the expiry month of such contract or (ii) if the Securities are Rolling 
Futures Contract Securities, the specified period of each such contract and the Futures Rollover Date. 
"Exchange Business Day" means any day on which the relevant Futures or Options Exchange is open 
for trading during its respective regular trading session(s). 
"Futures or Options Exchange" means the relevant exchange specified in the description of the 
Exchange-traded Contract in the applicable Final Terms or any successor to such exchange. 
"Futures Rollover Date" means either: 
(a) 
the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
the date selected by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner within the period (the "Futures Rollover Period") specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract" means there is no Daily 
Settlement Price as a result of the fact that trading in the Exchange-traded Contract never commences or 
is permanently discontinued at any time on or prior to the Valuation Date, Averaging Date or other date 
for valuation or observation or other relevant date, as the case may be, of the relevant Current Exchange-
traded Contract. 
"Settlement Cycle" means, in respect of an Exchange-traded Contract, the period of Exchange Business 
Days following a trade in such Exchange-traded Contract on the relevant Futures or Options Exchange 
in which settlement will customarily occur according to the rules of such Futures or Options Exchange. 
Currency Security Condition 2 (Disruption Events) and Currency Security Condition 3 (Consequences 
of a Disruption Event) will not apply if Futures Price Valuation applies. 
If Futures Price Valuation applies, references to "Alternative Currency" in the definition of "Underlying 
Reference" in the Security Conditions, Formulas Conditions (except for the definition of "Underlying 
Reference" for the purposes of the Fixed Income Payouts) and OET Warrant Conditions is deemed to be 
a reference to a "Current Exchange-traded Contract". 
6. 
Rolling Futures Contract Securities 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the Securities are "Rolling Futures Contract Securities", the 
Securities will be valued by reference to futures contracts relating to the Currency Pair that have expiry 
months that do not correspond with the term of the Securities. In such case, on or prior to the Issue Date, 
the Calculation Agent will select an Exchange-traded Contract and for each following day until the

--- Page 329 ---
- 329 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
Futures Rollover Date such futures contract will be the Current Exchange-traded Contract. On each 
Futures Rollover Date the Calculation Agent will select another Exchange-trade Contract and such 
contract will be the Current Exchange-traded Contract until the next occurring Futures Rollover Date. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Currency Security Condition 7 (Adjustments to an Exchange-traded 
Contract) or Currency Security Condition 8 (Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-
traded Contract) if on a Futures Rollover Date a Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an 
Exchange-traded Contract occurs and it is impossible or materially impracticable for the Calculation 
Agent to select an Exchange-traded Contract and/or at such time hedge the Issuer's obligations in respect 
of the Securities then the Issuer shall cancel all but not some only of the Warrants, each Warrant or, if 
Units are specified as applicable, each Unit, being cancelled by payment of an amount equal to the fair 
market value of such Security or Unit, as the case may be, taking into account the Non-Commencement 
or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract, less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any 
underlying related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to 
the Securityholders in accordance with Security Condition 8 (Notices). 
7. 
Adjustments to an Exchange-traded Contract 
In the event that the terms of an Exchange-traded Contract are changed or modified by the Futures or 
Options Exchange, the Calculation Agent will make the appropriate adjustment, if any, to any of the 
Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to account for such change or modification. 
8. 
Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract 
Where there is a Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract, the Issuer 
may take the action described in (a) below or require the Calculation Agent to take the action described 
in (b) below: 
 
the Issuer shall cancel all but not some only of the Warrants, each Warrant or, if Units are 
specified as applicable, each Unit, being cancelled by payment of an amount equal to the fair 
market value of such Security or Unit, as the case may be, taking into account the Non-
Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract, less, unless Unwind Costs 
are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer and/or its 
Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. Payments will 
be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with Security 
Condition 8 (Notices); or 
 
 
(i) 
replace the relevant Exchange-traded Contract affected by the Non-Commencement or 
Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract (the "Affected Exchange-traded 
Contract") with a substitute Exchange-traded Contract (the "Substitute Exchange-
traded Contract") which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, has similar contract specifications to 
those of the Affected Exchange-traded Contract and  
(ii) 
make such adjustments to adjust the terms of the Securities as it determines acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner to be appropriate to preserve the 
economic position of the Securityholders prior to such replacement. Such replacement 
will be deemed to be effective as of the date selected by the Calculation Agent, acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, and specified in the notice 
referred to below. The Substitute Exchange-traded Contract will be deemed to be an 
"Exchange-traded Contract" for the purposes of the Securities. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of Italian Listed Securities the Calculation Agent will adjust 
any relevant terms of the Securities as it determines appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of 
the obligations of the Issuer under the Securities.

--- Page 330 ---
- 330 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable, notify the Fiscal Agent of any determination made 
by it pursuant to this Currency Security Condition 8 and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto 
and the Fiscal Agent shall make available for inspection by Securityholders copies of any such 
determinations. 
9. 
Correction of the Daily Settlement Price 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three Business Days prior to the 
due date for any payment under the Securities, if the Daily Settlement Price published on a given day 
and used or to be used by the Calculation Agent to make any determination under the Securities is 
subsequently corrected and the correction is published by the relevant Futures or Options Exchange, 
within the number of days equal to the Daily Settlement Price Correction Period of the original 
publication, the Daily Settlement Price to be used shall be the Daily Settlement Price as so corrected. 
Corrections published after the day which is three Business Days prior to a due date for payment under 
the Securities will be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining the relevant 
amount to be paid.

--- Page 331 ---
- 331 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
ANNEX 9 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND SECURITIES 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Securities specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as Fund Securities shall comprise the Security Conditions and the additional Terms 
and Conditions for Fund Securities set out below (the "Fund Security Conditions"), in each case together with 
any other additional terms and conditions specified in the applicable Final Terms and subject to completion in the 
applicable Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Security Conditions and (ii) the Fund 
Security Conditions, the Fund Security Conditions shall prevail. 
1. 
Definitions 
"AUM Level" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Averaging Date" means each date specified as an Averaging Date in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
any such date is not a Fund Business Day, the immediately following Fund Business Day; 
"Basket Trigger Event" means that an Extraordinary Fund Event occurs in respect of one or more Funds 
comprising the Fund Basket, as the case may be, which has or, in the event that an Extraordinary Fund 
Event has occurred in respect of more than one Fund, together have, a Weighting in the Fund Basket, as 
the case may be, equal to or greater than the Basket Trigger Level; 
"Basket Trigger Level" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Calculation Date" means each day(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if not so specified, 
each day which is a Fund Business Day; 
"Delayed Payment Cut-off Date" is as defined in the applicable Final Terms or, if not so specified, the 
date falling two calendar years after the originally designated Settlement Date or Termination Date, as 
the case may be; 
"Extraordinary Fund Event Effective Date" means, in respect of an Extraordinary Fund Event, the 
date on which such Extraordinary Fund Event occurs, or has occurred, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; 
"Final Calculation Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fund" means each Mutual Fund; 
"Fund Basket" means, where the Fund Securities are linked to the performance of Fund Shares of more 
than one Fund, a basket comprising such Fund Shares; 
"Fund Business Day" means either (i) with respect to single Fund, Fund Business Day (Single Fund 
Share Basis), or (ii) in respect of a Fund Basket, either Fund Business Day (All Fund Shares Basis) or 
Fund Business Day (Per Fund Share Basis) as specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that, if 
no such specification is made in the applicable Final Terms, Fund Business Day (Per Fund Share Basis) 
shall apply; 
"Fund Business Day (All Fund Shares Basis)" means, with respect to a Fund Basket, a date (i) that is 
a Fund Valuation Date for all Fund Shares comprised in the Fund Basket, as the case may be and (ii) on 
which the Hedge Provider has, or could have, a subscription or redemption order for each such Fund 
Share executed at the NAV per Fund Share published by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider that 
generally publishes or reports such value) in respect of such Fund Valuation Date; 
"Fund Business Day (Per Fund Share Basis)" means, with respect to a Fund Share, a date (i) that is a 
Fund Valuation Date in respect of such Fund Share and (ii) on which the Hedge Provider has, or could 
have, a subscription or redemption order for the Fund Shares executed at the NAV per Fund Share 
published by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider that generally publishes or reports such value) in 
respect of such Fund Valuation Date;

--- Page 332 ---
- 332 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
"Fund Business Day (Single Fund Share Basis)" means with respect to a Fund Share, a date (i) that is 
a Fund Valuation Date and (ii) on which the Hedge Provider has, or could have, a subscription or 
redemption order for the Fund Shares executed at the NAV per Fund Share published by the Fund (or 
the Fund Service Provider that generally publishes or reports such value) in respect of such Fund 
Valuation Date; 
"Fund Documents" means, with respect to any Fund Share, the offering document of the relevant Fund 
in effect on the Hedging Date specifying, among other matters, the terms and conditions relating to such 
Fund Share and, for the avoidance of doubt, any other documents or agreements in respect of the Fund, 
as further described in any Fund Document; 
"Fund Service Provider" means, in respect of any Fund, any person who is appointed to provide services, 
directly or indirectly, in respect of such Fund, whether or not specified in the Fund Documents, including 
any advisor, manager, administrator, operator, management company, depository, custodian, sub-
custodian, prime broker, administrator, trustee, registrar and transfer agent, domiciliary agent, sponsor 
or general partner and any other person specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fund Share(s)" means an ownership interest issued to or held by an investor in a Fund or any other 
interest specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fund Valuation Date" means any date as of which, in accordance with the Fund Documents, the Fund 
(or the Fund Service Provider that generally determines such value) is or but for the occurrence of an 
Extraordinary Fund Event would have been scheduled to determine the NAV per Fund Share; 
"Hedge Provider" means the party (being, inter alios, the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the 
Calculation Agent, an Affiliate or any third party) from time to time who hedges the Issuer's obligations 
in respect of the Securities or where no such party actually hedges such obligations, a Hypothetical 
Investor, who shall be deemed to enter into transactions as if hedging such obligations. The Hedge 
Provider will hold or be deemed to hold such number of Fund Shares, or enter or be deemed to enter into 
any agreement to purchase or deliver, or pay an amount linked to the performance of, such number of 
Fund Shares as it (or in the case of a Hypothetical Investor, the Calculation Agent) considers would be 
held by a prudent issuer as a hedge for its exposure under the relevant Securities; 
"Hedging Date" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Hypothetical Investor" means a hypothetical or actual investor (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in the context of the relevant situation) in a Fund Share which is deemed to have the benefits and 
obligations, as provided in the relevant Fund Documents, of an investor holding a Fund Share at the 
relevant time. The Hypothetical Investor may be deemed by the Calculation Agent to be resident or 
organised in any jurisdiction, and to be, without limitation, the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the 
Calculation Agent or any of their affiliates (as determined by the Calculation Agent in the context of the 
relevant situation); 
"Implied Embedded Option Value" means an amount (which may never be less than zero) equal to the 
present value as of the Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date of any scheduled but unpaid 
payments under the Securities in respect of the period from (and including) the Extraordinary Fund Event 
Effective Date to (and including) the Settlement Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner but, notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
contained herein, taking into account, without limitation, such factors as the net proceeds actually 
received from the redemption or sale of any Fund Shares by the Hedge Provider, the volatility of the 
Fund Shares and any transaction costs; 
"Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date" means the date determined by the Calculation 
Agent to be the earlier of (a) the date on which the Hedge Provider receives redemption proceeds in full 
in respect of its holding of Fund Shares (which for the avoidance of doubt, may be later than the scheduled 
Settlement Date) or (b) the Delayed Payment Cut-off Date; 
"Initial Calculation Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if not so 
specified, the Hedging Date;

--- Page 333 ---
- 333 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means the number of Fund Business Days specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, or if not so specified, 10 Fund Business Days. 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of any relevant Shares and Entity (as defined below), any (i) 
reclassification or change of such Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to 
transfer all of such Shares outstanding to another entity or person, (ii) consolidation, amalgamation, 
merger or binding share/unit/interest exchange of an Entity with or into another entity or person (other 
than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share/unit/interest exchange in which such Entity, 
is the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all of such Shares 
outstanding), (iii) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by 
any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding Shares of an Entity 
that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Shares (other than such 
Shares owned or controlled by such other entity or person), or (iv) consolidation, amalgamation, merger 
or binding share/unit/interest exchange of an Entity or its subsidiaries with or into another entity in which 
the Entity is the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such 
Shares outstanding but results in the outstanding Shares (other than Shares owned or controlled by such 
other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the 
outstanding Shares immediately following such event, in each case if the Extraordinary Fund Event 
Effective Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, is on or before the Final Calculation Date. For 
the purposes of this definition of "Merger Event" only, "Shares" shall mean the applicable Fund Shares 
or the shares of any applicable Fund Service Provider, as the context may require, and "Entity" shall 
mean the applicable Fund or any applicable Fund Service Provider, as the context may require. 
"Mutual Fund" means the mutual fund(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"NAV per Fund Share" means, with respect to the relevant Fund Shares and a Fund Business Day, (i) 
the net asset value per Fund Share as of the related Fund Valuation Date, as reported by the Fund Service 
Provider that generally publishes or reports such value on behalf of the Fund to its investors or a 
publishing service, or (ii) if the Fund Service Provider of the Fund publishes or reports only the aggregate 
net asset value of the Fund Shares, the net asset value per Fund Share calculated by the Calculation Agent 
on the basis of such aggregate net asset value of the Fund Shares divided by the number of Fund Shares 
issued and outstanding as of the related Fund Valuation Date; 
"NAV Trigger Event" means, in respect of the Fund Shares, that (i) the NAV per Fund Share has 
decreased by an amount equal to, or greater than, the NAV Trigger Percentage(s) at any time during the 
related NAV Trigger Period, or (ii) the Fund has violated any leverage restriction that is applicable to, or 
affecting, such Fund or its assets by operation of any law, any order or judgement of any court or other 
agency of government applicable to it or any of its assets, the Fund Documents or any other contractual 
restriction binding on or affecting the Fund or any of its assets; 
"NAV Trigger Percentage" means the percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"NAV Trigger Period" means the period specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if not so specified 
the period from and including the Initial Calculation Date to and including the Final Calculation Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt the period could be equal to specified number of consecutive or non-
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days, as defined in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Number of NAV Publication Days" means the number of calendar days specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or if not so specified, with respect to a Mutual Fund, 5 calendar days; 
"Observation Date" means each date specified as an Observation Date in the applicable Final Terms, or 
if any such date is not a Fund Business Day, the immediately succeeding Fund Business Day; 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, if the Securities are Hybrid Securities and Hybrid Business Day is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, for the purpose of determining whether a day is a 
Hybrid Business Day, a Fund Business Day; 
"Settlement Price" means, in relation to each Security subject to the provisions of this Annex and as 
referred to in "Valuation Date" or "Averaging Date" or "Observation Date", as the case may be: 
(i) 
in respect of Fund Securities relating to a single Fund, the relevant NAV per Fund Share; and

--- Page 334 ---
- 334 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
(ii) 
in respect of Fund Securities relating to a Fund Basket, the sum of the values calculated in 
respect of each Fund Share in the Fund Basket as the NAV per Fund Share of such Fund Share 
multiplied by the relevant Weighting. 
"Settlement Price Date" means the Strike Date, an Averaging Date, an Observation Date or the 
Valuation Date, as the case may be; 
"Strike Date" means the Strike Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such day is 
not a Fund Business Day, the immediately succeeding Fund Business Day; 
"Strike Day" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such day is not a 
Fund Business Day, the immediately succeeding Fund Business Day; 
"Strike Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Tender Offer" means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event 
by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having 
the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 50 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. of 
the outstanding voting shares, units or interests of the Fund or Fund Service Provider, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent, based upon the making of filings with governmental or self-regulatory agencies 
or such other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant; 
"Termination Amount" means: 
(i) 
if Highest Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, an amount in respect 
of each Security, or if Units are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, 
as the case may be, calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with Security 
Condition 21.1; or 
(ii) 
if Market Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, an amount in respect 
of each Security, or if Units are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, 
as the case may be, calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with Security 
Condition 21.2; or 
(iii) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that the relevant Extraordinary Fund Event or combination 
of Extraordinary Fund Events constitutes a force majeure, and if Fund Event Force Majeure is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, an amount in respect of each Security, or 
if Units are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, 
which amount shall be equal to the fair market value of a Security or a Unit, as the case may be, 
taking into account such event (provided that no account will be taken of costs (other than such 
costs that are unavoidable to cancel the Securities at their fair market value) and no such costs 
shall be deducted), such amount to be paid to the Securityholders on the date notified to the 
Securityholders in the notice of cancellation; 
(iv) 
otherwise, the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if not so specified, an amount 
equal to the Implied Embedded Option Value (if any), such amount payable on the Termination 
Date; 
"Termination Date" means the date determined by the Issuer as provided herein and specified in the 
notice given to Securityholders in accordance with Fund Security Condition 4.2(c); 
"Trade Date" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Valuation Date" means the first Fund Business Day following the Actual Exercise Date of the relevant 
Warrant;

--- Page 335 ---
- 335 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
2. 
Extraordinary Fund Events 
Subject to the provisions of Fund Security Condition 3 (Determination of Extraordinary Fund Events) 
"Extraordinary Fund Event" means the occurrence or continuance at any time on or after the Trade 
Date of any of the following events as determined by the Calculation Agent: 
Global Events: 
2.1 
the Fund or any Fund Service Provider  
(i) 
ceases trading and/or, in the case of a Fund Service Provider, ceases administration, portfolio 
management, investment services, custodian, prime brokerage, or any other relevant business 
(as applicable)  
(ii) 
is dissolved or has a resolution passed, or there is any proposal, for its dissolution, winding-up, 
official liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger);  
(iii) 
makes a general assignment or arrangement with or for the benefit of its creditors;  
(iv) 
(1) institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with 
primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its 
incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, a proceeding seeking 
a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency 
law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up 
or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official, or (2) has instituted against 
it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any 
bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is 
presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is instituted or 
presented by a person or entity not described in sub-clause (iv)(1) above and either (x) results 
in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of 
an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (y) is not immediately dismissed, discharged, stayed 
or restrained;  
(v) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, 
conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially 
all its assets;  
(vi) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against 
all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process 
is not immediately dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained; or  
(vii) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any 
jurisdiction, has an effect analogous to any of the events specified in sub-clauses (i) to (vi) 
above; or 
2.2 
the occurrence of a Merger Event or Tender Offer; 
Litigation/Fraudulent Activity Events: 
2.3 
there exists any litigation against the Fund or a Fund Service Provider which the Calculation Agent 
determines, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, could materially affect the 
value of the Fund Shares or the rights or remedies of any investor in such Fund Shares; or 
2.4 
(i) an allegation of criminal or fraudulent activity is made in respect of the Fund, or any Fund Service 
Provider, or any employee of any such entity, or the Calculation Agent reasonably determines that any 
such criminal or fraudulent activity has occurred, or (ii) any investigative, judicial, administrative or 
other civil or criminal proceedings is commenced or is threatened against the Fund, any Fund Service 
Provider or any key personnel of such entities if such allegation, determination, suspicion or proceedings 
could, in the determination of the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable

--- Page 336 ---
- 336 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
manner, materially affect the value of the Fund Shares or the rights or remedies of any investor in such 
Fund Shares; 
Fund Service Provider/Key Person Events: 
2.5 
(i) a Fund Service Provider ceases to act in such capacity in relation to the Fund and is not immediately 
replaced in such capacity by a successor acceptable to the Calculation Agent and/or (ii) any event occurs 
which causes, or will with the passage of time (in the opinion of the Calculation Agent) cause, the failure 
of the Fund and/or any Fund Service Provider to meet or maintain any obligation or undertaking under 
the Fund Documents which failure is reasonably likely to have an adverse impact on the value of the 
Fund Shares or on the rights or remedies of any investor in such Fund Shares; or 
2.6 
one or more of the key individuals involved with, or having supervision over, the Fund or a Fund Service 
Provider ceases to act in such capacity, and the relevant Fund Service Provider fails to appoint a 
replacement having similar qualifications to those of the key individual or individuals ceasing to act; 
Modification Events: 
2.7 
a material modification of or deviation from any of the investment objectives, investment restrictions, 
investment process or investment guidelines of the Fund (howsoever described, including the underlying 
type of assets in which the Fund invests), from those set out in the Fund Documents, or any 
announcement regarding a potential modification or deviation, except where such modification or 
deviation is of a formal, minor or technical nature; 
2.8 
a material modification, cancellation or disappearance (howsoever described), or any announcement 
regarding a potential future material modification, cancellation or disappearance (howsoever described), 
of the type of assets (i) in which the Fund invests, or (ii) the Fund purports to track; 
2.9 
a material modification, or any announcement regarding a potential future material modification, of the 
Fund (including but not limited to a material modification of the Fund Documents or to the Fund's 
liquidity terms) other than a modification or event which does not affect the Fund Shares or the Fund or 
any portfolio of assets to which the Fund Share relates (either alone or in common with other Fund Shares 
issued by the Fund); 
2.10 
the creation by the Fund of any illiquid share class or unit howsoever described; 
2.11 
the currency denomination of the Fund Shares is amended from that set out in the Fund Documents so 
that the NAV per Fund Share is no longer calculated in the same currency as it was as at the Trade Date; 
2.12 
if applicable, the Fund ceases to be an undertaking for collective investments under the legislation of its 
relevant jurisdiction; or 
2.13 
following the issue or creation of a new class or series (howsoever described in the Fund Documents) of 
shares or units by the Fund, the Calculation Agent determines taking into consideration the potential 
cross-liability between classes of shares or units (howsoever described in the Fund Documents) that such 
new class or series has or may have an adverse effect on the hedging activities of the Hedge Provider in 
relation to the Securities; 
NAV per Fund Share/AUM Level Events: 
2.14 
a material modification of the method of calculating the NAV per Fund Share; 
2.15 
any change in the periodicity of the calculation or the publication of the NAV per Fund Share; 
2.16 
any suspension of the calculation or publication of the NAV per Fund Share; 
2.17 
the occurrence of any event affecting a Fund Share that the Calculation Agent determines, acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, would make it impossible or impracticable for the 
Calculation Agent to determine the NAV per Fund Share;

--- Page 337 ---
- 337 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
2.18 
any of the Fund, any Fund Service Provider or any other party acting on behalf of the Fund fails for any 
reason to calculate and publish the NAV per Fund Share within the Number of NAV Publication Days 
following any date scheduled for the determination of the valuation of the Fund Shares unless the cause 
of such failure to publish is of a technical nature and outside the immediate and direct control of the 
entity responsible for such publication; 
2.19 
any Fund Service Provider uses asset prices provided by the investment manager (howsoever described 
in the Fund Documents) to calculate the NAV per Fund Share when such asset prices could have been 
obtained from independent sources and the asset prices from independent sources materially diverge 
from the asset prices provided by the investment manager (howsoever described in the Fund Documents); 
2.20 
the assets under management of the Fund falls below the AUM Level; 
2.21 
(i) the Calculation Agent determines, at any time, that the NAV per Fund Share is inaccurate, or (ii) the 
reported net asset value of the Fund Shares misrepresents the net asset value of the Fund Shares; 
2.22 
a NAV Trigger Event occurs; or 
2.23 
(i) the auditors of the Fund qualify any audit report, or refuse to provide an unqualified audit report, in 
respect of the Fund, and/or (ii) the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, does not deem the audited net asset value of the Fund and/or the NAV per Fund 
Share to be representative of the actual net asset value of the Fund and/or the NAV per Fund Share; 
Reporting Events: 
2.24 
any failure of the Fund, or its authorised representative, to deliver or publish, or cause to be delivered or 
published, (i) information that the Fund has agreed to deliver or publish, or agreed to cause to be delivered 
or published, to the Calculation Agent or Hedge Provider, or (ii) information that has been previously 
delivered to the Hedge Provider or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, in accordance with the Fund's, 
or its authorised representative's, normal practice and that the Hedge Provider deems necessary for it or 
the Calculation Agent, as applicable, to monitor such Fund's compliance with any investment guidelines, 
asset allocation methodologies or any other similar policies relating to the Fund Share; or 
2.25 
any Fund Service Provider fails to provide the Calculation Agent, within a reasonable time, with any 
information that the Calculation Agent has reasonably requested regarding the investment portfolio or 
other activities or undertakings of the Fund; 
Tax/Law/Accounting/Regulatory Events: 
2.26 
there is a change in or in the official interpretation or administration of any laws or regulations relating 
to taxation that has or is likely to have a material adverse effect on any hedging arrangements entered 
into by any Hedge Provider in respect of the Securities (a "Tax Event") and, subject as provided below, 
the Hedge Provider has, for a period of one calendar month following the day the relevant Tax Event 
became known to it, used reasonable efforts to mitigate the material adverse effect of the Tax Event by 
seeking to transfer such hedging arrangements to an affiliated company, provided that the Hedge Provider 
shall not under any circumstances be obliged to take any steps which would result in sustaining a loss or 
expense of any kind and the period set out above for such mitigation shall be deemed satisfied on any 
date it is or becomes apparent at any time that there is no practicable means of mitigating the Tax Event; 
or 
2.27 
(i) any relevant activities of or in relation to the Fund or a Fund Service Provider are or become unlawful, 
illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part as a result of compliance with any present or future 
law, regulation, judgment, order or directive of any governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial 
authority or power, or in the interpretation thereof, in any applicable jurisdiction (including, but not 
limited to, any cancellation, suspension or revocation of the registration or approval of the Fund by any 
governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over the Fund), (ii) a relevant authorisation or 
licence is revoked, lapses or is under review by a competent authority in respect of the Fund or a Fund 
Service Provider or new conditions are imposed, or existing conditions varied, with respect to any such 
authorisation or licence, (iii) the Fund is required by a competent authority to redeem any Fund Shares, 
(iv) the Hedge Provider is required by a competent authority or any other relevant entity to dispose of or 
compulsorily redeem any Fund Shares held in connection with any hedging arrangements relating to the

--- Page 338 ---
- 338 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
Securities and/or (v) any change in the legal, tax, accounting or regulatory treatment of the Fund or any 
Fund Service Provider that is reasonably likely to have an adverse impact on the value of the Fund Shares 
or other activities or undertakings of the Fund or on the rights or remedies of any investor in such Fund 
Shares, including any Hedge Provider; 
Hedging/Impracticality/Increased Costs Events: 
2.28 
in connection with any hedging activities in relation to the Securities, as a result of any adoption of, or 
any change in, any law, order, regulation, decree or notice, howsoever described, after the Trade Date, 
or issuance of any directive or promulgation of, or any change in the interpretation, whether formal or 
informal, by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or similar administrative or judicial body of any 
law, order, regulation, decree or notice, howsoever described, after such date or as a result of any other 
relevant event (each a "Relevant Event") (i) it would become unlawful or impractical for the Hedge 
Provider to hold (including, without limitation, circumstances requiring the Hedge Provider to modify 
any reserve, special deposit, or similar requirement or that would adversely affect the amount or cost of 
regulatory capital that would have to be maintained in respect of any holding of Fund Shares or that 
would subject a holder of the Fund Shares or the Hedge Provider to any loss), purchase or sell the relevant 
Fund Shares or any underlying assets of or related to the Fund or for the Hedge Provider to maintain such 
hedging arrangements and, (ii) subject as provided below, the Hedge Provider has, for a period of one 
calendar week following the day the Relevant Event became known to it, used reasonable efforts to 
mitigate the effect of the Relevant Event by seeking to transfer such hedging arrangements to an affiliated 
company, provided that the Hedge Provider shall not under any circumstances be obliged to take any 
steps which would result in sustaining a loss or expense of any kind and the period of one calendar week 
set out above shall be deemed satisfied on any date it is or becomes at any time apparent that there is no 
practicable means of mitigating the Relevant Event; 
2.29 
in connection with the hedging activities in relation to the Securities, if the cost to the Hedge Provider in 
relation to the Securities and the related hedging arrangements (including, but not limited to, new or 
increased taxes, duties, expenses or fees (or the combined effect thereof if occurring more than once)) 
would be materially increased or the Hedge Provider would be subject to a material loss relating to the 
Securities and the related hedging arrangements; 
2.30 
in connection with the hedging activities in relation to the Securities, the Hedge Provider is unable or it 
becomes impractical for the Hedge Provider, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction or asset it deems necessary to hedge the Issuer's obligations under 
the Securities or (ii) to realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction or asset, including, 
without limitation, where such inability or impracticability has arisen by reason of (A) any restrictions 
or increase in charges or fees imposed by the Fund on any investor's ability to redeem a Fund Share, in 
whole or in part, or any existing or new investor's ability to make new or additional investments in such 
Fund Share, or (B) any mandatory redemption, in whole or in part, of such Fund Share; 
2.31 
at any time on or after the Trade Date of the first issue of the Series, the Hedge Provider directly or 
indirectly acquires any ownership interest in or sponsors a covered fund that is not subject to an 
exemption under 12 U.S.C. §1851 (the "U.S. Volcker Rule"); 
2.32 
at any time on or after the Trade Date, the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur an increased (as 
compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, capital and/or funding 
costs, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to maintain the Securities; or 
2.33 
at any time on or after the Trade Date of the first issue of the Series, (i) the Hedge Provider unintentionally 
acquires directly or indirectly any ownership interest in a Fund that exceeds 10 per cent. of the total assets 
under management or (ii) as a consequence of changes in the performance, size, investment strategy or 
liquidity of a Fund, the Hedge Provider holds an ownership interest in such Fund that exceeds 10 per 
cent. of the total assets under management; 
Dealing Events: 
2.34 
(i) the non-execution or partial-execution by the Fund for any reason of a subscription or redemption 
order in respect of any Fund Shares (including, for the avoidance of any doubt, any non-execution by the 
Fund pending completion of its fiscal audit) (ii) the Fund suspends or refuses transfers of any of its Fund 
Shares (including, without limitation, if the Fund applies any gating, deferral, suspension or other similar

--- Page 339 ---
- 339 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
provisions permitting the Fund to delay or refuse redemption or transfer of Fund Shares), (iii) the Fund 
imposes in whole or in part any restriction (including, without limitation, any redemption in specie), 
charge or fee in respect of a redemption or subscription of its Fund Shares by the Hedge Provider or 
exercises its right to claw back the proceeds already paid on redeemed Fund Shares, if in any case it 
could in the determination of the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner have an adverse impact on the Hedge Provider's rights or obligations in relation to its hedging 
activities in relation to the Securities, or (iv) a mandatory redemption, in whole or in part, of the Fund 
Shares is imposed by the Fund on any one or more holders of Fund Shares at any time for any reason; 
Miscellaneous Events: 
2.35 
in the case of Securities linked to a Fund Basket, a Basket Trigger Event occurs; 
2.36 
the Fund or any Fund Service Provider defaults under, materially modifies, or terminates any rebate 
agreements in place with the Issuer, the Hedge Provider or any of its Affiliates; 
2.37 
if the Fund is part of an umbrella structure with more than one sub-fund, a cross-contamination or other 
failure to segregate the portfolio of assets held by the Fund occurs between different series, classes and/or 
sub-funds; 
2.38 
any security granted by the Fund or any Fund Service Provider over any of its assets is enforced or 
becomes capable of being enforced or any arrangement which in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent is comparable to security over any such assets (including without limitation any repo or prime 
brokerage arrangement) becomes enforceable or capable of early termination or any derivatives, repo, 
securities lending or other trading or dealing arrangement relating to the assets of the Fund becomes 
enforceable or terminable early by reason of any event of default (howsoever described) relating to the 
Fund or the relevant Fund Service Provider; or 
2.39 
the long-term unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt rating assigned to any Fund Service 
Provider or any parent company (howsoever described) of the Fund, by Moody's Investors Service Inc., 
or any successor to the ratings business thereof ("Moody's"), and/or Standard and Poor's Rating Group 
(a division of McGraw-Hill, Inc.), or any successor to the ratings business thereof ("S&P"), is 
downgraded below A (S&P) or A2 (Moody's) and/or the short-term unsecured, unsubordinated and 
unguaranteed debt rating assigned to any Fund Service Provider by Moody's or S&P is downgraded 
below A-1 (S&P) or P-1 (Moody's). 
References solely in this Fund Security Condition 2 (Extraordinary Fund Events) to: 
(i) 
"Fund" shall include the Fund and any funds in which it invests any of its investible assets from 
time to time; and 
(ii) 
"Fund Shares" shall include the Fund Shares and the shares or units in any Fund (as defined in 
paragraph (i) above) 
All of the events listed in this Fund Security Condition 2 (Extraordinary Fund Events) will constitute an 
Extraordinary Fund Event, unless SC/FM Fund Events is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, in which case the events described in Fund Security Conditions 2.13, 2.17, 2.26, 2.27(iv), 2.27(v), 
2.28, 2.29, 2.30, 2.31, 2.32 and 2.34(iii) will not constitute an Extraordinary Fund Event. 
3. 
Determination of Extraordinary Fund Events 
The Calculation Agent will determine if an Extraordinary Fund Event has occurred acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner. Where the occurrence of an event or set of circumstances is 
capable of triggering more than one Extraordinary Fund Event, the Issuer may determine which 
Extraordinary Fund Event is to be triggered. 
In considering whether the occurrence of an event or set of circumstances triggers an Extraordinary Fund 
Event, the Calculation Agent may have regard to the combined effect, from the Trade Date, of any event 
or set of circumstances, as the case may be, if such event or set of circumstances occurs more than once.

--- Page 340 ---
- 340 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
4. 
Consequences of an Extraordinary Fund Event 
4.1 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Extraordinary Fund Event has occurred, the Calculation 
Agent shall give notice (an "Extraordinary Fund Event Notice") to the Securityholders in accordance 
with Security Condition 8 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable), of the occurrence of such 
Extraordinary Fund Event (the date on which an Extraordinary Fund Event Notice is given, an 
"Extraordinary Fund Event Notification Date") as soon as reasonably practicable following the 
determination of an Extraordinary Fund Event. The Extraordinary Fund Event Notice shall set out, if 
determined at that time, the action that the Issuer has determined to take in respect of the Extraordinary 
Fund Event pursuant to Fund Security Condition 4.2. Where the action that the Issuer has determined to 
take is not, for whatever reason, set out in the Extraordinary Fund Event Notice, the action that the Issuer 
has determined to take shall be set out in a subsequent notice given to Securityholders in accordance with 
Security Condition 8 (Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable after the Extraordinary Fund Event 
Notification Date. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent shall be responsible for any loss, underperformance or 
opportunity cost suffered or incurred by any Securityholder or any other person in connection with the 
Securities as a result of any delay in notifying Securityholders of the occurrence of an Extraordinary 
Fund Event, howsoever arising. If the Calculation Agent gives an Extraordinary Fund Event Notice, the 
Issuer shall have no obligation to make any payment or delivery in respect of the Securities until the 
Issuer has determined the action that it has determined to take pursuant to Fund Security Condition 4.2. 
4.2 
Following the occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event, the Issuer may take the action described below 
in 4.2(a), (b) or (c) provided that, if the Calculation Agent determines that an Extraordinary Fund Event 
has occurred or is continuing on the Delayed Payment Cut-off Date in accordance with the provisions of 
Fund Security Condition 5 below (Settlement Date/Automatic Early Expiration Date/ Termination Date 
Extension), the Issuer shall determine that the action to be taken in respect of the Extraordinary Fund 
Event is "Termination". 
 
Adjustment 
If the Issuer determines that the action to be taken in respect of the Extraordinary Fund Event is 
to be "Adjustment", then the Calculation Agent may determine, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, the appropriate adjustment(s), if any, to be made to any one 
or more Fund, Fund Share and/or the Exercise Price and/or the Weighting and/or any of the 
other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to take account of 
the Extraordinary Fund Event and determine the effective date of such adjustment. 
 
Substitution 
If the Issuer determines that the action in respect of the Extraordinary Fund Event is to be 
"Substitution", the Calculation Agent shall: 
(i) 
determine the weighted average price at which a Hypothetical Investor can redeem the 
Fund Shares in the relevant Fund (the "Affected Fund") in such number as determined 
by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
as soon as it is reasonably practicable following the Extraordinary Fund Event; 
(ii) 
for a period of not longer than 14 calendar days following the date on which a 
Hypothetical Investor would have received proceeds from a redemption order in full 
submitted by the Hedge Provider as soon as practicable following the occurrence of an 
Extraordinary Fund Event, use reasonable efforts to substitute the Fund Shares with 
shares, units or other similar interests in an alternative fund which, in the determination 
of the Calculation Agent (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner), has similar characteristics to the Affected Fund, including but not limited to, 
comparable investment objectives, investment restrictions and investment processes 
and has service providers acceptable to the Calculation Agent; 
(iii) 
if no alternative fund can be determined pursuant to the preceding sub-paragraph (ii) 
above, use reasonable efforts to substitute the Fund with an index (or a fund tracking

--- Page 341 ---
- 341 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
such index) selected by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner; and 
(iv) 
following any substitution in accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) or (iii) above, the 
Issuer may require the Calculation Agent make such determinations and/or 
adjustments to these Terms and Conditions and/or the Final Terms as it determines to 
be appropriate to take account of such Substitution. 
 
Termination 
If the Issuer determines that the action to be taken in respect of the Extraordinary Fund Event is 
to be "Termination", on giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with Security Condition 
8 (Notices) (which such notice may be included in the Extraordinary Fund Event Notice in 
respect of the relevant Extraordinary Fund Event and will specify the Termination Date), all but 
not some only of the outstanding Securities shall be cancelled by payment of the Termination 
Amount on the Termination Date, payment being made in such manner as shall be notified to 
the Securityholders in accordance with Security Condition 8 (Notices). 
5. 
Settlement Date/Automatic Early Expiration Date/Termination Date Extension 
In the case of Cash Settled Securities, if on the date falling four Business Days prior to the originally 
designated Settlement Date or Automatic Early Expiration Date, as the case may be, the Hedge Provider 
has not, after having placed one or more redemption orders in respect of its holding of Fund Shares in 
accordance with the terms of the relevant Fund Documents, received redemption proceeds in full in 
respect of such Fund Shares (the "Redemption Proceeds"), the Calculation Agent may postpone the 
Settlement Date or Automatic Early Expiration Date, as the case may be, and notify the Securityholders 
thereof in accordance with Security Condition 8 (Notices). 
As soon as practicable following receipt by the Hedge Provider of the Redemption Proceeds the 
Calculation Agent shall give notice to Securityholders in accordance with Security Condition 8 (Notices) 
(such notice the "Delayed Payment Notice") and cancel the Securities on the date falling not more than 
five Business Days following the receipt of the Delayed Payment Notice (such date, the "Postponed 
Settlement Date") by payment to each Securityholder of the Cash Settlement Amount or the Automatic 
Early Expiration Amount, as the case may be, provided that, if the Hedge Provider does not receive the 
Redemption Proceeds within the period ending on (and including) the Delayed Payment Cut-off Date, 
the Calculation Agent shall determine that an Extraordinary Fund Event has occurred and is continuing 
on the Delayed Payment Cut-off Date and shall notify Securityholders thereof in accordance with the 
procedures set out in Fund Security Condition 4 above, and in accordance with Security Condition 8 
(Notices) and the provisions of Fund Security Condition 4.2(c) shall apply.

--- Page 342 ---
- 342 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
ANNEX 10 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUTURES SECURITIES 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Securities specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as Futures Securities shall comprise the Security Conditions and the additional 
Terms and Conditions for Futures Securities set out below (the "Futures Security Conditions"), in each case 
together with any other additional terms and conditions specified in the applicable Final Terms and subject to 
completion in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Security Conditions 
and (ii) the Futures Security Conditions, the Futures Security Conditions shall prevail. 
1. 
Definitions 
"Basket of Futures" means a basket composed of each Future specified in the applicable Final Terms in 
the weightings specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Clearance System" means the principal domestic clearance system customarily used for settling trades 
in the relevant Future(s); 
"Clearance System Days" means, in respect of a Clearance System, any day on which such Clearance 
System is (or, but for the occurrence of an event which results in the Clearance System being unable to 
clear the transfer of a relevant security would have been) open for the acceptance and execution of 
settlement instructions; 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which a relevant Exchange fails to open for 
trading during its regular trading session(s) or on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred; 
"Early Closure" means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Exchange(s) prior to 
its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange(s), at least 
one hour prior to the earlier of (a) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such 
Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day and (b) the submission deadline for orders to be entered 
into the Exchange for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day; 
"Exchange" means, in relation to a Future, each exchange or quotation system specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange 
or quotation system to which trading in the Future has temporarily relocated (provided that the 
Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such Future on such 
temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange); 
"Exchange Business Day" means either (a) in the case of a single Future, Exchange Business Day 
(Single Future Basis) or (b) in the case of a Basket of Futures, Exchange Business Day (All Futures Basis) 
or Exchange Business Day (Per Future Basis), in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
provided that, if no such specification is made in the applicable Final Terms, Exchange Business Day 
(Per Future Basis) shall apply; 
"Exchange Business Day (All Futures Basis)" means, in respect of all Futures comprised in a Basket 
of Futures, any Scheduled Trading Day on which each Exchange is, in respect of such Futures, open for 
trading during its regular trading session(s) notwithstanding such Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time; 
"Exchange Business Day (Per Future Basis)" means, in respect of a Future, any Scheduled Trading 
Day on which the relevant Exchange in respect of such Future is open for trading during its regular 
trading session(s), notwithstanding such relevant Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time; 
"Exchange Business Day (Single Future Basis)" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the 
relevant Exchange is open for trading during its respective regular trading session(s), notwithstanding 
such relevant Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time; 
"Exchange Disruption" means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) the

--- Page 343 ---
- 343 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
ability of market participants in general to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, the Futures 
on the Exchange; 
"Future" or "Futures" means, subject to adjustments in accordance with this Annex 10, in the case of 
an issue of Securities relating to a single Future, the futures contract and, in the case of an issue of 
Securities relating to a Basket of Futures, each futures contract, specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
and related expressions shall be construed accordingly; 
"Futures Correction Period" means (a) the period specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (b) if none 
is so specified, one Settlement Cycle; 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means either (a) in the case of a single Future, Scheduled Trading Day (Single 
Future Basis) or (b) in the case of a Basket of Futures, Scheduled Trading Day (All Futures Basis) or 
Scheduled Trading Day (Per Future Basis), in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
provided that, if no such specification is made in the applicable Final Terms, Exchange Business Day 
(Per Future Basis) shall apply; 
"Scheduled Trading Day (All Futures Basis)" means, in respect of all Futures comprising the Basket 
of Futures, any day on which each Exchange is, in respect of such Futures, scheduled to be open for 
trading during its regular trading session(s); 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Per Future Basis)" means, in respect of a Future, any day on which the 
relevant Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading during its regular trading session(s); 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Single Future Basis)" means any day on which the relevant Exchange is 
scheduled to be open for trading during its regular trading session(s); 
"Settlement Cycle" means, in respect of a Future, the period of Clearance System Days following a trade 
in the Future on the Exchange on which settlement will customarily occur according to the rules of such 
Exchange; 
"Settlement Price" means, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, in relation to each 
Security subject to the provisions of this Annex and as referred to in "Averaging Date", "Observation 
Date", "Strike Date" or "Valuation Date" as the case may be: 
(a) 
in the case of Futures Securities relating to a Basket of Futures and in respect of each Futures 
comprising the basket, an amount equal to the official closing price (or the price at the Valuation 
Time on an Averaging Date or the Valuation Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) quoted on the relevant Exchange for such Future on (i) if Averaging is 
not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Valuation Date or (ii) if Averaging is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date and, in either case, multiplied by the relevant 
Weighting; and 
(b) 
in the case of Futures Securities relating to a single Future, an amount equal to the official price 
(or the price at the Valuation Time on an Averaging Date or the Valuation Date, if so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) quoted on the relevant Exchange for such Future on (i) if 
Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Valuation Date or (ii) if Averaging 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date; 
"Trading Disruption" means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant 
Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the 
relevant Exchange or otherwise relating to the Futures on the Exchange. 
2. 
Market Disruption 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in relation to Securities relating to a single Future or a Basket of 
Futures, in respect of a Future the occurrence or existence of (a) a Trading Disruption, (b) an Exchange 
Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent determines acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner is material, at any time during the one hour period that ends at the 
relevant Valuation Time, or (c) an Early Closure.

--- Page 344 ---
- 344 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with 
Security Condition 8 (Notices) of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day, would have been an Averaging Date, or an Observation Date, a Valuation 
Date or the Strike Date. 
3. 
Adjustments to a Future 
3.1 
Futures Modification, Futures Replacement or Futures De-Listing 
If, on or prior to the last Valuation Date, the last Observation Date or the last Averaging Date, (a) the 
relevant Exchange makes or announces that it will make a material change in the conditions of the 
Future(s) (a "Futures Modification"), (b) the relevant Exchange replaces the Future by a new Future 
contract to be substituted to the Future (a "Futures Replacement") or (c) the relevant Exchange 
announces that the relevant Future cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the 
Exchange for any reason and is not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or 
quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within the 
European Union, in a member state of the European Union) (a "Futures De-Listing" and, together with 
a Futures Modification and a Futures Replacement, each a "Futures Adjustment Event"), then: 
 
following the occurrence of a Futures Modification or a Futures Replacement, the Calculation 
Agent shall determine acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner if such 
Futures Modification or Futures Replacement has a material effect on the Securities and, if so, 
shall use the Future(s) so modified or replaced in lieu of the initial Future with respect to the 
relevant Securities; or 
 
the Issuer may cancel the Warrants by giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with 
Security Condition 8. If the Warrants are so cancelled the Issuer will: 
(i) 
if Highest Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will 
on giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with Security Condition 8 (Notices), 
pay to each Securityholder an amount in respect of each Security, or if Units are 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, 
held by such Securityholder calculated and paid on such date determined, in 
accordance with Security Condition 21.1; 
(ii) 
if Market Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will 
on giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with Security Condition 8 (Notices), 
pay to each Securityholder an amount in respect of each Security, or if Units are 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, 
held by such Securityholder calculated and paid on such date determined, in 
accordance with Security Condition 21.2; or 
(iii) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that such Futures Adjustment Event constitutes a 
force majeure, and if Futures Security Condition 3.1(b)(iii) is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will on giving notice to Securityholders in 
accordance with Security Condition 8 (Notices), pay to each Securityholder an amount 
in respect of each Security, or if Units are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, held by such Securityholder, which amount 
shall be equal to the fair market value of a Security or Unit, as the case may be, taking 
into account such event (provided that no account will be taken of costs (other than 
such costs that are unavoidable to cancel the Securities at their fair market value) and 
no such costs shall be deducted), such amount to be paid to the Securityholders on the 
date notified to the Securityholders in the notice of cancellation; or 
(iv) 
otherwise, pay an amount to each Securityholder in respect of each Warrant or, if Units 
are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, being cancelled an amount equal 
to the fair market value of a Warrant or a Unit, as the case may be, taking into account 
the Futures Adjustment Event, less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of 
unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner,

--- Page 345 ---
- 345 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
payment being made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in 
accordance with Security Condition 8. 
3.2 
Notice 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable, notify the Fiscal Agent of any determination made 
by it pursuant to paragraph 3.1 (Futures Modification, Futures Replacement or Futures De-Listing) 
above and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto and the Fiscal Agent shall make available 
for inspection by Securityholders copies of any such determinations. 
4. 
Correction of Futures Price 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three Exchange Business Days 
prior to the due date for any payment under the Securities, if the price of the relevant Future(s) published 
on a given day and used or to be used by the Calculation Agent to make any determination under the 
Securities, is subsequently corrected and the correction published by the relevant Exchange within the 
number of days equal to the Futures Correction Period of the original publication, the price to be used 
shall be the price of the relevant Future(s) as so corrected. Corrections published after the day which is 
three Exchange Business Days prior to a due date for payment under the Securities will be disregarded 
by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining the relevant amount.

--- Page 346 ---
- 346 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
ANNEX 11 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR UNDERLYING INTEREST RATE SECURITIES 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Securities specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as Underlying Interest Rate Securities shall comprise the Security Conditions and 
the additional Terms and Conditions for Underlying Interest Rate Securities set out below (the "Underlying 
Interest Rate Security Conditions"), in each case together with any other additional terms and conditions 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and subject to completion in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of 
any inconsistency between (i) the Security Conditions and (ii) the Underlying Interest Rate Security Conditions, 
the Underlying Interest Rate Security Conditions shall prevail.  
1. 
Underlying Interest Rate Determination 
In respect of each Underlying Interest Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Underlying Interest Rate or, if two or more Underlying Interest Rates are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, each Underlying Interest Rate will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. Each Underlying Interest Rate comprising a Multiple Underlying Interest Rate will be calculated 
separately and independently as provided below and in the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
ISDA Determination 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Underlying Interest Rate is to be determined, the Underlying Reference Rate will be the relevant 
Underlying ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Underlying Margin 
(if any) specified in the applicable Final Terms. For the purposes of these Underlying Interest Rate 
Security Conditions, "Underlying ISDA Rate" means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent 
were acting as Calculation Agent (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) for that swap transaction under 
the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Securities (the "ISDA Definitions") and under which: 
 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that, if the 
Floating Rate Option specified in the applicable Final Terms is a EURIBOR rate, in the event 
that EURIBOR has been discontinued, such other successor benchmark rate as the financial 
industry shall have accepted as a successor or substitute rate for EURIBOR for the relevant 
currency, as applicable; 
 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
 
the relevant Reset Date is as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of these Underlying Interest Rate Security Conditions, "Floating Rate", "Floating Rate 
Option", "Designated Maturity" and "Reset Date" have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA 
Definitions. 
3. 
Screen Rate Determination 
(i) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Underlying Interest Rate is to be determined, the Underlying Reference Rate will, 
subject as provided below, be either: 
(a) 
the offered quotation; or 
(b) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Underlying Reference Rate(s) which appears 
or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that 
service which displays the information) as at the Specified Time indicated in the applicable

--- Page 347 ---
- 347 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
Final Terms (which will be 11.00 a.m., Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR) (the "Screen 
Page Underlying Reference Rate") on the Underlying Interest Determination Date in question 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Underlying Margin (if any), all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are available 
on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, 
one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, 
one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
(ii) 
In the event that the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (i) (a) above, no 
such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that 
service which displays the information) or, in the case of (ii) (a) above, fewer than three such 
offered quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service 
which displays the information), in each case as at the Specified Time indicated above or in the 
applicable Final Terms, except as provided in paragraph (iii) below, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the Underlying Reference Rate as the rate it determines would have prevailed but for 
such non-availability or other event acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner. 
(iii) 
If the Calculation Agent determines at any time prior to any Underlying Interest Determination 
Date, that the Screen Page Underlying Reference Rate has been discontinued or a Reference 
Rate Fallback Event has occurred, the Calculation Agent will use, as a substitute for the Screen 
Page Underlying Reference Rate, the alternative reference rate selected by the central bank, 
reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution (including any committee or working 
group thereof) in the jurisdiction or region of the currency of the relevant rate (each a "Relevant 
Nominating Body") that is consistent with industry accepted standards, provided that if two or 
more alternative reference rates are selected by any Relevant Nominating Body, the Issuer or 
the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall determine which of those alternative reference rates 
is most appropriate to preserve the economic features of the relevant Securities. If the 
Calculation Agent notifies the Issuer that it is unable to determine such an alternative reference 
rate, the Calculation Agent will as soon as reasonably practicable (and in any event before the 
Business Day prior to the applicable Underlying Interest Determination Date) appoint an agent 
(the "Underlying Reference Rate Determination Agent"), which will determine whether a 
substitute or successor rate, which is substantially comparable to the Screen Page Underlying 
Reference Rate, is available for the purpose of determining the Underlying Reference Rate on 
each Underlying Interest Determination Date falling on or after the date of such determination. 
If the Underlying Reference Rate Determination Agent determines that there is an industry 
accepted successor rate, the Underlying Reference Rate Determination Agent will notify the 
Issuer of such successor rate to be used by the Calculation Agent to determine the Underlying 
Interest Rate. 
If the Underlying Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable 
has determined a substitute or successor rate in accordance with the foregoing paragraph (such 
rate, the "Replacement Underlying Reference Rate"), for the purpose of determining the 
Underlying Reference Rate on each Underlying Interest Determination Date falling on or after 
such determination: 
(a) 
the Underlying Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, will also determine the changes (if any) required to the Underlying Interest 
Determination Date and any method for obtaining the Replacement Underlying 
Reference Rate, including any adjustment needed to make such Replacement 
Underlying Reference Rate comparable to the Screen Page Underlying Reference 
Rate, in each case acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner that 
is consistent with industry-accepted practices for such Replacement Underlying 
Reference Rate; 
(b) 
references to the Underlying Reference Rate in these Underlying Interest Rate Security 
Conditions will be deemed to be references to the relevant Replacement Underlying 
Reference Rate, including any alternative method for determining such rate as 
described in (a) above;

--- Page 348 ---
- 348 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
(c) 
the Underlying Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, will notify the Issuer of the Replacement Underlying Reference Rate, and 
the details described in (a) above as soon as reasonably practicable; and 
(d) 
the Issuer will give notice to the Holders in accordance with Security Condition 8 
(Notices), and the Calculation Agent of the Replacement Underlying Reference Rate, 
and the details described in (i) above as soon as reasonably practicable but in any event 
no later than 5:00 p.m. (London time) on the Business Day prior to the applicable 
Underlying Interest Determination Date. 
The determination of the Replacement Underlying Reference Rate and the other matters referred to above 
by the Underlying Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will (in 
the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and the Holders, 
unless the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or the Underlying Reference Rate Determination Agent 
determines at a later date that the Replacement Underlying Reference Rate is no longer substantially 
comparable to the Underlying Reference Rate or does not constitute an industry accepted successor rate, 
in which case the Calculation Agent shall appoint or re-appoint a Underlying Reference Rate 
Determination Agent, as the case may be (which may or may not be the same entity as the original 
Underlying Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent) for the purpose of confirming 
the Replacement Underlying Reference Rate or determining a substitute Replacement Underlying 
Reference Rate in an identical manner as described in this paragraph (iii). If the replacement Underlying 
Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, is unable to or otherwise 
does not determine a substitute Replacement Underlying Reference Rate, then the Replacement 
Underlying Reference Rate will remain unchanged. 
The Underlying Reference Rate Determination Agent may be (x) a leading bank, broker-dealer or 
benchmark agent in the principal financial centre of the currency of the relevant rate as appointed by the 
Calculation Agent, (y) the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) or (z) an affiliate of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor (if applicable) or the Calculation Agent. 
If the Underlying Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, is unable 
to or otherwise does not determine a Replacement Underlying Reference Rate, then the Replacement 
Underlying Reference Rate, shall be equal to the last Underlying Reference Rate available on the Screen 
Page Underlying Reference Rate, plus or minus (as appropriate) the Underlying Margin (if any), as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
4. 
Determination of Underlying Interest Rate 
The Calculation Agent will, on or as soon as practicable after each date on which the Underlying Interest 
Rate is to be determined, which if the Securities are Hybrid Securities and Hybrid Business Day is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, will be deemed to be a Scheduled Trading Day for 
the purposes of determining whether such day is a Hybrid Business Day (the "Underlying Interest 
Determination Date"), determine the Underlying Reference Rate (subject to any Minimum Underlying 
Reference Rate or Maximum Underlying Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms). The 
Calculation Agent will notify the Principal Paying Agent of the Underlying Reference Rate as soon as 
practicable after calculating the same. 
5. 
Minimum and/or Maximum Underlying Reference Rate 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Underlying Reference Rate, then, in the event that 
the Underlying Reference Rate determined in accordance with the provisions of Underlying Interest Rate 
Security Conditions 2 (ISDA Determination) or 3 (Screen Rate Determination) above (as appropriate) is 
less than such Minimum Underlying Reference Rate, the Underlying Reference Rate shall be such 
Minimum Underlying Reference Rate. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Underlying Reference Rate, then, in the event that 
the Underlying Reference Rate determined in accordance with the provisions of Underlying Interest Rate 
Security Conditions 2 (ISDA Determination) or 3 (Screen Rate Determination) above (as appropriate) is 
greater than such Maximum Underlying Reference Rate, the Underlying Reference Rate shall be such 
Maximum Underlying Reference Rate.

--- Page 349 ---
- 349 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1

--- Page 350 ---
- 350 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
ANNEX 12 
 
 
This section is intentionally left blank.

--- Page 351 ---
- 351 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
ANNEX 13 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR OET WARRANTS 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Warrants specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as OET Warrants shall comprise the Security Conditions and the additional Terms 
and Conditions for OET Warrants set out below (the "OET Warrant Conditions"), in each case together with 
any other additional terms and conditions specified in the applicable Final Terms and subject to completion in the 
applicable Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Security Conditions and (ii) the OET 
Warrant Conditions, the OET Warrant Conditions shall prevail. 
1. 
Definitions 
"Automatic Early Expiration Amount" means an amount in the Settlement Currency equal to the 
Automatic Early Expiration Payout set out in the applicable Final Terms. If the Automatic Early 
Expiration Payout is zero, no amount shall be payable on settlement of the Warrant pursuant to OET 
Warrant Condition 2 (Automatic Early Expiration). 
The Automatic Early Expiration Amount shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant 
Settlement Currency half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention; 
"Automatic Early Expiration Event" means that, as determined by the Calculation Agent, at the 
Observation Time(s) on an Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date (the "Relevant Automatic Early 
Expiration Valuation Date"): 
(a) 
with respect to an OET Call Warrant, the Observation Price is less than or equal to the applicable 
Security Threshold; or 
(b) 
with respect to an OET Put Warrant, the Observation Price is greater than or equal to the 
applicable Security Threshold; 
"Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date" means each Relevant Business Day from (and including) 
the Issue Date notwithstanding the occurrence of (in the case of Index OET Warrants, Share OET 
Warrants, ETI OET Warrants or Currency OET Warrants) a Disrupted Day; 
"Capitalised Exercise Price" or "CEPt" means, in respect of a calendar day (dayt), an amount calculated 
as follows and rounded upwards or downwards in accordance with the Capitalised Exercise Price 
Rounding Rule specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
CEPt = CEPt-1 * (1 + Financing Ratet-1)1⁄360 
Except that: 
(a) 
with respect to Share OET Warrants, ETI OET Warrants and Index OET Warrants (where 
dividends on the index Shares (as defined below) are not reinvested in the relevant index), and 
where dayt is an Ex-Dividend Date, the Capitalised Exercise Price will be calculated as follows 
and rounded upwards or downwards in accordance with the Capitalised Exercise Price 
Rounding Rule specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
CEPt = CEPt-1 * (1 + Financing Ratet-1)1⁄360 – Dividend Adjustment Amount 
(b) 
with respect to Rolling Futures Contract Securities, and where dayt is a Futures Rollover Date, 
the Capitalised Exercise Price will be calculated as follows and rounded upwards or downwards 
in accordance with the Capitalised Exercise Price Rounding Rule specified in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
CEPt = CEPt-1 * (1 + Financing Ratet-1)1⁄360 + Futures Rollover Adjustment Amount

--- Page 352 ---
- 352 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
(c) 
with respect to Index OET Call Warrants (where dividends on the Index Shares (as defined 
below) are reinvested in the relevant Index), and where dayt is an Ex-Dividend Date, the 
Capitalised Exercise Price will be calculated as follows and rounded upwards or downwards in 
accordance with the Capitalised Exercise Price Rounding Rule specified in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
CEPt = CEPt-1 * (1 + Financing Ratet-1)1⁄360 + Applicable Withholding Tax 
for the purposes of this definition: 
"Applicable Withholding Tax" means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to 
the taxes deducted or withheld at source by or on behalf of any applicable authority having the 
power to tax in respect of the cash dividends and/or other cash distributions payable in respect 
of the relevant Index Share related to the Ex-Dividend Date pursuant to the applicable double 
taxation treaty or domestic law prevailing at the time of the distribution; 
"CEPt-1" means the Capitalised Exercise Price applicable on dayt-1, provided that the Capitalised 
Exercise Price applicable on the Issue Date shall be equal to the Exercise Price; 
"Dividend Adjustment Amount" means, in respect of an Ex-Dividend Date, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to (i) the sum of the gross cash dividends and/or 
other cash distributions payable in respect of the relevant Underlying Reference (or in the case 
of an Index, in respect of each Index Share) related to such Ex-Dividend Date multiplied by (ii) 
the Dividend Percentage; 
"Dividend Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
provided that the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, may increase such percentage to reflect any imposition of or adjustment to, any taxes 
which are deducted or withheld at source by or on behalf of any applicable authority having the 
power to tax in respect of cash dividends and/or other cash distributions payable in respect of 
the relevant Underlying Reference (or in the case of an Index, in respect of each Index Share). 
If the Dividend Percentage is adjusted as provided herein, the adjusted Dividend Percentage, 
will be notified to Holders in accordance with Security Condition 8 (Notices) as soon as 
reasonably practicable following such adjustment; 
"Exercise Price" means the price specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Financing Ratet-1" means, the Financing Rate applicable on dayt-1; 
"Futures Rollover Adjustment Amount" means an amount, which may be positive or 
negative, calculated by the Calculation Agent representing the cost to the Issuer and/or its 
Affiliates of unwinding its hedging arrangements in the Current Exchange-traded Contract or 
the relevant Futures Contract, as the case may be, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates 
of establishing hedging arrangements in the next Current Exchange-traded Contract or Futures 
Contract, as the case may be, in each case in respect of the relevant Futures Rollover Date, such 
amount to be allocated pro rata amongst the Warrants. 
The Capitalised Exercise Price will be made available (subject to technical failure) during normal 
business hours on any Local Business Day during the term of the OET Warrants, on the OET Website(s) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or such other website as may be notified to the Securityholders; 
"Conversion Rate Final" means, in respect of a day, the rate of exchange (including any rates of 
exchange pursuant to which the relevant rate of exchange is derived) between the currency of the relevant 
Underlying Reference and the Settlement Currency, as specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
on such day; 
"Ex-Dividend Date" means, with respect to a Share, ETI Interest (in respect of which a dividend is paid) 
or share comprising an Index (an "Index Share"), the date on which such Share, ETI Interest or Index 
Share becomes "ex-dividend" as determined by the Calculation Agent;

--- Page 353 ---
- 353 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
"Final Price" means the Settlement Price on the Valuation Date or Optional Settlement Valuation Date, 
as applicable; 
"Final Price Early" means the price of the relevant Underlying Reference, determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the basis of the price obtained by unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements in 
respect of the relevant OET Warrants during the three-hour period immediately following the occurrence 
of the relevant Automatic Early Expiration Event, provided that (i) the Final Price Early in respect of an 
OET Call Warrant will be no lower than the lowest Observation Price and (ii) the Final Price Early in 
respect of an OET Put Warrant will be no greater than the highest Observation Price, in each case 
determined by the Calculation Agent during such three-hour period, or otherwise, during the opening 
hours of the relevant Exchange. With respect to OET Warrants relating to an Index, Share or ETI Interest, 
the above-mentioned three-hour period shall be counted during the opening hours of the relevant 
Exchange. Accordingly, if the period between the occurrence of the Automatic Early Expiration Event 
and the official closing time of the relevant Exchange is less than three hours, then the observation period 
shall extend to the following Relevant Business Day, until a full period of three hours has passed since 
the occurrence of the Automatic Early Expiration Event. With respect to Currency OET Warrants, if a 
period during a Relevant Business Day is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Observation 
Time and the period between the occurrence of the Automatic Early Expiration Event and the end of that 
period is less than the above mentioned three-hour period, then the observation period shall extend to the 
following Relevant Business Day beginning at 8:00 am (CET time) until a full period of three hours has 
passed since the occurrence of the Automatic Early Expiration Event; 
"Financing Rate" means, if applicable, in respect of a calendar day (dayt), the rate calculated as 
Financing Rate Percentage + Interbank Rate 1 – Interbank Rate 2; 
"Financing Rate Percentage" means, in the case of OET Call Warrants, the positive rate and, in the 
case of OET Put Warrants, the negative rate, specified in the applicable Final Terms Provided that the 
Calculation Agent may, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, select an 
alternative rate which must be within the Financing Rate Range; 
"Financing Rate Range" means the range specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Interbank Rate 1" means the offered quotation for the rate which appears on the Interbank Rate 1 
Screen Page at the Interbank Rate 1 Specified Time on dayt as determined by the Calculation Agent 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. In the event that the Interbank Rate 1 
Screen Page is not available or no such offered quotation appears at such time or there has been a 
permanent or indefinite cancellation or cessation of the relevant rate, the Calculation Agent will use, as 
a substitute for the relevant rate, the alternative rate selected by the central bank, reserve bank, monetary 
authority or any similar institution (including any committee or working group thereof) in the jurisdiction 
or region of the currency in which the relevant rate is denominated (each a "Relevant Nominating 
Body"), that is consistent with industry accepted standards, provided that, if two or more alternative rates 
are selected by any Relevant Nominating Body, the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall 
determine which of those alternative rates is most appropriate to preserve the economic features of the 
relevant Securities. If the Calculation Agent is unable to determine such alternative rate, the Calculation 
Agent will determine the Interbank Rate 1 as the rate it determines would have prevailed but for such 
non-availability or other event, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; 
"Interbank Rate 1 Screen Page" means the source specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Interbank Rate 1 Specified Time" means the time specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no 
such time is specified, the customary time as of which the relevant Interbank Rate 1 is published; 
"Interbank Rate 2" means the offered quotation for the rate which appears on the Interbank Rate 2 
Screen Page at the Interbank Rate 2 Specified Time on dayt as determined by the Calculation Agent 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. In the event that the Interbank Rate 2 
Screen Page is not available or no such offered quotation appears, the Calculation Agent will determine 
the Interbank Rate 2 as the rate it determines would have prevailed but for such non-availability or other 
event acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and consistently with industry 
accepted standards;

--- Page 354 ---
- 354 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
"Interbank Rate 2 Screen Page" means the source specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Interbank Rate 2 Specified Time" means the time specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no 
such time is specified, the customary time as of which the relevant Interbank Rate 2 is published; 
"Local Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
Local Business Day Centre(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Observation Price" means the "official level", "opening price", "official close", "closing price", 
"purchase price", "sale price", "last price", "bid price", "asked price", "traded price", "official settlement 
price", "daily settlement price" as specified in the applicable Final Terms, of the Underlying Reference 
published by the Observation Price Source as determined by the Calculation Agent at the Observation 
Time(s); 
"Observation Price Source" means the source specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Observation Time(s)" means the time(s) or period(s) of observation specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Relevant Business Day" means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Exchange 
Business Day (in respect of OET Warrants other than Currency OET Warrants), a Scheduled Trading 
Day (in respect of Currency Securities); 
"Reset Date" means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, each calendar day in the 
period from and excluding the Issue Date to and including the Settlement Date; 
"Security Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. The 
Security Percentage may be adjusted by the Calculation Agent on each Reset Date in order to take into 
account changes in market conditions (including, in particular, volatility), provided that the adjusted 
Security Percentage (a) unless the Security Percentage is equal to zero, falls between the "Minimum 
Security Percentage" and the "Maximum Security Percentage" specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and (b) does not trigger the occurrence of an Automatic Early Expiration Event; 
"Security Threshold" means the amount calculated as follows by the Calculation Agent and rounded 
upwards or downwards in accordance with the Security Threshold Rounding Rule specified in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
in the case of OET Call Warrants, an amount equal to the product, rounded in accordance with 
the Security Threshold Rounding Rule specified in the applicable Final Terms, of (i) the 
Capitalised Exercise Price as at the relevant Reset Date and (ii) one, plus the Security Percentage; 
and 
(b) 
in the case of OET Put Warrants, an amount equal to the product, rounded in accordance with 
the Security Threshold Rounding Rule, (i) of the Capitalised Exercise Price as at the relevant 
Reset Date and (ii) one, minus the Security Percentage. 
The Security Threshold calculated pursuant to the foregoing shall, subject as provided below, be 
published for information purposes only (subject to technical problems) during normal business hours 
on any Local Business Day during the term of the relevant OET Warrants on the OET Website(s) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or such other website as may be notified to the Securityholders. 
The Security Threshold, from time to time, calculated by the Calculation Agent shall prevail over the 
Security Threshold published on the OET Website(s), which is published for information purposes only 
and may subsequently be corrected should the amount published differ from the Security Threshold 
calculated by the Calculation Agent. 
"Settlement Currency" means Euro, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 355 ---
- 355 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
"Underlying Reference" means the relevant Index, Share, ETI Interest, Alternative Currency, Debt 
Instrument or other basis of reference to which the relevant Warrants relate, as specified in the Product 
Specific Provisions of the applicable Final Terms; and 
"Valuation Date" means: 
(a) 
the date designated as such by the Issuer, in its sole and absolute discretion, provided that such 
date is determined by the Issuer and notified to the Securityholders in accordance with Security 
Condition 8 (Notices) at the latest on the tenth (10th) Relevant Business Day preceding the 
contemplated Valuation Date or, if such date is not a Relevant Business Day, the next following 
Relevant Business Day. The provisions of (a)(i), (a)(ii), (a)(iii) or (a)(iv), as applicable, of the 
definition of "Valuation Date" in Security Condition 3 (Definitions) shall apply if any such day 
is a Disrupted Day; or 
(b) 
if Automatic Early Expiration is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and 
an Automatic Early Expiration Event occurs, the Relevant Automatic Early Expiration 
Valuation Date or if such date is not a Relevant Business Day, the next following Relevant 
Business Day, 
in each case, subject to adjustment in accordance with the relevant Conditions. 
If (i) the Issuer designates a date as being the Valuation Date in accordance with these Terms and 
Conditions and (ii) an Automatic Early Expiration Event occurs after such designation but prior to the 
designated Valuation Date, then the Valuation Date shall be deemed to be the Relevant Automatic 
Expiration Valuation Date as determined pursuant to this definition. 
2. 
Automatic Early Expiration 
If "Automatic Early Expiration" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then 
unless previously settled or purchased and cancelled, if an Automatic Early Expiration Event occurs, 
then the Warrants will be automatically settled in whole, but not in part, on the date falling the number 
of Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms following the Valuation Date (the "Automatic 
Early Expiration Date") and the amount payable by the Issuer upon settlement of each Warrant shall 
be an amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early Expiration Amount.

--- Page 356 ---
- 356 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS IN RESPECT OF THE SECURITIES 
"𝐝𝐢𝐯𝐭
𝐠𝐫𝐨𝐬𝐬" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"𝐝𝐢𝐯𝐭
𝒏𝒆𝒕" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"𝒓𝒄𝒕" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"𝒓𝒄𝒕−𝟏" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"𝒓𝒕−𝟏
𝒖
" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"𝒓𝒕−𝟏
𝒖𝒃" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"𝒓𝒕−𝟏
𝒖𝒓" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"2-Way Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(nn); 
"A" is as defined in Security Condition 13.2(c), in Formulas Condition 1.1(ggg), in Formulas Condition 1.1(jjj), 
in ETI Security Condition 6.2(b), in Share Security Condition 5.2(e); 
"a" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(ggg), in Formulas Condition 1.1(jjj); 
"AC Barrier Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"ACT Day" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(s) and in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"ACT(i,i-1)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(s); 
"Act(t-1,t)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"Actual Dividend" is as defined in Share Security Condition 4 (Dividend Event); 
"Actual First Traded Price" is as defined in Index Security Condition 5.1; 
"Additional Digital Coupon Condition" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Additional Disruption Event" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Additional Final Payout 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Additional Final Payout 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Additional Final Payout Weighting" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Additional Final Payout" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Additional Gearing" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Adjusted Bear CV" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Adjusted Bull CV" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Adjustment" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 6.2(a) and in Fund Security Condition 4.2(a); 
"Adjustment Date" is as defined in Security Condition 15(b); 
"Adjustment Factor K" is as defined in Share Security Condition 4 (Dividend Event); 
"Adjustment" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 6.2(a) and Fund Security Condition 4.2(a);

--- Page 357 ---
- 357 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
"Administrator" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"ADR" is as defined in Security Condition 1.1 (Type) and Share Security Condition 9 (Definitions relating to 
GDR/ADR); 
"AES Calculation Period" is as defined in Formulas Condition 2.1(d); 
"AES Day Count Fraction" is as defined in Formulas Condition 2.1(d); 
"AES Event 1 Underlying(s)" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(c); 
"AES Event 2 Underlying(s)" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(c); 
"AES Exit Rate" is as defined in Formulas Condition 2.1(d); 
"AES Knock-out Date" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(c); 
"AES Knock-out" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(c); 
"AES Margin" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(c); 
"AES Range Level" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(c); 
"AES Range Level 1" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(c); 
"AES Range Level 2" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(c); 
"AES Rate(s)" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(c); 
"AES Reference Rate" is as defined in Formulas Condition 2.1(d); 
"AES Settlement Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 2.1(d); 
"AES Settlement Percentage 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 2.1(d); 
"AES Settlement Percentage 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 2.1(d); 
"AES up Rate" is as defined in Formulas Condition 2.1(d); 
"AF" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"AF(t)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(s); 
"Affected Basket Company" is as defined in Share Security Condition 5.2(e); 
"Affected Component Security" is as defined in Security Condition 3 (Definitions) under the definition of Strike 
Date and the definition of Valuation Date; 
"Affected ETI" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 6.2(b); 
"Affected ETI Interest" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 6.2(b); 
"Affected Exchange-traded Contract" is as defined in Debt Security Condition 9(b) and in Currency Security 
Condition 8(b); 
"Affected Fund" is as defined in Fund Security Condition 4.2(b)(i);

--- Page 358 ---
- 358 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
"Affected Item" is as defined in Security Condition 3 (Definitions) under the definition of Averaging Date, Strike 
Date, Valuation Date Valuation Date; 
"Affected Relevant Assets" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Affected Share" is as defined in Security Condition 13.2(c) and Share Security Condition 5.2(e); 
"Alternate Cash Amount" is as defined in Security Condition 4.5 (Issuer's Option to Substitute Assets or to pay 
the Alternate Cash Amount); 
"Alternative Currency" is as defined in Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Annex" is as defined in the first paragraph of the Terms and Conditions of Securities; 
"Annexes" is as defined in the first paragraph of the Terms and Conditions of Securities; 
"Applicable Banking Regulations" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Applicable Withholding Tax" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(s) and in OET Warrant Condition 1 
(Definitions); 
"AUM Level" is as defined in Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Automatic Early Expiration Amount" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(c) and in OET Warrant 
Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Automatic Early Expiration Date" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(c) and in OET Warrant Condition 
2 (Automatic Early Expiration); 
"Automatic Early Expiration Event 1" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(c); 
"Automatic Early Expiration Event 2" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(c); 
"Automatic Early Expiration Event" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(c) and in OET Warrant Condition 
1 (Definitions); 
"Automatic Early Expiration Level 1" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(c); 
"Automatic Early Expiration Level 2" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(c); 
"Automatic Early Expiration Level" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(c); 
"AES Range Level" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(c); 
"AES Range Level 1" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(c); 
"AES Range Level 2" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(c); 
"Automatic Early Expiration Payout" is as defined in Formulas Condition 2.1 (Automatic Early Expiration 
Payouts Formulas); 
"Automatic Early Expiration Percentage(s)" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(c); 
"Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(c) and OET Warrant 
Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Period" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(c); 
"Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Time" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(c);

--- Page 359 ---
- 359 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
"Automatic Payout Switch Event" is as defined in Security Condition 19.1; 
"Automatic Payout Switch Level" is as defined in Security Condition 19.1; 
"Average Basket Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.4(b); 
"Average Best Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.4(b); 
"Average Rainbow Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.4(b); 
"Average Underlying Reference TOM Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.4(a); 
"Average Underlying Reference Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.4(a); 
"Average Worst Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.4(b); 
"Averaging Date" is as defined in Security Condition 3 (Definitions), in Currency Security Condition 1 
(Definitions) and in Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Averaging" is as defined in Security Condition 1.1(ii) (Type); 
"B" is as defined in Security Condition 13.2(c), in Formulas Condition 1.1(ggg), in Share Security Condition 
5.2(e), in ETI Security Condition 6.2(b); 
"b" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(ggg); 
"Barrier Condition" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Barrier Level" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Barrier Percentage Strike Price" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Barrier Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Barrier Range Level" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Base Currency" is as defined in Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Base Level" is as defined in Inflation Index Security Condition 2.1(b); 
"Basket Companies" is as defined in Share Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Basket Company" is as defined in Share Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and Share Security Condition 5.2(e); 
"Basket ESt" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"Basket ESt-1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"Basket Level0" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"Basket of Futures" is as defined in Futures Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Basket of Indices" is as defined in Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Basket of Shares" is as defined in Share Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Basket of Underlying References" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(c); 
"Basket Price 1" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(c);

--- Page 360 ---
- 360 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
"Basket Price 2" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(c); 
"Basket Price" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(c); 
"Basket Trigger Event" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and Fund Security Condition 1 
(Definitions); 
"Basket Trigger Level" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and Fund Security Condition 1 
(Definitions); 
"Basket" is as defined in Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Basket Performance" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(c); 
"Basket Performance Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(c); 
"Basket Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(c); 
"BasketES0" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"BasketESt" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"BasketESt-1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"Baskett" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"Baskett-1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"Baskett-st*" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"Bear CV0" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Bear CVt" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Bear CVt-1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Bear Warrant Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Benchmark" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Best Intraday Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(c); 
"Best Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(c); 
"BestLockValue(i)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(rr); 
"Best-Performing Underlying Reference Closing Price Value(i)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 6.1(b); 
"Beta 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(kk); 
"Beta 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(kk); 
"Bonus Coupon" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Bonus Floor Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Bonus Level" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions);

--- Page 361 ---
- 361 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
"Bonus Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"BRRD" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Bull Warrant Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Bull CV0" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Bull CVt" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Bull CVt-1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Business Day" is as defined in Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"C" is as defined in Security Condition 13.2(c), Share Security Condition 5.2(e), in ETI Security Condition 6.2(b); 
"Calculated Additional Disruption Amount Determination Date" is as defined in Security Condition 
13.2(b)(ii); 
"Calculated Additional Disruption Amount" is as defined in Security Condition 13.2(b)(ii); 
"Calculated Currency Disruption Amount Determination Date" is as defined in Currency Security Condition 
3(b)(ii); 
"Calculated Currency Disruption Amount" is as defined in Currency Security Condition 3(b)(ii); 
"Calculated Extraordinary Event Amount" is as defined in Share Security Condition 5.2(c)(ii); 
"Calculated Extraordinary Event Amount Determination Date" is as defined in Share Security Condition 
5.2(c)(ii); 
"Calculated Futures Adjustment Amount" is as defined in Futures Security Condition 3.1(b)(ii); 
"Calculated Futures Adjustment Amount Determination Date" is as defined in Futures Security Condition 
3.1(b)(ii); 
"Calculated Index Adjustment Amount Determination Date" is as defined in Index Security Condition 
3.2(c)(ii); 
"Calculated Index Adjustment Amount" is as defined in Index Security Condition 3.2(c)(ii); 
"Calculation Agent" is as defined in Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Calculation Currency" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Calculation Date" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(c), ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions), Fund 
Security Condition 1 (Definitions), and Formulas Condition 1.1(iii) 
"Calculation Period" is as defined in Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Calculation Timet" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Calculation Timet-1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Call" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(ll), in Formulas Condition 1.1(mm), in Formulas Condition 
1.1(oo)(i), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(iv), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(v), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(i), 
in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(iii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(x), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(xi), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(uu)(v) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(uu)(vi);

--- Page 362 ---
- 362 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
"Call 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(nn), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(ii), in Formulas Condition 
1.1(oo)(iii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(vii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(ii), in Formulas Condition 
1.1(tt)(iv) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(uu)(vii); 
"Call 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(nn), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(ii), in Formulas Condition 
1.1(oo)(iii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(vii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(ii), in Formulas Condition 
1.1(tt)(iv) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(uu)(vii); 
"Call 3" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(uu)(vii); 
"Call Option Condition Exercise Notice" is as defined in Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Call Option Exercise Notice Period" is as defined in Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Call Option" is as defined in Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Call Spread" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(ll), in Formulas Condition 1.1(mm), in Formulas Condition 
1.1(oo)(i), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(iv), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(v), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(i), 
in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(iii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(x), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(xi), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(uu)(v) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(uu)(vi); 
"Call Spread 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(nn), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(ii), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(oo)(iii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(vii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(ii), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(tt)(iv) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(uu)(vii); 
"Call Spread 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(nn), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(ii), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(oo)(iii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(vii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(ii), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(tt)(iv) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(uu)(vii); 
"Call Spread 3" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(uu)(vii); 
"Call Spread(n)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(uu)(ii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(ddd) and in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(eee); 
"Call Spread(j)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(ddd) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(eee); 
"Call(n)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(ii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(ccc) and in Formulas Condition 
1.1(ddd); 
"Call(j)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(ddd) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(eee); 
"Cancellation Event" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Cap Level" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions) and in Share Security 
Condition 4 (Dividend Event); 
"Cap Percentage 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Cap Percentage 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Cap Percentage 3" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Cap Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Cap" is as defined in Security Condition 3 (Definitions) and in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas 
Definitions); 
"Capitalised Exercise Price" or "CEPt" is as defined in OET Warrant Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Cash Dividend Amount" is as defined in Share Security Condition 7 (Dividend Payment);

--- Page 363 ---
- 363 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
"Cash Dividend Notice" is as defined in Share Security Condition 7(b); 
"Cash Dividend Payment Date" is as defined in Share Security Condition 7 (Dividend Payment); 
"Cash Dividend" is as defined in Share Security Condition 7 (Dividend Payment); 
"Cash Settled Securities" is as defined in Security Condition 1.1(i) (Type); 
"Cash Settled Warrants" is as defined in Security Condition 17 (Type); 
"Cash Settlement Amount" is as defined in Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Centralised Custodian" is as defined in Security Condition 1.3 (Transfers of Securities); 
"CEPt-1" is as defined in OET Warrant Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Cert(t0)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(s); 
"Change in Law" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Clearance System Days" is as defined in Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions), Share Security Condition 1 
(Definitions), ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions), Debt Security Condition 11 (Definitions) and Futures 
Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Clearance System" is as defined in Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions), Share Security Condition 1 
(Definitions), ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions), Debt Security Condition 11 (Definitions) and Futures 
Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Clearing System" is as defined in Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Clearstream, Luxembourg" is as defined in Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Closing Level" is as defined in Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Closing Price" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions), in Share Security Condition 1 
(Definitions); 
"Commencement Date" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Component Security Index" is as defined in Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Component Security" is as defined in Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Component" is as defined in Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Composite Index" is as defined in Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Constant A" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Constant AES Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 2.1(c); 
"Constant B" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Constant Mixed Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions), in 
Formulas Condition 1.1(fff), and in Formulas Condition 1.1(hhh); 
"Constant Percentage 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Constant Percentage 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions);

--- Page 364 ---
- 364 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
"Constant Percentage 3" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Constant Percentage 4" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Constant Percentage 5" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Constant Percentage 6" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Constant Percentage 7" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Constant Percentage 8" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Constant Percentage 9" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Constant Percentage 10" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Constant Percentage 11" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions), 
"Constant Percentage 12" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions), 
"Constant Percentage 13" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions), 
"Constant Percentage 14" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions), 
"Constant Percentage 15" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions), 
"Constant Percentage 16" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions), 
"Constant Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Constant Percentagen" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(ii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(ccc) and in 
Formulas Condition 1.1(ddd); 
"Constant Percentagej" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(ccc) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(ddd); 
"Constant TAES Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 2.1(f); 
"Conversion Event" is as defined in Share Security Condition 9 (Definitions relating to GDR/ADR); 
"Conversion Rate Final" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Conversion Rate" is as defined in OET Warrant Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Coupon Airbag Percentage 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Coupon Airbag Percentage 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Coupon Airbag Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Coupon Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Coupon Weighting" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"CSR Event" is as defined in Share Security Condition 5.1; 
"Cum Reference Price" is as defined in Share Security Condition 4 (Dividend Event); 
"Cumulative Inflation Rate" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Currency Event" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions);

--- Page 365 ---
- 365 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
"Currency Pair" is as defined in Currency Security Condition 5 (Futures Price Valuation); 
"Currency Securities" is as defined in Security Condition 1.1 (Type); 
"Currency Security Conditions" is as defined in the first paragraph of Annex 8 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Currency Securities); 
"Current Exchange-traded Contract" is as defined in Index Security Condition 5.1, Currency Security 
Condition 5 (Futures Price Valuation), and in Debt Security Condition 6 (Futures Price Valutation); 
"Cut-Off Date" is as defined in Inflation Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Cut-off Time" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Daily Settlement Price Correction Period" is as defined in Currency Security Condition 5 (Futures Price 
Valuation) and in Debt Security Condition 11 (Definitions); 
"Daily Settlement Price" is as defined in Currency Security Condition 5 (Futures Price Valuation) and in Debt 
Security Condition 6 (Futures Price Valutation); 
"Day Count Fraction" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(c) and Formulas Condition 1.1(iii); 
"DC Barrier Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"DCF" is as defined in Formulas Condition 2.1(d); 
"Debt Instrument Correction Period" is as defined in Debt Security Condition 11 (Definitions); 
"Debt Instrument Issuer" is as defined in Debt Security Condition 11 (Definitions); 
"Debt Instrument Redemption Event" is as defined in Debt Security Condition 5 (Redemption or Cancellation 
of a Debt Instrument); 
"Debt Instruments" is as defined in Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Debt Securities" is as defined in Security Condition 1.1 (Type); 
"Deed of Covenant" is as defined in the fourth paragraph of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities; 
"Deed Poll" is as defined in Security Condition 11.1(a)(ii); 
"Deed of Guarantee" is as defined in the third paragraph of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities; 
"Definitive Securities" is as defined in Security Condition 1.3 (Transfers of Securities) 
"Delayed Index Level Event" is as defined in Inflation Index Security Conditions 1 (Definitions); 
"Delayed Payment Cut-off Date" is as defined in Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Delayed Payment Notice" is as defined in Fund Security Condition 5 (Settlement Date/Automatic Early 
Expiration Date/Termination Date Extension); 
"De-Listing" is as defined in Share Security Condition 5.1; 
"Designated Maturity" is as defined in Underlying Interest Rate Security Condition 2 (ISDA Determination); 
"Digital Cap Percentage 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Digital Cap Percentage 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions);

--- Page 366 ---
- 366 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
"Double Digital Coupon Condition 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Double Digital Coupon Condition 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Digital Floor Percentage 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Digital Floor Percentage 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Digital Plus Percentage 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Digital Plus Percentage 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definition); 
"Dispersion Value(k)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(ss); 
"Dispute" is as defined in Security Condition 12(b); 
"Disqualified Transferee" is as defined in Security Condition 1.3 (Transfers of Securities); 
"Disrupted Amount" is as defined in Security Condition 4.6(v); 
"Disrupted Day" is as defined in Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions), in Share Security Condition 1 
(Definitions), in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions) in Debt Security Condition 11 (Definitions), in Currency 
Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and in Futures Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Disrupted Level Day" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"Disrupted Settlement Date" is as defined in Security Condition 4.6(v); 
"Disruption Fallback" is as defined in Currency Security Condition 3 (Consequences of a Disruption Event); 
"Distributed Amount" is as defined in Share Security Condition 7 (Dividend Payment); 
"Div Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(s); 
"div reinvested factor(t)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(s); 
"Dividend Adjustment Amount" is as defined in OET Warrant Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Dividend Date" is as defined in Share Security Condition 7 (Dividend Payment); 
"Dividend Event" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and in Share Security Condition 4 
(Dividend Event); 
"Dividend Expenses" is as defined in Share Security Condition 7 (Dividend Payment); 
"Dividend Percentage" is as defined in OET Warrant Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Down Call Spread" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(ww), in Formulas Condition 1.1(xx), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(yy), in Formulas Condition 1.1(zz), in Formulas Condition 1.1(aaa), in Formulas Condition 
1.1(bbb); 
"Down Call" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(ww), in Formulas Condition 1.1(xx), in Formulas Condition 
1.1(yy), in Formulas Condition 1.1(zz), in Formulas Condition 1.1(aaa), in Formulas Condition 1.1(bbb); 
"Down Cap Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Down Final Settlement Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Down Floor Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions);

--- Page 367 ---
- 367 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
"Down Forward" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(ww), in Formulas Condition 1.1(xx), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(yy), in Formulas Condition 1.1(zz), in Formulas Condition 1.1(aaa), in Formulas Condition 
1.1(bbb); 
"Down Put Spread" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(ww), in Formulas Condition 1.1(xx), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(yy), in Formulas Condition 1.1(zz), in Formulas Condition 1.1(aaa), in Formulas Condition 
1.1(bbb); 
"Down Put" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(ww), in Formulas Condition 1.1(xx), in Formulas Condition 
1.1(yy), in Formulas Condition 1.1(zz), in Formulas Condition 1.1(aaa), in Formulas Condition 1.1(bbb); 
"Down Strike Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Downside Participation Factor" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Dual Exchange Rate" is as defined in Currency Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Early Closure" is as defined in Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions), Share Security Condition 1 
(Definitions), ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and Futures Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Early Expiration Entitlement" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(c); 
"EDS 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(nn), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(ii), in Formulas Condition 
1.1(oo)(iii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(vii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(ii), in Formulas Condition 
1.1(tt)(iv) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(vii); 
"EDS 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(nn), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(ii), in Formulas Condition 
1.1(oo)(iii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(vii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(ii), in Formulas Condition 
1.1(tt)(iv) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(vii); 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(nn), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(ii), in 
Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(iii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(vii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(ii), in 
Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(iv) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(vii); 
"EDS Barrier Percentage 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(nn), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(ii), in 
Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(iii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(vii) in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(ii), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(tt)(iv) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(vii); 
"EDS Barrier Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(ll), in Formulas Condition 1.1(mm), in 
Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(v) and in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"EDS Percentage 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(nn), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(ii), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(oo)(iii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(vii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(ii), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(tt)(iv) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(vii); 
"EDS Percentage 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(nn), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(ii), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(oo)(iii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(vii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(ii), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(tt)(iv) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(vii); 
"EDS Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(ll), in Formulas Condition 1.1(mm), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(oo)(i), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(ii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(iii), in Formulas Condition 
1.1(oo)(iv), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(i), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(iii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(v), 
in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(x), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(xi), in Formulas Condition 1.1(uu)(v) and in 
Formulas Condition 1.1(uu)(vi); 
"EDS" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(ll), in Formulas Condition 1.1(mm), in Formulas Condition 
1.1(oo)(i), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(ii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(iii), in Formulas Condition 
1.1(oo)(iv), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(i), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(iii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(v), 
in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(x), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(xi), in Formulas Condition 1.1(uu)(v) and in 
Formulas Condition 1.1(uu)(vi);

--- Page 368 ---
- 368 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
"EDS(n)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(ii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(ccc) and in Formulas Condition 
1.1(ddd); 
"EDS(j)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(ccc) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(ddd); 
"Entitlement Amount" is as defined in Security Condition 3 (Definitions) and in Formulas Condition 6.1 
(Entitlement Amount Formulas); 
"Entitlement Multiplier" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(c); 
"Entitlement Units" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(c); 
"Entitlement" is as defined in Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Entity" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and in Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"ES Cap Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 2.1(d); 
"ES Constant Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 2.1(d); 
"essential characteristics" is as defined in Security Condition 4.7 (General); 
"ES Floor Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 2.1(d); 
"ES Gearing" is as defined in Formulas Condition 2.1(d); 
"ES Spread" is as defined in Formulas Condition 2.1(d); 
"ES Strike Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 2.1(d); 
"ES Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 2.1(d); 
"Established Rate" is as defined in Security Condition 15(b); 
"ETI Basket" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"ETI Documents" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"ETI Interest Correction Period" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"ETI Interest" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 6.2(b); 
"ETI Interest(s)" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"ETI OET Warrant" is as defined in Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"ETI Related Party" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"ETI Securities" is as defined in Security Condition 1.1 (Type); 
"ETI" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and in ETI Security Condition 6.2(b); 
"EU Benchmarks Regulation" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"euro" or "€" is as defined in Security Condition 15(b); 
"Euroclear" is as defined in Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"EuroTLX" is as defined in Security Condition 3 (Definitions);

--- Page 369 ---
- 369 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
"Exchange Business Day (All ETI Interests Basis)" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Exchange Business Day (All Futures Basis)" is as defined in Futures Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Exchange Business Day (All Indices Basis)" is as defined in Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Exchange Business Day (All Shares Basis)" is as defined in Share Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Exchange Business Day (Per ETI Interest Basis)" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Exchange Business Day (Per Future Basis)" is as defined in Futures Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Exchange Business Day (Per Index Basis)" is as defined in Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Exchange Business Day (Per Share Basis)" is as defined in Share Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Exchange Business Day (Single ETI Interest Basis)" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Exchange Business Day (Single Future Basis)" is as defined in Futures Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Exchange Business Day (Single Index Basis)" is as defined in Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Exchange Business Day (Single Share Basis)" is as defined in Share Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Exchange Business Day" is as defined in Futures Security Condition 1 (Definitions), in Currency Security 
Condition 5 (Futures Price Valuation), in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions), in Index Security Condition 1 
(Definitions), in Share Security Condition 1 (Definitions), in Debt Security Condition 2 (Exchange Business Day); 
"Exchange Disruption" is as defined in Futures Security Condition 1 (Definitions), in ETI Security Condition 1 
(Definitions), in Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions), in Share Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Exchange Rate Final" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Exchange Rate Initial" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Exchange Rate Previous" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(s); 
"Exchange Rate" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Exchange traded instrument" is as defined in Security Condition 1.1 (Type); 
"Exchange" is as defined in Futures Security Condition 1 (Definitions), in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions), 
in Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and in Share Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Exchange-traded Contract" is as defined in Currency Security Condition 5 (Futures Price Valuation), in Debt 
Security Condition 6 (Futures Price Valutation) and in Index Security Condition 5.1; 
"Ex-Dividend Date" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh), in OET Warrant Condition 1 (Definitions), and 
in Share Security Condition 4 (Dividend Event); 
"Ex-Dividend Date" is as defined in Share Security Condition 4 (Dividend Event); 
"Exempt Securities" is as defined in the second paragraph of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities; 
"Exercise Business Day" is as defined in Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Exercise Date" is as defined in Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Exercise Price" is as defined in Security Condition 3 (Definitions) and in OET Warrant Condition 1 
(Definitions);

--- Page 370 ---
- 370 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
"Expenses" is as defined in Security Condition 9(a); 
"Express Amount" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Extraordinary ETI Event Effective Date" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Extraordinary ETI Event Notice" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 6.1; 
"Extraordinary ETI Event Notification Date" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 6.1; 
"Extraordinary ETI Event" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 4 (Extraordinary ETI Events); 
"Extraordinary Event Effective Date" is as defined in Share Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Extraordinary Event" is as defined in Share Security Condition 5.1; 
"Extraordinary External Event" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Extraordinary Fund Event Effective Date" is as defined in Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Extraordinary Fund Event Notice" is as defined in Fund Security Condition 4.1; 
"Extraordinary Fund Event Notification Date" is as defined in Fund Security Condition 4.1; 
"Extraordinary Fund Event" is as defined in Fund Security Condition 2 (Extraordinary Fund Events); 
"F" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity" is as defined in Security Condition 4.2 (Failure to Deliver due to 
Illiquidity) and Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Failure to Deliver Settlement Price" is as defined in Security Condition 13.2; 
"Fallback Bond" is as defined in Inflation Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"FCt" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Fee Accrual Commencing Date" is as defined in Security Conditions 19.9(c), in Formulas Condition 1.1(kkk); 
"Fee Accrual Date(s)" is as defined in Security Conditions 19.9(c), in Formulas Condition 1.1(kkk); 
"Fee Accrual Period(s)" is as defined in Security Conditions 19.9(c), in Formulas Condition 1.1(kkk); 
"Fee ISDA Rate" is as defined in Security Conditions 19.9(c), in Formulas Condition 1.1(kkk); 
"Fee Margin" is as defined in Security Conditions 19.9(c), in Formulas Condition 1.1(kkk); 
"Fee Range" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Fee" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Fees Accrued" is as defined in Security Conditions 19.9(c), in Formulas Condition 1.1(kkk); 
"fees factor(t)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(s); 
"fees" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(s); 
"Feest" is as defined in Security Conditions 19.9(c), in Formulas Condition 1.1(kkk); 
"FI Basket 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions);

--- Page 371 ---
- 371 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
"FI Basket 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FI Constant Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FI Constant Percentage 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FI DC Barrier Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FI Digital Cap Condition" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FI Digital Cap Level" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FI Digital Floor Condition" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FI Digital Floor Level" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FI Digital Plus Condition" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FI Digital Plus Level" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FI Digital Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FI Lower Barrier Level 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FI Lower Barrier Level" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FI Rate A" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FI Rate B" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FI Rate" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FI Remuneration Valuation Date" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FI Settlement Valuation Date" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FI Upper Barrier Level 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FI Upper Barrier Level" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FI Valuation Date" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Final Calculation Date" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and in Fund Security Condition 
1 (Definitions); 
"Final Level 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(cc) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(dd); 
"Final Level 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(cc) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(dd); 
"Final Level" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(aa), in Formulas Condition 1.1(bb) and in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(ff); 
"Final Payout" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1 (Final Payout Formulas); 
"Final Price Early" is as defined in OET Warrant Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Final Price" is as defined in OET Warrant Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Final Reference Level" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions);

--- Page 372 ---
- 372 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
"Final Remuneration Period" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Final Remuneration Rate" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definition); 
"Final Settlement Condition 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Final Settlement Condition 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Final Settlement Condition Level 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Final Settlement Condition Level" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Final Settlement Condition Level" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Final Settlement Condition" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Final Settlement Price" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Final Settlement Range Level" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Final Settlement Value 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Final Settlement Value 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Final Settlement Value 3" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Final Settlement Value 4" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Final Settlement Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Final Settlement Value(i)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(qq)(i) and 1.1(qq)(ii); 
"Final Settlement Value(j)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(ccc) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(ddd); 
"Final Settlement Value(n)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(ii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(ccc) and 
in Formulas Condition 1.1(ddd); 
"Final terms" is as defined in the sixth paragraph of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities; 
"Financing Component(t)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Financing Rate Percentage" is as defined in OET Warrant Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Financing Rate Range" is as defined in OET Warrant Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Financing Rate" is as defined in OET Warrant Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Financing Ratet-1" is as defined in OET Warrant Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"First Calculation Date" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(c), in Formulas Condition 1.1(kkk); 
"First Entity" is as defined in Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"First Settlement Currency" is as defined in Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"First Traded Price" is as defined in Index Security Condition 5.1; 
"First Valuation Date" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(s); 
"Fiscal Agent" is as defined in the fourth paragraph of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities;

--- Page 373 ---
- 373 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
"Fixed Income Automatic Early Expiration Payouts" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas 
Definitions); 
"Fixed Income Final Payouts" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Fixed Income Payouts" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Fixed Income Remuneration Rates" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Fixed Percentage 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(vi), 1.1(tt)(vii), 1.1(tt)(viii), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(tt)(ix), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(x), in Formulas Condition 1.1(ddd) and in Formulas Condition 
1.1(eee); 
"Fixed Percentage 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(vi), 1.1(tt)(vii), 1.1(tt)(viii), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(tt)(ix), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(x), in Formulas Condition 1.1(ddd) and in Formulas Condition 
1.1(eee); 
"Fixed Percentage 3" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(vi), 1.1(tt)(vii), and in Formulas Condition 
1.1(tt)(viii); 
"Fixed Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(kkk) and in Formulas Condition 7 (General 
Formulas Definitions); 
"Fixing Date" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(kkk), in Security Condition 19.9(c); 
"Floating Rate Option" is as defined in Underlying Interest Rate Security Condition 2 (ISDA Determination); 
"Floating Rate" is as defined in Underlying Interest Rate Security Condition 2 (ISDA Determination); 
"Floor Level" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(v); 
"Floor Percentage 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Floor Percentage 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Floor Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Floor Percentage(n)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(uu)(ii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(ddd) and in 
Formulas Condition 1.1(eee); 
"Floor Percentage(j)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(ddd) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(eee); 
"Floor" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Formula Constituent" is as defined in Formulas Condition 10 (Formulas Constituents And Completion); 
"Formula" is as defined in Formulas Condition 10 (Formulas Constituents And Completion); 
"Forward 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(nn), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(vii), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(tt)(ii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(iv) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(vii); 
"Forward 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(nn), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(vii), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(tt)(ii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(iv) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(vii); 
"Forward" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(ll), in Formulas Condition 1.1(mm), in Formulas Condition 
1.1(oo)(i), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(ii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(iii), in Formulas Condition 
1.1(oo)(iv), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(i), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(iii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(v), 
in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(x), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(xi), in Formulas Condition 1.1(uu)(v) and in 
Formulas Condition 1.1(uu)(vi);

--- Page 374 ---
- 374 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
"Forward(n)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(ii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(ccc) and in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(ddd); 
"Forward(j)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(ccc) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(ddd); 
"freely tradable" is as defined in Security Condition 4.5 (Issuer's Option to Substitute Assets or to pay the 
Alternate Cash Amount); 
"FS Barrier Value 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FS Barrier Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FS Cap Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FS Constant Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FS CSN Rate" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FS Day Count Fraction" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FS Exit Rate" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FS Floor Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FS Gearing" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FS Rate" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FS Spread" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FS Strike Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FS Up Rate" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FS Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Fund Basket" is as defined in Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Fund Business Day (All Fund Shares Basis)" is as defined in Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Fund Business Day (Per Fund Share Basis)" is as defined in Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Fund Business Day (Single Fund Share Basis)" is as defined in Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Fund Business Day" is as defined in Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Fund Documents" is as defined in Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Fund Level0" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(iii), in Security Condition 19.9(c); 
"Fund Levelt" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(iii), in Security Condition 19.9(c); 
"Fund Securities" is as defined in Security Condition 1.1 (Type); 
"Fund Security Conditions" is as defined in the first paragraph of Annex 9 (Additional Terms And Conditions 
For Fund Securities); 
"Fund Service Provider" is as defined in Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Fund Share(s)" is as defined in Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions);

--- Page 375 ---
- 375 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
"Fund Valuation Date" is as defined in Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Fund" is as defined in Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Future" is as defined in Futures Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Futures Adjustment Event" is as defined in Futures Security Condition 3.1 (Futures Modification, Futures 
Replacement or Futures De-Listing); 
"Futures Correction Period" is as defined in Futures Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Futures De-Listing" is as defined in Futures Security Condition 3.1 (Futures Modification, Futures Replacement 
or Futures De-Listing); 
"Futures Modification" is as defined in Futures Security Condition 3.1 (Futures Modification, Futures 
Replacement or Futures De-Listing); 
"Futures or Options Exchange" is as defined in Currency Security Condition 5 (Futures Price Valuation), in 
Debt Security Condition 6 (Futures Price Valutation), in Index Security Condition 5.1; 
"Futures Replacement" is as defined in Futures Security Condition 3.1 (Futures Modification, Futures 
Replacement or Futures De-Listing); 
"Futures Rollover Adjustment Amount" is as defined in OET Warrant Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Futures Rollover Date" is as defined in Currency Security Condition 5 (Futures Price Valuation), in Debt 
Security Condition 6 (Futures Price Valutation) and in Index Security Condition 5.1; 
"Futures Rollover Period" is as defined in Currency Security Condition 5 (Futures Price Valuation), in Debt 
Security Condition 6 (Futures Price Valutation), in Index Security Condition 5.1; 
"Futures Securities" is as defined in Security Condition 1.1 (Type); 
"Futures Security Conditions" is as defined in the first paragraph of Annex 10 (Additional Terms And Conditions 
For Futures Securities); 
"Futures" is as defined in Futures Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"FX Averaging Date" is as defined in Currency Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"FX Coupon Performance Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FX Coupon Performance" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FX Coupon Ranked Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FX Coupon Ranking" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FX Digital Level" is as defined in Currency Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"FX Digital Observation Date" is as defined in Currency Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"FX Final Remuneration Settlement Price" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas 
Definitions); 
"FX Initial Remuneration Settlement Price" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas 
Definitions); 
"FX Knock-in Level" is as defined in Currency Security Condition 1 (Definitions);

--- Page 376 ---
- 376 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
"FX Knock-out Level" is as defined in Currency Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"FX Performance Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FX Ranking" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FX Settlement Disruption Currency" is as defined in Security Condition 4.6(v); 
"FX Settlement Disruption Cut-off Date" is as defined in Security Condition 4.6(ii)(A); 
"FX Settlement Disruption Event" is as defined in Security Condition 4.6(v); 
"FX Settlement Disruption Exchange Rate" is as defined in Security Condition 4.6(v); 
"FX Settlement Disruption Expenses" is as defined in Security Condition 4.6(v); 
"FX Settlement Disruption Notice" is as defined in Security Condition 4.6(i); 
"FX Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(a); 
"FX Weighting" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"FX(i)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 6.1(a), in Formulas Condition 6.1(b), in Formulas Condition 6.1(c); 
"FX(k,i)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 6.1(d); 
"Fx(t)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(s); 
"Fx(t0)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(s); 
"FXR_1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(nnn); 
"FXR_2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(nnn); 
"FXR_n" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(nnn); 
"G" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Gj" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Wi" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"GDR" is as defined Share Security Condition 9 (Definitions relating to GDR/ADR); 
"GDR/ADR" is as defined in Security Condition 1.1 (Type) 
"Gearing 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(nn), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(vii), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(tt)(vii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(uu) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(xx); 
"Gearing 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(nn), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(vii), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(tt)(vii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(uu) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(xx); 
"Gearing 3" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(uu), in Formulas Condition 1.1(vv) and 1.1(xx); 
"Gearing 4" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(xx); 
"Gearing Down 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(aaa) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(bbb); 
"Gearing Down 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(aaa) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(bbb);

--- Page 377 ---
- 377 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
"Gearing Down" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Gearing Up 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(aaa) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(bbb); 
"Gearing Up 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(aaa) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(bbb); 
"Gearing Up" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Gearing" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions),; 
"Gearingn" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(ii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(ccc) and in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(ddd); 
"Gearingj" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(ccc) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(ddd); 
"Generic Percentage(n,1)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(uu)(ii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(ddd) and in 
Formulas Condition 1.1(eee); 
"Generic Percentage(n,2)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(uu)(ii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(ddd) and in 
Formulas Condition 1.1(eee); 
"Generic Percentage(j,1)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(ddd) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(eee); 
"Generic Percentage(j,2)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(ddd) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(eee); 
"Global Cap 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(ddd) and Formulas Condition 1.1(eee); 
"Global Cap 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(ddd) and Formulas Condition 1.1(eee); 
"Global Cap A" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Global Cap B" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Global Cap" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions) and in Formulas Condition 
1.1(tt)(ii); 
"Global Floor 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(ddd) and Formulas Condition 1.1(eee); 
"Global Floor 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(ddd) and Formulas Condition 1.1(eee); 
"Global Floor A" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Global Floor B" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Global Floor Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Global Floor" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions) and in Formulas Condition 
1.1(tt)(ii); 
"Global Margin" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Global Security" is as defined in the ninth paragraph of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities; 
"Government Authority" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Greatest Basket Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.2(b); 
"Greatest Best Intraday Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.2(b); 
"Greatest Best Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.2(b);

--- Page 378 ---
- 378 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
"Greatest Rainbow Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.2(b); 
"Greatest Underlying Reference Intraday Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.2(a); 
"Greatest Underlying Reference Restrike Intraday Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(b); 
"Greatest Underlying Reference Restrike Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(b); 
"Greatest Underlying Reference Value (Basket)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.2(b); 
"Greatest Underlying Reference Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.2(a); 
"Greatest Worst Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.2(b); 
"Gross div(ti)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(s); 
"Guarantee of the Securities" is as defined in the fourth paragraph of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities; 
"Guaranteed Cash Settlement Amount" is as defined in Security Condition 2.2 (Status of Guarantee); 
"Guarantor" is as defined in the third paragraph of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities; 
"hc" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Hedge Provider" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and in Fund Security Condition 1 
(Definitions); 
"Hedge" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1; 
"Hedging Cost" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Hedging Date" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and in Fund Security Condition 1 
(Definitions); 
"Hedging Disruption" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Hedging Liquidity Event" is as defined in Share Security Condition 5.3(a); 
"Hedging Party Default" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Hedging Shares" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions) and ETI Security Condition 1 
(Definitions); 
"holder of Securities" is as defined in Security Condition 1.2 (Title to Securities); 
"Hybrid Business Day" is as defined in Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Hybrid Securities" is as defined in Security Condition 1.1 (Type); 
"Hypothetical Investor" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and Fund Security Condition 1 
(Definitions); 
"i" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"i" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"I" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(eee); 
"Illiquidity Disruption" is as defined in Currency Security Condition 1 (Definitions);

--- Page 379 ---
- 379 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
"Illiquidity" is as defined in Share Security Condition 5.1; 
"Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions) 
and Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Implied Embedded Option Value" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and in Fund Security 
Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Increased Cost of Stock Borrow" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Index Adjustment Event" is as defined in Index Security Condition 3.2 (Modification and Cessation of 
Calculation of an Index); 
"Index Cancellation" is as defined in Inflation Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and Index Security 
Condition 3.2 (Modification and Cessation of Calculation of an Index); 
"Index Correction Period" is as defined in Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Index Disruption" is as defined in Index Security Condition 3.2 (Modification and Cessation of Calculation of 
an Index); 
"Index Modification" is as defined in Inflation Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and in Index Security 
Condition 3.2 (Modification and Cessation of Calculation of an Index); 
"Index Securities" is as defined in Security Condition 1.1 (Type); 
"Index Security Conditions" is as defined in the first paragraph of Annex 2 (Additional Terms And Conditions 
For Index Securities); 
"Index Share" is as defined in OET Warrant Condition 1 (Definitions), in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Index Sponsor" is as defined in Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Index Sponsor" is as defined in Inflation Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Index" is as defined in Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Indices" is as defined in Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Inflation Index Securities" is as defined in Security Condition 1.1 (Type); 
"Inflation Index Security Conditions" is as defined in the first paragraph of Annex 7 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Inflation Index Securities); 
"Inflation Index" is as defined in Inflation Index Security Conditions 1 (Definitions); 
"Inflation Index(base)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Inflation Index(i)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Inflation Index(i-1)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Inflation Indices" is as defined in Inflation Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Inflation Rate" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Initial ACT Day" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e);

--- Page 380 ---
- 380 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
"Initial Calculation Date" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and in Fund Security Condition 
1 (Definitions); 
"Initial Reference Level" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Initial Settlement Price" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Initial Stock Loan Rate" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Initial Valuation Date" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(s); 
"Insolvency Filing" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions) in Share Security Condition 5.1; 
"Insolvency" is as defined in Share Security Conditions 5.1; 
"Interbank Rate 1 Screen Page" is as defined in OET Warrant Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Interbank Rate 1 Specified Time" is as defined in OET Warrant Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Interbank Rate 1" is as defined in OET Warrant Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Interbank Rate 2 Screen Page" is as defined in OET Warrant Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Interbank Rate 2 Specified Time" is as defined in OET Warrant Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Interbank Rate 2" is as defined in OET Warrant Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Interest Margin" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Interests" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Intervening Period" is as defined in Security Condition 4.4 (Intervening Period); 
"Intraday Level" is as defined in Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Intraday Price" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and in Share Security Condition 1 
(Definitions); 
"Investment/AUM Level" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"ISDA Definitions" is as defined in Underlying Interest Rate Security Condition 2 (ISDA Determination); 
"Issue" is as defined in the fourth paragraph of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities; 
"Issue Date" is as defined in Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Issue Price" is as defined in Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Issuer" is as defined in the third paragraph of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities; 
"Italian Dematerialised Securities" is as defined in Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Italian Listed Securities" is as defined in Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Italian Listed Warrants" is as defined in Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Italian Paying Agent" is as defined in the fourth paragraph of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities; 
"Italian Securities Reference Price" is as defined in Share Security Condition 1 (Definitions)

--- Page 381 ---
- 381 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
"Italian Stock Exchange" is as defined in Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"J" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(ccc) and 1.1(ddd); 
"j" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Jurisdiction Event" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"k" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"K" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Knock-in Averaging Date" is as defined in Currency Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Knock-in Determination Day" is as defined in Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in 
Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-in Determination Period" is as defined in Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in 
Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-in Event" is as defined in Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in Event/Knock-out 
Event); 
"Knock-in Level" is as defined in Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in Event/Knock-out 
Event); 
"Knock-in Observation Date" is as defined in Currency Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Knock-in Observation Price Source" is as defined in Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-
in Event/Knock-out Event) 
"Knock-in Period Beginning Date" is as defined in Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in 
Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-in Period Ending Date" is as defined in Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in 
Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-in Range Level" is as defined in Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in Event/Knock-
out Event); 
"Knock-in Valuation Time" is as defined in Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in 
Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-in Value" is as defined in Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in Event/Knock-out 
Event); 
"Knock-out Averaging Date" is as defined in Currency Security Condition 1 (Definitions) 
"Knock-out Determination Day" is as defined in Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in 
Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-out Determination Period" is as defined in Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in 
Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-out Event" is as defined in Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in Event/Knock-out 
Event); 
"Knock-out Level" is as defined in Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in Event/Knock-out 
Event);

--- Page 382 ---
- 382 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
"Knock-out Observation Date" is as defined in Currency Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Knock-out Observation Price Source" is as defined in Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-
in Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-out Period Beginning Date" is as defined in Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in 
Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-out Period Ending Date" is as defined in Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in 
Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-out Range Level" is as defined in Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in 
Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-out Valuation Time" is as defined in Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in 
Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Knock-out Value" is as defined in Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in Event/Knock-out 
Event) 
"L" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Latest Level" is as defined in Inflation Index Security Condition 2.1(b); 
"Level" is as defined in Security Condition 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in Event/Knock-out Event); 
"Levelk,t" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"Levelk,t-1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"Leverage Factor" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Leverage Floating Rate Option Page" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"Leverage Floating Rate Option Time" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"Leverage Floating Rate Option" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"Leverage Floating Rate" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"Leverage Ratet-1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"Leveraged Barrier" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(c); 
"Listing Change" is as defined in Share Security Condition 5.1; 
"Listing Date" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Listing Suspension" is as defined in Share Security Condition 5.1; 
"ln" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"Local Business Day" is as defined in OET Warrant Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Local Cap Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Local Cap Percentage(i)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(qq)(i), 1.1(qq)(ii), 1.1(rr) and in Formulas 
Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Local Cap" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions);

--- Page 383 ---
- 383 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
"Local Currency" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Local Floor Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Local Floor Percentage(i)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(qq)(i), 1.1(qq)(ii), 1.1(rr) and in Formulas 
Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Local Floor" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Loss of Stock Borrow" is as defined in Security Condition 13 (Additional Disruption Events And Optional 
Additional Disruption Events) and ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Loss Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Loss Percentage 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Loss Percentage 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Loss Percentage(n)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(uu)(ii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(ddd) and in 
Formulas Condition 1.1(eee); 
"Loss Percentage(j)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(ccc) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(ddd); 
"Lower Level" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Lowest Basket Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.3(b); 
"Lowest Best Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.3(b); 
"Lowest Rainbow Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.3(b); 
"Lowest Underlying Reference Intraday Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.3(a); 
"Lowest Underlying Reference Restrike Intraday Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(b); 
"Lowest Underlying Reference Restrike Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(b); 
"Lowest Underlying Reference Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.3(a). 
"Lowest Worst Intraday Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.3(b); 
"Lowest Worst Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.3(b); 
"M" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(qq)(i) and 1.1(qq)(ii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(rr) and in Formulas 
Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"m" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Market Disruption Event" is as defined in Index Security Condition 2 (Market Disruption), in Share Security 
Condition 2 (Market Disruption), ETI Security Condition 2 (Market Disruption), Debt Security Condition 3 
(Market Disruption) and Futures Security Condition 2 (Market Disruption); 
"Market Value" is as defined in Security Condition 21.2 (Market Value); 
"Max Exposure" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"Maximum Amount" is as defined in Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" is as defined in Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions);

--- Page 384 ---
- 384 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
"Maximum Hedging Cost" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Maximum Hedging Liquidity Level" is as defined in Share Security Condition 5.3(a); 
"Maximum Interest Margin" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Maximum Payout Amount" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Maximum AES Reference Rate" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(c); 
"Maximum Stock Loan Rate" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions) and ETI Security Condition 
1 (Definitions); 
"Mediobanca International" is as defined in the third paragraph of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities; 
"Mediobanca" is as defined in the third paragraph of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities; 
"MFP Memory Snowball Digital Coupon Condition" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas 
Definitions); 
"Merger Event" is as defined in Share Security Condition 5.1, in Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions), in ETI 
Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"MFP AES Value 1" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(c); 
"MFP AES Value 2" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(c); 
"MFP AES Value" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(c); 
"MFP Automatic Early Expiration Payouts" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas 
Definitions); 
"MFP Coupon Valuation Date" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"MFP Coupon Valuation Period" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"MFP Coupon Valuation Period(i)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"MFP Date Weighting" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"MFP Digital Mixed Coupon Condition" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"MFP Double Digital Mixed Coupon Condition 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas 
Definitions); 
"MFP Double Digital Mixed Coupon Condition 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas 
Definitions); 
"MFP EndDay Valuation Date" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(b); 
"MFP Entitlement Amounts" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"MFP ES Valuation Date" is as defined in Formulas Condition 2.1(d); 
"MFP Final Payout" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"MFP FS Barrier Valuation Date" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"MFP FS Barrier Valuation Period" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions);

--- Page 385 ---
- 385 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
"MFP FS Valuation Date" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"MFP FS Valuation Period" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"MFP Payouts" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"MFP Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Down" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas 
Definitions); 
"MFP Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Up" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas 
Definitions); 
"MFP Range Accrual Coupon Condition" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas 
Definitions); 
"MFP Range Accrual Day" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"MFP Settlement Valuation Date" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"MFP Settlement Valuation Period" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"MFP StartDay Valuation Date" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(b); 
"MFP Valuation Date" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"MFP Valuation Period" is as defined in Formulas Condition 2.1(d) and Formulas Condition 7 (General 
Formulas Definitions); 
"MFP Call Payouts" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"MID" is as defined in Share Security Condition 5.1 under the definition of Illiquidity; 
"Min Exposure" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"Minimum Amount" is as defined in Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Minimum Exercise Number" is as defined in Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Minimum Hedging Cost" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Minimum Interest Margin" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"MinimumAES Reference Rate" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(c); 
"Mixed Barrier Level" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Mixed Barrier Range Level" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Mixed Barrier Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Mixed Constant 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hhh) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(iii); 
"Mixed Constant 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hhh) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(iii); 
"Mixed Gearing 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hhh) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(iii); 
"Mixed Gearing 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hhh) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(iii); 
"Modified Postponement" is as defined in Security Condition 3 (Definitions);

--- Page 386 ---
- 386 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
"Monte Titoli Accountholder" is as defined in Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Moody's" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 4.25 and in Fund Security Condition 2.38; 
"Multi-Exchange Index" is as defined in Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Multiple Underlying Interest Rate Gearing" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(c) and in Formulas 
Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Multiple Underlying Interest Rate" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(c) and in Formulas Condition 7 
(General Formulas Definitions); 
"Multiple Underlying Reference Rate Value" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(c); 
"Multiple Underlying Reference Rate" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(c) and in Formulas Condition 7 
(General Formulas Definitions); 
"Mutual Fund" is as defined in Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"N" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(ddd), in Formulas Condition 1.1(eee) and in Formulas Condition 7 
(General Formulas Definitions); 
"n" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(ii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(ddd), in Formulas Condition 
1.1(eee), in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions) and in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"n(t-1,t)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"NA" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"National Currency Unit" is as defined in Security Condition 15(b); 
"Nationalisation" is as defined in Share Security Condition 5.1; 
"NAV per Fund Share" is as defined in Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"NAV Trigger Event" is as defined in Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"NAV Trigger Percentage" is as defined in Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"NAV Trigger Period" is as defined in Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"nEDs 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(nn), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(vii), in Formulas Condition 
1.1(tt)(ii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(iv) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(vii); 
"nEDS 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(nn), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(vii), in Formulas Condition 
1.1(tt)(ii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(iv) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(vii); 
"nEDS" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(ll), in Formulas Condition 1.1(mm), in Formulas Condition 
1.1(oo)(i), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(ii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(iii), in Formulas Condition 
1.1(oo)(iv), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(i), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(ii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(v), 
in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(x), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(xi), in Formulas Condition 1.1(uu)(v) and in 
Formulas Condition 1.1(uu)(vi); 
"nEDS(n)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(ii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(ccc) and in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(ddd); 
"nEDS(j)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(ccc) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(ddd); 
"nEnd days" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions);

--- Page 387 ---
- 387 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
"Net Proceeds" is as defined in Formulas Condition 2.1(e); 
"Non-Automatic Exercise" is as defined in Security Condition 17 (Type); 
"Non-Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-traded Contract" is as defined in Debt Security 
Condition 6 (Futures Price Valutation), and in Currency Security Condition 5 (Futures Price Valuation), in Index 
Security Condition 5.1; 
"Non-Financial Rating Agency" is as defined in Share Security Condition 5.1; 
"Non-Financial Rating" is as defined in Share Security Condition 5.1; 
"NSkt" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"nStart days" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Number of NAV Publication Days" is as defined in Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Number of Value Publication Days" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Number(k,i)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 6.1(d); 
"Observation Date" is as defined in Security Condition 3 (Definitions), in Currency Security Condition 1 
(Definitions), in Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Observation Period" is as defined in Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Observation Price" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh), and in OET Warrant Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Observation Price Source" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(c), in Formulas Condition 7 (General 
Formulas Definitions), in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh) and in OET Warrant Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Observation Time Period" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Observation Time(s)" is as defined in OET Warrant Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Official Settlement Price" is as defined in Index Security Condition 5.1; 
"Omission" is as defined in Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Open End Warrant" is as defined in Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Option 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(nn), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(ii), in Formulas Condition 
1.1(oo)(iii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(vii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(ii), in Formulas Condition 
1.1(tt)(iv) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(vii); 
"Option 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(nn), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(ii), in Formulas Condition 
1.1(oo)(iii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(vii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(ii), in Formulas Condition 
1.1(tt)(iv) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(vii); 
"Option Down 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(aaa) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(bbb); 
"Option Down 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(aaa) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(bbb); 
"Option Down" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(ww), in Formulas Condition 1.1(xx), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(yy); in Formulas Condition 1.1(zz) 
"Option Up 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(aaa) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(bbb); 
"Option Up 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(aaa) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(bbb);

--- Page 388 ---
- 388 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
"Option Up" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(ww), in Formulas Condition 1.1(xx); in Formulas Condition 
1.1(yy); in Formulas Condition 1.1(zz); 
"Option" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(ll), in Formulas Condition 1.1(mm), in Formulas Condition 
1.1(oo)(i), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(ii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(iii), in Formulas Condition 
1.1(oo)(iv), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(i), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(iii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(v), 
in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(x), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(xi), in Formulas Condition 1.1(uu)(v), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(uu)(vi) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(lll); 
"Optionn" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(ii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(ddd) and in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(eee); 
"Optionj" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(ccc) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(ddd); 
"Optional Additional Disruption Event" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Optionj" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(ccc); 
"Options Exchange" is as defined in Share Security Condition 5.2(d) and in ETI Security Condition 6.2(a)(ii); 
"Original Currency" is as defined in Security Condition 15(a)(ii); 
"Parity" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Participation Factor 1" is as defined in Formulas Conditions 1.1(jj) and 1.1(nn); 
"Participation Factor 2" is as defined in Formulas Conditions 1.1(jj) and 1.1(nn); 
"Participation Factor" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(c), in Formulas Condition 1.1(iii), and in 
Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions), 
"Paying Agency Agreement" is as defined in the fourth paragraph of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities; 
"Payout Currency" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Payout FX Closing Price Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Payout FX Rate Date" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Payout FX Rate Strike Date" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Payout FX Strike Closing Price Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Payout FX Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Payout Switch" is as defined in Security Condition 19.1; 
"Performance of Components" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Performance of Underlying 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Performance of Underlying 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Performance Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Physical Delivery Warrants" is as defined in Security Condition 17 (Type); 
"Physical Delivery Securities" is as defined in Security Condition 1.1(i) (Type); 
"Pk" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e);

--- Page 389 ---
- 389 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
"Postponed Payment Date" is as defined in Fund Security Condition 5 (Settlement Date/Automatic Early 
Expiration Date/Termination Date Extension); 
"Postponed Settlement Date" is as defined in Fund Security Condition 5 (Settlement Date/Automatic Early 
Expiration Date/Termination Date Extension); 
"Postponement" is as defined in Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Potential Adjustment Event Effective Date" is as defined in Share Security Condition 3 (Potential Adjustment 
Event) and in ETI Security Condition 3 (Potential Adjustment Event); 
"Potential Adjustment Event" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 3 (Potential Adjustment Event) and in 
Share Security Condition 3 (Potential Adjustment Event); 
"Premium Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Premium" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Preset" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Price Source Disruption" is as defined in Currency Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Price Source" is as defined in Currency Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Proceedings" is as defined in Security Condition 12(d); 
"Programme" is as defined in the third paragraph of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities; 
"Prospectus Regulation" is as defined in the second paragraph of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities; 
"Protected Amount" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Protection Level" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Put 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(nn), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(vii), in Formulas Condition 
1.1(tt)(ii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(iv) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(vii); 
"Put 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(nn), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(vii), in Formulas Condition 
1.1(tt)(ii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(iv) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(vii); 
"Put Spread 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(nn), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(vii), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(tt)(ii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(iv) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(vii); 
"Put Spread 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(nn), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(vii), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(tt)(ii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(iv) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(vii); 
"Put Spread" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(ll), in Formulas Condition 1.1(mm), 1.1(oo)(i), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(oo)(ii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(iii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(iv), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(tt)(i), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(iii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(v), in Formulas Condition 
1.1(tt)(x), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(xi), in Formulas Condition 1.1(uu)(v) and in Formulas Condition 
1.1(uu)(vi); 
"Put Spread(n)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(uu)(ii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(ddd) and in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(eee); 
"Put Spread(j)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(ddd) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(eee); 
"Put" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(ll), in Formulas Condition 1.1(mm), 1.1(oo)(i), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(oo)(ii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(iii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(iv), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(tt)(i), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(iii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(v), in Formulas Condition

--- Page 390 ---
- 390 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
1.1(tt)(x), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(xi), in Formulas Condition 1.1(uu)(v) and in Formulas Condition 
1.1(uu)(vi); 
"Put(n)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(uu)(ii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(ddd) and in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(eee); 
"Put(j)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(ddd) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(eee); 
"PW" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(ggg); 
"Q" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(fff) and in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"q" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Rainbow Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(c); 
"Range 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(ppp); 
"Range 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(ppp); 
"Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Down 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas 
Definitions); 
"Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Down" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas 
Definitions); 
"Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Up 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas 
Definitions); 
"Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Up" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas 
Definitions); 
"Range Accrual Coupon Condition" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Range Accrual Day" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Range Cut-off Date" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Range nth" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(ppp); 
"Range Period End Date" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Range Period" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Ranked Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(c); 
"Ranking" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(c); 
"Rate 1(i)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Rate 2(i)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Rate Calculation Date" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"Rate Period" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Rate" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Rate(i)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions);

--- Page 391 ---
- 391 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
"Rebased Index" is as defined in Inflation Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and Inflation Index Security 
Condition 4.5 (Rebasing); 
"Redemption Proceeds" is as defined in Fund Security Condition 5 (Settlement Date/Automatic Early Expiration 
Date/Termination Date Extension); 
"Reference Floating Rate Option Page" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh), in Formulas Condition 
8.1(e); 
"Reference Floating Rate Option Time" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh), in Formulas Condition 
8.1(e); 
"Reference Floating Rate Option" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh), in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"Reference Floating Rate" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh), in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"Reference Interest Rate" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Reference Level" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(c), in Formulas Condition 1.1(iii), in Inflation Index 
Security 2.1(b); 
"Reference Level0" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(c), in Formulas Condition 1.1(iii), in Inflation Index 
Security 2.1(b); 
"Reference Month" is as defined in Inflation Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Reference Price" is as defined in Debt Security Condition 11 (Definitions); 
"Reference Ratet-1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"Reference Rate Determination Agent" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(d)(iii); 
"Reference Rate Fallback Event" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(d)(ii); 
"Rejection Event" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Related Bond Redemption Event" is as defined in Inflation Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Related Bond" is as defined in Inflation Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Related Exchange" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions) in Index Security Condition 1 
(Definitions), in Share Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Relative Performance Basket" is as defined in Share Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Relevant Adjustment Provisions" is as defined in Security Conditions 14.7 (Definitions relating to Knock-in 
Event/Knock-out Event), 19.9 (Automatic Early Expiration) and 19.9(c); 
"Relevant Asset" is as defined in Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Relevant Authority" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Relevant Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date" is as defined in OET Warrant Condition 1 
(Definitions); 
"Relevant Basket" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Relevant Basket(i)"is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(rr);

--- Page 392 ---
- 392 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
"Relevant Business Day" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh) and in OET Warrant Condition 1 
(Definitions); 
"Relevant Currency" is as defined in Security Condition 4.6(v); 
"Relevant Event" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 4.20, Fund Security Condition 2.28, 
"Relevant Level" is as defined in Inflation Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions), in Formulas Condition 7 
(General Formulas Definitions); 
"Relevant Observation Time Period" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Relevant Period" is as defined in Share Security Condition 5.1; 
"Replacement Underlying Reference Rate" is as defined in Underlying Interest Rate Security Condition 3 
(Screen Rate Determination); 
"Reset Date" is as defined in OET Warrant Condition 1 (Definitions) and in Underlying Interest Rate Security 
Condition 2 (ISDA Determination); 
"Reset Event Determination Time" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Reset Event" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Reset Price" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Reset Threshold Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Reset Threshold" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Resettable Knock-in Period" is as defined in Currency Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Resettable Knock-out Period" is as defined in Currency Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Resettable Period" is as defined in Currency Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Reverse Level" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Reverse Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"rm" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Rollover Costst" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Rollover Costst-1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"RV" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"S&P" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 4.25 and in Fund Security Condition 2.38; 
"Scheduled Averaging Date" is as defined in Security Condition 3 (Definitions) under the definition of Averaging 
Date; 
"Scheduled Closing Time" is as defined in Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Scheduled Dividend" is as defined in Share Security Condition 4 (Dividend Event); 
"Scheduled Ex-Date" is as defined in Share Security Condition 4 (Dividend Event); 
"Scheduled Trading Day (All ETI Interest Basis)" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions);

--- Page 393 ---
- 393 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
"Scheduled Trading Day (All Futures Basis)" is as defined in Futures Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Scheduled Trading Day (All Indices Basis)" is as defined in Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Scheduled Trading Day (All Shares Basis)" is as defined in Share Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Per ETI Interest Basis)" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Per Future Basis)" is as defined in Futures Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Per Index Basis)" is as defined in Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Per Share Basis)" is as defined in Share Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Single ETI Interest Basis)" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Single Future Basis)" is as defined in Futures Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Single Index Basis)" is as defined in Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Single Share Basis)" is as defined in Share Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Scheduled Trading Day" is as defined in Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions), in Share Security Condition 
1 (Definitions), in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions), in Currency Security Condition 1 (Definitions), in 
Futures Security Condition 1 (Definitions), in Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and in Debt Security 
Condition 11 (Definitions); 
"Screen Page AES Rate" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(d)(i); 
"Screen Page Underlying Reference Rate" is as defined in Underlying Interest Rate Security Condition 3 
(Screen Rate Determination); 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" is as defined in Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Second Settlement Currency" is as defined in Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Securities" is as defined in the third paragraph of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities, 
"Security and Securities" is as defined in the ninth paragraph of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities; 
"Security Conditions" is as defined in the first paragraph of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities; 
"Security Percentage" is as defined in OET Warrant Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Security Threshold" is as defined in OET Warrant Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Security" is as defined in the ninth paragraph of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities; 
"Securities Act" is as defined in Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Securityholder" is as defined in Security Condition 1.2 (Title to Securities); 
"SeDeX" is as defined in Security Condition 3 (Definitions), in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Series" is as defined in the sixth paragraph of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities; 
"Settled Amount" is as defined in Share Security Condition 5.2(b); 
"Settlement Business Day" is as defined in Security Condition 3 (Definitions);

--- Page 394 ---
- 394 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
"Settlement Currency" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh), in OET Warrant Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Settlement Cycle" is as defined in Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions), in Debt Security Condition 11 
(Definitions), in Futures Security Condition 1 (Definitions), in Currency Security Condition 5 (Futures Price 
Valuation), in Share Security Condition 1 (Definitions), and in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Settlement Date" is as defined in Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Settlement Disruption Amount" is as defined in Security Condition 4.1 (Settlement Disruption); 
"Settlement Disruption Event" is as defined in Security Condition 4.1 (Settlement Disruption); 
"Settlement Payout" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Settlement Price Date" is as defined in Currency Security Condition 1 (Definitions), in Fund Security Condition 
1 (Definitions), in Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions), in Share Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Settlement Price Final" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Settlement Price" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh), in Index Security Conditions 1 (Definitions) and 
5.1, in Share Security Condition 1 (Definitions), in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions), in Debt Security 
Condition 1 (Settlement Price) and 6 (Futures Price Valuation), in Inflation Index Security Condition 1 
(Definitions), in Currency Security Condition 4 (Settlement Price) and Currency Security Condition 5 (Futures 
Price Valuation), in Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and in Futures Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Settlement Valuation Date" is as defined in Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"SFP Automatic Early Expiraiton Payouts" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas 
Definitions); 
"SFP Final Payout" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"SFP Payouts" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Share Company" is as defined in Share Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Share Correction Period" is as defined in Share Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Share Event" is as defined in Share Security Condition 11 (Share Event); 
"Share Securities" is as defined in Security Condition 1.1 (Type); 
"Share" is as defined in Share Security Condition 1 (Definitions), in Share Security Condition 5.2(c) and in Fund 
Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Shares" is as defined in Share Security Condition 1 (Definitions) 
"Significant Alteration Event" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Simple Interest" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions), in Fund Security Condition 1 
(Definitions); 
"Single Final Payout - Leverage Factor Securities" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Snowball Barrier Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Snowball Level" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" is as defined in Security Condition 3 (Definitions), ETI Security 
Condition 1 (Definitions), in Currency Security Condition 1 (Definitions);

--- Page 395 ---
- 395 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
"Speed Factor" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Spread Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(ll), in Formulas Condition 1.1(mm), 1.1(oo)(i), and 
in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(iv); 
"Spread" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Spread Percentage 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(nn), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(ii), in 
Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(iii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(vii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(ii), and in 
Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(iv); 
"Spread Percentage 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(nn), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(ii), in 
Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(iii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(vii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(ii) and in 
Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(iv); 
"Spread Percentage(j)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(ddd) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(eee); 
"Spread Percentage(n)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(uu)(ii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(ddd) and in 
Formulas Condition 1.1(eee); 
"Spread(i)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"SRM Regulation" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Standard Collared Asian Call Local Cap" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(qq)(i) and 1.1(qq)(ii); 
"Standard Collared Asian Put Local Cap" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(qq)(i) and 1.1(qq)(ii); 
"Stop-Loss Event" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"Strategy Business Day Centre(s)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"Strategy Business Day" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"Strike Date" is as defined in Security Condition 3 (Definitions), in Inflation Index Security Conditions 1 
(Definitions), in Currency Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and in Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Strike Day" is as defined in Security Condition 3 (Definitions), in Currency Security Condition 1 (Definitions) 
and in Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Strike Level" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Strike Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Strike Percentage 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(nn), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(ii), in 
Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(iii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(vii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(ii), and in 
Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(iv); 
"Strike Percentage 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(nn), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(ii), in 
Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(iii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(oo)(vii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(ii), and in 
Formulas Condition 1.1(tt)(iv); 
"Strike Percentage(i)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(qq)(i) and 1.1(qq)(ii) and in Formulas Condition 
1.1(rr); 
"Strike Percentage(j)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(ddd), in Formulas Condition 1.1(eee); 
"Strike Percentage(n)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(uu)(ii), in Formulas Condition 1.1(ddd) and 
1.1(eee);

--- Page 396 ---
- 396 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
"Strike Period" is as defined in Security Condition 3 (Definitions), in Currency Security Condition 1 
(Definitions); in Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Strike Price" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Substitute Asset" is as defined in Security Condition 4.5 (Issuer's Option to Substitute Assets or to pay the 
Alternate Cash Amount); 
"Substitute ETI Interest" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 6.2(b); 
"Substitute Exchange-traded Contract" is as defined in Currency Security Condition 8(b) and in Debt Security 
Condition 9(b); 
"Substitute Inflation Index Level" is as defined in Inflation Index Security Conditions 1 (Definitions) and 
Inflation Index Security Condition 2 (Delay in Publication); 
"Substitute Inflation" is as defined in Inflation Index Security Conditions 2.1; 
"Substitute Share" is as defined in Security Condition 13.2(c) and Share Security Condition 5.2(e); 
"Substitute" is as defined in Security Condition 11.1(a); 
"Substitution Date" is as defined in Security Condition 13.2, Share Security Condition 5.2(e), ETI Security 
Condition 6.2(b); 
"Substitution" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 6.2(b) and in Fund Security Condition 4.2(b); 
"Successor Index Sponsor" is as defined in Index Security Condition 3.1 (Successor Index Sponsor Calculates 
and Reports an Index); 
"Successor Index" is as defined in Index Security Condition 3.1 (Successor Index Sponsor Calculates and Reports 
an Index); 
"Successor Inflation Index" is as defined in Inflation Index Security Conditions 1 (Definitions) and Inflation 
Index Security Condition 3 (Successor Inflation Index); 
"Suspension/Withdrawal Event" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"T" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"t" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"Target Determination Date" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"TARGET2 Settlement Day" is as defined in Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Target Volatility" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"TARGET2 System" is as defined in Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Tax Event" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 4.18 and in Fund Security Condition 2.26; 
"Tender Offer" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions), in Share Security Condition 5.1 and in 
Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Termination Amount" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and in Fund Security Condition 
1 (Definitions); 
"Termination Date" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and in Fund Security Condition 1 
(Definitions);

--- Page 397 ---
- 397 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
"Termination" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 6.2(c) and Fund Security Condition 4.2(c); 
"Tolerance" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"Trade Date" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions), in Fund Security Condition 1 (Definitions), 
in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Trading Disruption" is as defined in Index Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and in Share Security Condition 
1 (Definitions), ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions) and Futures Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Tranche" is as defined in the sixth paragraph of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities; 
"Treaty" is as defined in Security Condition 15(b); 
"UK Benchmarks Regulation" is as defined in Security Condition 13.1 (Definitions); 
"U(t)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"U(t-1)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"U.S. Volcker Rule" is as defined in Fund Security Condition 2.31; 
"Underlying Interest Determination Date" is as defined in Underlying Interest Rate Security Condition 4 
(Determination of Underlying Interest Rate); 
"Underlying Interest Rate Securities" is as defined in Security Condition 1.1 (Type); 
"Underlying ISDA Rate" is as defined in Underlying Interest Rate Security Condition 2 (ISDA Determination); 
"Underlying Price(t)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Underlying Price(t-1)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh); 
"Underlying Reference 1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Underlying Reference 2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Underlying Reference Closing Price Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 6.1(c) and 8.1(a); 
"Underlying Reference Closing Price Value(k,i)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 6.1(d); 
"Underlying Reference Closing Price Value Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(a); 
"Underlying Reference Closing Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Underlying Reference EndDay Closing Price Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(b); 
"Underlying Reference FX Level" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(a); 
"Underlying Reference FX Strike Level" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(a); 
"Underlying Reference Intraday Performance" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(b): 
"Underlying Reference Intraday Performance Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(b): 
"Underlying Reference Intraday Price Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(b): 
"Underlying Reference Intraday Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(b); 
"Underlying Reference Level 1" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(c);

--- Page 398 ---
- 398 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
"Underlying Reference Level 2" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(c); 
"Underlying Reference Level" is as defined in Security Condition 19.9(c) and in Formulas Condition 7 (General 
Formulas Definitions); 
"Underlying Reference Performance" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(b); 
"Underlying Reference Performance Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(b); 
"Underlying Reference Rate" is as defined in Security Conditions 19.9(c);; 
"Underlying Reference Rate Determination Agent" is as defined in Underlying Interest Rate Security 
Condition 3 (Screen Rate Determination); 
"Underlying Reference Restrike Performance" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(b); 
"Underlying Reference Restrike Performance Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(b); 
"Underlying Reference Extended Restrike Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(b); 
"Underlying Reference Extended Intraday Restrike Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(b); 
"Underlying Reference Intraday Restrike Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(b); 
"Underlying Reference Restrike Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(b); 
"Underlying Reference StartDay Closing Price Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(b); 
"Underlying Reference Strike Price" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(a); 
"Underlying Reference TOM Restrike Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(b); 
"Underlying Reference TOM Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(b); 
"Underlying Reference Valuation Date" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"Underlying Reference Value Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(b); 
"Underlying Reference Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(b); 
"Underlying Reference Volatility Hedged Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(d); 
"Underlying Reference Volatility Hedged Value0" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"Underlying Reference Volatility Hedged Valuet-1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(d); 
"Underlying Reference Weighting" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Underlying Reference" is as defined in OET Warrant Condition 1 (Definitions), Security Condition 14.7 
(Definitions relating to Knock-in Event/Knock-out Event), Security Condition 19.9 (Automatic Early Expiration), 
Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Underlying Share" is as defined in Security Condition 1.1 (Type); 
"Underlying Shares" is as defined in Share Security Condition 9 (Definitions relating to GDR/ADR); 
"Unwinding Time Period" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh);

--- Page 399 ---
- 399 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
"Up Call Spread" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(xx), in Formulas Condition 1.1(yy), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(zz), in Formulas Condition 1.1(aaa), in Formulas Condition 1.1(bbb) and in Formulas Condition 
1.1(ccc); 
"Up Call" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(xx), in Formulas Condition 1.1(yy), in Formulas Condition 
1.1(zz), in Formulas Condition 1.1(aaa), in Formulas Condition 1.1(bbb) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(ccc); 
"Up Cap Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Up Final Settlement Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Up Floor Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Up Forward" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(xx), in Formulas Condition 1.1(yy), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(zz), in Formulas Condition 1.1(aaa), in Formulas Condition 1.1(bbb) and in Formulas Condition 
1.1(ccc); 
"Up Put Spread" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(xx), in Formulas Condition 1.1(yy), in Formulas 
Condition 1.1(zz), in Formulas Condition 1.1(aaa), in Formulas Condition 1.1(bbb) and in Formulas Condition 
1.1(ccc); 
"Up Put" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(xx), in Formulas Condition 1.1(yy), in Formulas Condition 
1.1(zz), in Formulas Condition 1.1(aaa), in Formulas Condition 1.1(bbb) and in Formulas Condition 1.1(ccc); 
"Up Strike Percentage" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Upper Level" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Upside Participation Factor" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"UR(t)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(s); 
"UR(t0)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(s); 
"UR(ti-1)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(s); 
"Valid Date" is as defined in Security Condition 3 (Definitions) and in Currency Security Condition 1 
(Definitions); 
"Valuation Date" is as defined in Security Condition 3 (Definitions), in Formulas Condition 1.1(hh), in Inflation 
Index Security Conditions 1 (Definitions), in Currency Security Condition 1 (Definitions) in Fund Security 
Condition 1 (Definitions), in OET Warrant Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Valuation Time" is as defined in Security Condition 3 (Definitions), in Currency Security Condition 1 
(Definitions), in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Value Business Day" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Value per ETI Interest Trading Price Barrier" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Value per ETI Interest Trading Price Differential" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Value per ETI Interest Trigger Event" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Value per ETI Interest" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Value Trigger Percentage" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions); 
"Value Trigger Period" is as defined in ETI Security Condition 1 (Definitions);

--- Page 400 ---
- 400 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
"Vanilla Call Rate" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"Vanilla Call Spread Rate" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"VWA Closing Price" is as defined in Share Security Condition 1 (Definitions) under the definition of Closing 
Price; 
"VWA Settlement Price" is as defined in Share Security Condition 1 (Definitions) under the definition of 
Settlement Price; 
"W(n)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(uu)(ii); 
"W Target0" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"W" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions); 
"W(i)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 1.1(qq) and 1.1(qq)(ii), and in Formulas Condition 1.1(rr); 
"W*1 = W1 = W0" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"W*t+1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"W*t+2" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"W0" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"Warrantholder" is as defined in Security Condition 1.2 (Title to Securities); 
"Warrants" is as defined in the third paragraph of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities; 
"Weighted Average Basket Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.5(b); 
"Weighted Average Best Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.5(b); 
"Weighted Average Rainbow Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.5(b); 
"Weighted Average Underlying Reference Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.5(a); 
"Weighted Average Worst Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.5(b); 
"Weighting" is as defined Security Condition 3 (Definitions); 
"Worst Greatest Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.2(b); 
"Worst Intraday Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(c); 
"Worst Performing Underlying Reference Closing Price Value(i)" is as defined in Formulas Condition 6.1(a); 
"Worst Value" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(c); 
"Wt" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"Wt+1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"Wt-1" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"Wt-1Target" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e); 
"WtTarget" is as defined in Formulas Condition 8.1(e);

--- Page 401 ---
- 401 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
"YoY Inflation Rate" is as defined in Formulas Condition 7 (General Formulas Definitions).

--- Page 402 ---
- 402 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE SECURITIES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
Each Global Security will be in bearer form. Consequently, in relation to any Tranche of Securities represented 
by a Global Security, references in the Terms and Conditions of the Securities to "Securityholder" are references 
to the bearer of the relevant Global Security which, for so long as the Global Security is held by a common 
depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that 
common depositary. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Security (each an "Accountholder") must look solely 
to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for 
such Accountholder's share of each payment made by the relevant Issuer to the bearer of such Global Security 
and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global Security. The extent to which, and the manner in which, 
Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under the Global Security will be determined by the respective 
rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant clearing system from time 
to time. For so long as the relevant Securities are represented by the Global Security, Accountholders shall have 
no claim directly against the relevant Issuer in respect of payments due under the Securities and such obligations 
of the relevant Issuer will be discharged by payment to the bearer of the Global Security. 
Exchange of Temporary Global Securities 
Whenever any interest in a Temporary Global Security is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global 
Security, the relevant Issuer shall procure: 
(a) 
in the case of first exchange, the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Permanent Global 
Security, duly authenticated to the bearer of the Temporary Global Security; or 
(b) 
in the case of any subsequent exchange, an increase in the number of Securities represented by such 
Permanent Global Security, where applicable, in accordance with its terms, 
as specified in the certificates issued by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system and received by the Fiscal Agent against presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender 
of the Temporary Global Security to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 7 days of the bearer requesting 
such exchange. 
Whenever a Temporary Global Security is to be exchanged for Definitive Securities, the relevant Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of the relevant number of Definitive Securities, duly 
authenticated, to the bearer of the Temporary Global Security against the surrender of the Temporary Global 
Security to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 45 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
a Permanent Global Security has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof, where applicable, 
increased by 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on the seventh day after the bearer of a Temporary Global 
Security has requested exchange of an interest in the Temporary Global Security for an interest in a 
Permanent Global Security; or 
(b) 
Definitive Securities have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on the forty-fifth day after 
the bearer of a Temporary Global Security has requested exchange of the Temporary Global Security for 
Definitive Securities; or 
(c) 
a Temporary Global Security (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Securities or the date for final settlement of a Temporary Global Security 
has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amounts falling due thereunder has not been made 
to the bearer of the Temporary Global Security in accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global 
Security on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Security (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Security or increase 
the number of Securities represented thereby, where applicable, or deliver Definitive Securities, as the case may

--- Page 403 ---
- 403 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
be) will become void at 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on such seventh day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 
p.m. (Luxembourg time) on such forty-fifth day (in the case of (b) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on 
such due date (in the case of (c) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Security will have no further 
rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Security or others 
may have under the Deeds of Covenant. Under the Deeds of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a 
Temporary Global Security will acquire directly against the relevant Issuer all those rights to which they would 
have been entitled if, immediately before the Temporary Global Security became void, they had been the holders 
of a number of Definitive Securities equal to the number of Securities they were shown as holding in the records 
of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Where the Securities are listed on Euronext Dublin and its rules so require, the relevant Issuer will give notice of 
the exchange of the Permanent Global Security for Definitive Securities pursuant to Condition 8 (Notices) of the 
Securities. 
Exchange of Permanent Global Securities 
Whenever a Permanent Global Security is to be exchanged for Definitive Securities, the relevant Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of the relevant number of Definitive Securities, duly 
authenticated to the bearer of the Permanent Global Security against the surrender of the Permanent Global 
Security to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 45 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Securities have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on the forty-fifth day after 
the bearer of a Permanent Global Security has duly requested exchange of the Permanent Global Security 
for Definitive Securities; or 
(b) 
a Permanent Global Security (or any part of it) has become due and payable in accordance with the Terms 
and Conditions of the Securities or the date for final settlement of the Securities has occurred and, in 
either case, payment in full of the amounts falling due thereunder has not been made to the bearer of the 
Permanent Global Security in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Security on the due 
date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Security (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Securities) will become void at 
5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on such forty-fifth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) 
on such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Security will have no further 
rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Security or others 
may have under the Deeds of Covenant). Under the relevant Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an 
interest in a Permanent Global Security will acquire directly against the relevant Issuer all those rights to which 
they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Permanent Global Security became void, they had been 
the holders of a number of Definitive Securities equal to the number of Securities they were shown as holding in 
the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Where the Securities are listed on Euronext Dublin and its rules so require, the relevant Issuer will give notice of 
the exchange of the Permanent Global Security for Definitive Securities pursuant to Condition 8 (Notices) of the 
Securities. 
Conditions applicable to Global Securities 
Each Global Security will contain provisions which modify the Terms and Conditions of the Securities as they 
apply to the Global Security. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Security will be made against presentation and (in the case of 
payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Security to or to the order 
of any Paying Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the relevant 
Issuer in respect of the Securities. 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 8 (Notices) of the Securities, while all the Securities are represented by a 
Permanent Global Security (or by a Permanent Global Security and/or a Temporary Global Security) and the

--- Page 404 ---
- 404 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
Permanent Global Security is (or the Permanent Global Security and/or the Temporary Global Security are) 
deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system, notices to Securityholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed 
to have been given to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 8 (Notices) of the Securities on the date 
of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system; provided, 
however, that, so long as the Securities are listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and its rules so require, 
notices will also be published in a leading newspaper having general circulation in Ireland or on the website of 
the Euronext Dublin (www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin).

--- Page 405 ---
- 405 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Securities will be used for the general corporate purposes of the 
relevant Issuer.

--- Page 406 ---
- 406 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
INFORMATION ON MEDIOBANCA - BANCA DI CREDITO FINANZIARIO S.P.A. 
This section of the Base Prospectus reflects the contents of certain information contained in the audited 
consolidated annual financial statements of Mediobanca and the audited non-consolidated annual financial 
statements of Mediobanca International as at and for the years ended 30 June 2021 and 2020.  
History and development of Mediobanca 
Legal status and information 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. was set up on 10 April 1946 by virtue of a notarial deed drawn 
up by Notary public Arturo Lovato, file no. 3041/52378. Mediobanca is a joint stock company incorporated under 
Italian law registered in the Milan-Monza-Brianza-Lodi Companies' Register under Registration no. 00714490158 
having its registered office and administrative headquarters in Piazzetta Enrico Cuccia 1, 20121 Milan, Italy, tel. 
No.: (0039) 02-88291. The LEI code of Mediobanca is: PSNL19R2RXX5U3QWHI44. Mediobanca operates 
under Italian law, and the court of Milan has jurisdiction over any disputes arising against it. 
Important events in Mediobanca's recent history  
Neither Mediobanca nor any company in the Group have carried out transactions that have materially affected or 
that might be reasonably expected to materially affect, Mediobanca's ability to meet its obligations towards third 
parties. 
On 12 November 2019, the Board of Directors of Mediobanca has approved and published the 2019/2023 strategic 
plan, setting out certain objectives to be achieved within June 2023, based on the growth of highly-profitable 
banking activities and the development of all the Mediobanca Group divisions (Wealth Management, Consumer 
Banking and Corporate & Investment Banking). 
Mediobanca has been assigned with the following rating levels: 
Rating Agency 
Type of rating 
Short-term 
debts 
Long-term 
debts 
Outlook 
Latest rating 
action 
S&P’s 
Issuer 
Credit 
Rating (“ICR”) 
A-2 
BBB 
Positive 
23 November 
2021 
FitchRatings 
Issuer 
Default 
Rating (“IDR”) 
F3 
BBB- 
Stable 
4 February 2021 
Moody’s 
Issuer 
Default 
Rating (“IDR”) 
P-2 
Baa1 
Stable 
12 May 2021 
Mediobanca will publish updated information on its ratings on its website www.mediobanca.com in the specific 
section www.mediobanca.com/en/investor-relations/financing-rating/rating.html.

--- Page 407 ---
- 407 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
For an explanation of the rating given by S&P please see below the S&P rating scale: 
LONG TERM 
obligations with an original maturity of more than 
one year 
SHORT TERM 
obligations with an original maturity of no more than 
one year 
Investment grade 
AAA 
The obligor's capacity to meet its financial 
commitment on the obligation is extremely strong. 
AA 
The obligor's capacity to meet its financial 
commitment on the obligation is very strong. An 
obligation rated 'AA' differs from the highest-rated 
obligations only to a small degree. 
A 
The obligation is somewhat more susceptible to the 
adverse effects of changes in circumstances and 
economic conditions than obligations in higher-rated 
categories. However, the obligor's capacity to meet its 
financial commitment on the obligation is still strong. 
BBB 
The 
obligation 
exhibits 
adequate 
protection 
parameters. However, adverse economic conditions 
or changing circumstances are more likely to lead to 
a weakened capacity of the obligor to meet its 
financial commitment on the obligation. 
Investment grade 
A-1 
The obligor's capacity to meet its financial 
commitment on the obligation is strong. Within this 
category, certain obligations are designated with a plus 
sign (+). This indicates that the obligor's capacity to 
meet its financial commitment on these obligations is 
extremely strong. 
A-2 
The obligation is somewhat more susceptible to the 
adverse effects of changes in circumstances and 
economic conditions than obligations in higher rating 
categories. However, the obligor's capacity to meet its 
financial commitment on the obligation is satisfactory. 
A-3 
The 
obligation 
exhibits 
adequate 
protection 
parameters. However, adverse economic conditions or 
changing circumstances are more likely to lead to a 
weakened capacity of the obligor to meet its financial 
commitment on the obligation. 
(Source: Standard & Poor's) 
LONG TERM 
obligations with an original maturity of more than 
one year 
SHORT TERM 
obligations with an original maturity of less than one 
year 
Speculative grade 
BB 
The obligation is less vulnerable to nonpayment than 
other speculative issues. However, it faces major 
ongoing uncertainties or exposure to adverse 
business, financial, or economic conditions which 
could lead to the obligor's inadequate capacity to meet 
its financial commitment on the obligation. 
B 
The obligation is more vulnerable to nonpayment than 
obligations rated 'BB', but the obligor currently has 
the capacity to meet its financial commitment on the 
obligation. Adverse business, financial, or economic 
conditions will likely impair the obligor's capacity or 
willingness to meet its financial commitment on the 
obligation. 
Speculative grade 
B 
The obligation is regarded as having significant 
speculative characteristics. The obligor currently has 
the capacity to meet its financial commitment on the 
obligation; 
however, 
it 
faces 
major 
ongoing 
uncertainties which could lead to the obligor's 
inadequate capacity to meet its financial commitment 
on the obligation. 
B -1 
The obligation is regarded as having significant 
speculative characteristics, but the obligor has a 
relatively stronger capacity to meet its financial 
commitments over the short-term compared to other 
speculative-grade obligors. 
B -2

--- Page 408 ---
- 408 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
CCC 
The obligation is currently vulnerable to nonpayment, 
and is dependent upon favorable business, financial, 
and economic conditions for the obligor to meet its 
financial commitment on the obligation. In the event 
of 
adverse 
business, 
financial, 
or 
economic 
conditions, the obligor is not likely to have the 
capacity to meet its financial commitment on the 
obligation. 
CC 
The obligation is currently highly vulnerable to 
nonpayment. 
C 
A 'C' rating is assigned to obligations that are 
currently 
highly 
vulnerable 
to 
nonpayment, 
obligations that have payment arrearages allowed by 
the terms of the documents, or obligations of an issuer 
that is the subject of a bankruptcy petition or similar 
action which have not experienced a payment default. 
D 
The obligation is in payment default. The 'D' rating 
category is used when payments on an obligation, 
including a regulatory capital instrument, are not 
made on the date due even if the applicable grace 
period has not expired, unless Standard & Poor's 
believes that such payments will be made during such 
grace period. 
The obligation is regarded as having significant 
speculative characteristics, and the obligor has an 
average speculative-grade capacity to meet its 
financial commitments over the short-term compared 
to other speculative-grade obligors. 
B -3 
The obligation is regarded as having significant 
speculative characteristics, and the obligor has a 
relatively weaker capacity to meet its financial 
commitments over the short-term compared to other 
speculative-grade obligors. 
C 
The obligation is currently vulnerable to nonpayment 
and is dependent upon favorable business, financial, 
and economic conditions for the obligor to meet its 
financial commitment on the obligation. 
D 
The obligation is in payment default. The 'D' rating 
category is used when payments on an obligation, 
including a regulatory capital instrument, are not made 
on the date due even if the applicable grace period has 
not expired, unless Standard & Poor's believes that 
such payments will be made during such grace period. 
NB:  ratings from "AA" to "CCC" inclusive can be modified by adding the "+" or "-" minus sign to specify 
the position. 
 
For an explanation of the rating given by Fitch please see below the Fitch rating scale: 
LONG TERM 
obligations with an original maturity of more than 
one year 
SHORT TERM 
obligations with an original maturity of no more than 
one year 
Investment grade 
AAA 
Denote the lowest expectation of default risk. They 
are assigned only in cases of exceptionally strong 
capacity for payment of financial commitments. This 
capacity is highly unlikely to be adversely affected by 
foreseeable events. 
AA 
Denote expectations of very low default risk. They 
indicate very strong capacity for payment of financial 
commitments. This capacity is not significantly 
vulnerable to foreseeable events. 
Investment grade 
F-1 
Indicates the strongest intrinsic capacity for timely 
payment of financial commitments; may have an 
added "+" to denote any exceptionally strong credit 
feature. 
F-2 
Good intrinsic capacity for timely payment of 
financial commitments. 
F-3

--- Page 409 ---
- 409 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
A 
Denote expectations of low default risk. The capacity 
for payment of financial commitments is considered 
strong. This capacity may, nevertheless, be more 
vulnerable to adverse business or economic 
conditions than is the case for higher ratings 
BBB 
Indicate that expectations of default risk are currently 
low. The capacity for payment of financial 
commitments is considered adequate but adverse 
business or economic conditions are more likely to 
impair this capacity. 
The intrinsic capacity for timely payment of financial 
commitments is adequate. 
(Source: Fitch Ratings) 
 
LONG TERM 
obligations with an original maturity of more than 
one year 
SHORT TERM 
obligations with an original maturity of less than one 
year 
Speculative grade 
BB 
Indicate an elevated vulnerability to default risk, 
particularly in the event of adverse changes in 
business or economic conditions over time; however, 
business or financial flexibility exists which supports 
the servicing of financial commitments. 
B 
Indicate that material default risk is present, but a 
limited 
margin 
of 
safety 
remains. 
Financial 
commitments are currently being met; however, 
capacity for continued payment is vulnerable to 
deterioration 
in 
the 
business 
and 
economic 
environment. 
CCC 
Default is a real possibility. 
CC 
Default of some kind appears probable. 
C 
Default is imminent or inevitable, or the issuer is in 
standstill. 
RD 
Indicate an issuer that in Fitch Ratings' opinion has 
entered into bankruptcy filings, administration, 
receivership, liquidation or other formal winding-up 
procedure, or which has otherwise ceased business. 
Speculative grade 
B 
Minimal capacity for timely payment of financial 
commitments, plus heightened vulnerability to near 
term adverse changes in financial and economic 
conditions. 
C 
Default is a real possibility. 
RD 
Indicates an entity that has defaulted on one or more 
of its financial commitments, although it continues to 
meet other financial obligations. Applicable to entity 
ratings only. 
D 
Indicates a broad-based default event for an entity, or 
the default of a short-term obligation.

--- Page 410 ---
- 410 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
For an explanation of the rating given by Moody's please see below the Moody's rating scale: 
LONG TERM 
obligations with an original maturity of more than one year 
Aaa  
Obligations rated Aaa are judged to be of the highest quality, subject to the lowest level of credit risk. 
Aa 
Obligations rated Aa are judged to be of high quality and are subject to very low credit risk. 
A 
Obligations rated A are judged to be upper-medium grade and are subject to low credit risk.  
Baa 
Obligations rated Baa are judged to be medium-grade and subject to moderate credit risk and as such may 
possess certain speculative characteristics. 
Ba 
Obligations rated Ba are judged to be speculative and are subject to substantial credit risk. 
B 
Obligations rated B are considered speculative and are subject to high credit risk. 
Caa 
Obligations rated Caa are judged to be speculative of poor standing and are subject to very high credit risk. 
Ca 
Obligations rated Ca are highly speculative and are likely in, or very near, default, with some prospect of 
recovery of principal and interest. 
C 
Obligations rated C are the lowest rated and are typically in default, with little prospect for recovery of principal 
or interest. 
Note: Moody's appends numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each generic rating classification from Aa through Caa. The modifier 
1 indicates that the obligation ranks in the higher end of its generic rating category; the modifier 2 indicates a mid-range 
ranking; and the modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating category. Additionally, a "(hyb)" indicator 
is appended to all ratings of hybrid securities issued by banks, insurers, finance companies, and securities firms. 
(Source: Moody's) 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (formerly, Standard & Poor's Credit Market Services Italy S.r.l.) ("S&P"), 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch") and Moody’s France S.A.S. ("Moody's") are credit rating agencies which 
are established in the European Community and have been registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as subsequently amended and supplemented) (the "CRA"). As such, S&P, Fitch and Moody's are 
included in the latest list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on 
its website in accordance with the CRA – see www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/creditrating-agencies/risk.

--- Page 411 ---
- 411 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
Business Overview 
Principal categories of products sold and/or services provided 
As provided in Article 3 of the company's Articles of Association, the purpose of the company is to raise funds 
and provide credit in any of the forms permitted, especially medium- and long-term credit to corporates. 
In complying with the regulatory provisions in force, the company may perform all banking, financial and 
brokerage operations and services, and any other operation instrumental or otherwise related to the achievement 
of its corporate purpose. 
The Mediobanca Group's activities are segmented as follows: 
 
Wealth Management (WM): this division brings together all asset management activities provided to 
clients in the following segments: 
 
Affluent & Premier, served by CheBanca!; 
 
Private & HNWI, served in Italy by Mediobanca Private Banking, and in the Principality of 
Monaco by CMB Monaco, including fiduciary activities performed by Spafid, Spafid Family 
Office SIM and Spafid Trust; 
 
Asset Management, the principal entities in which are the product factories Cairn Capital 
(alternative AM), RAM Active Investments (Alternative AM), Mediobanca Management 
Company, Mediobanca SGR, and, since September 2021, also Bybrook Capital LLP, an 
alternative asset manager focused on the European non performing loans market. 
 
Corporate & Investment Banking (CIB): this division brings together all services provided to corporate 
clients: 
 
Wholesale Banking (WB): Client Business (lending, advisory, and capital market activities) and 
proprietary trading; performed by Mediobanca, Mediobanca International, Mediobanca 
Securities and Messier & Associés; 
 
Specialty Finance, which comprises factoring and credit management (including the acquisition 
and management of NPL portfolios) performed by MBFACTA, MBCredit Solutions, and the 
newly-established MBContact Solutions. 
 
Consumer Banking (CB): this division provides retail clients with the full range of consumer credit 
products, ranging from personal loans to salary-backed finance (Compass). This division also includes 
Compass RE, which reinsures the risks linked to insurance policies sold to cilents, Compass Rent, which 
provides finance for hiring moveable assets (used cars in particular), and the newly-established Compass 
Link (network of agents); 
 
Principal Investing (PI): this division administers the Group’s portfolio of equity investments and 
holdings, in particular the stake in Assicurazioni Generali; 
 
Holding Functions: this division comprises SelmaBipiemme Leasing, MIS, Spafid Connect and 
Ricerche e Studi, plus the share of the costs of the central Group functions such as Group Treasury and 
ALM (with the aim of optimizing liquidity management on a consolidated basis, including the securities 
held as part of the banking book), the costs of the central Group functions such as operations, support 
units (Planning and Financial Reporting, Corporate Affairs, Investor Relations, etc.), senior management 
and the control units (Risk Management, Group Audit and Compliance) not attributable to business lines. 
As at 30 June 2021, Mediobanca had a market capitalization of approx. €8.7bn. 
Consolidated financial data as at 30/06/2021 
Profit and loss account 
Wealth 
Consumer 
Corporate & 
Principal 
Holding 
Group

--- Page 412 ---
- 412 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
(€m) 
Management 
Banking 
Investment 
Banking 
investing 
Functions 
Net interest income 
281.1 
878.8 
286.9 
-7.1 
-47.4 
1,415.0 
Total income 
627.3 
1,001.8 
698.2 
295.3 
21.9 
2,628.4 
Profit before tax 
142.6 
414.8 
434.3 
342.5 
-231.9 
1,104.3 
Net profit 
100.2 
278.9 
284.5 
308.6 
-166.1 
807.6 
* 
Source: Mediobanca audited consolidated annual financial statement as at and for the year ended on 30 June 2021 
 
Affluent & Premier - CheBanca! 
Mediobanca operates in wealth management with Affluent & Premier clients through its subsidiary CheBanca!. 
This subsidiary, launched in 2008, effectively served as retail deposit gatherer for the Mediobanca Group 
throughout the financial crisis. Since 2016 it has developed a distribution model based on strong investments in 
technology and innovation and an advisory-based approach which has enabled the company to become a 
recognized, high-growth operator in its reference market, with client TFAs which currently total €32.5bn. 
Today CheBanca! is distinguished by its: 
 
High brand recognition; 
 
Effective, innovative multi-channel distribution (internet, 205 own branches/POS, 465 FAs and 486 
relationship managers); 
 
Substantial customer base (approx. 895,000 clients); 
 
Strong commercial results: €16.9bn in deposits, €15.6bn in AUM, and a loan book of €11.1bn in mortgage 
lending. 
At 30 June 2021, the company employed a total of 1,461 staff. 
Private & HNWIs 
The product/service offering to clients is split between: 
 
MB Private Banking offers private banking services through its 84 bankers and nine branch offices, working 
to help develop asset management activities in synergy with the mid-cap platform. The Mediobanca Private 
Banking product offering for high net worth clients includes portfolio management, advisory and financing 
services. Independence, operational autonomy, focus on private investment banking activities, and excellence 
and quality of service, are the hallmarks of a bank which has approx. €18bn in in assets under management 
at its branches in Bergamo, Bologna, Brescia, Florence, Genoa, Milan, Padua, Rome, Turin and Treviso. 
 
CMB Monaco ("CMB") is 100%-owned by Mediobanca. CMB, a market leader in the private banking sector 
in the Principality of Monaco, has assets under management of approximately €12bn. Its geographical 
position, indepth knowledge of markets and absolute independence make it a player of primary importance, 
able to provide exclusive services to its clientèle, ranging from loans to asset management. 
 
Spafid, 100%-owned by Mediobanca, this company provides fiduciary administration services for equity 
investments, stock market investments and fiduciary services for issuers. 
MB Asset Management 
The product factories forming part of the Wealth Management division include Cairn Capital, RAM Active 
Investments and MB SGR. 
 
Cairn Capital, a 51% stake in which was completed in December 2015 (the percentage stake currently owned 
is 85.1%), is an asset manager and advisor based in London, specializing in credit products. During the month 
of September 2021, Cairn Capital has extended its offered product range in the alternative credit sector by

--- Page 413 ---
- 413 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
acquiring Bybrook Capital, an asset manager based in London and specialized in managing non performing 
loans. 
 
RAM Active Investments, a 69% stake in which was acquired in March 2018 (the percentage is now 94.7%), 
is one of the leading European systematic asset managers, offering a wide selection of alternative funds to a 
vast range of institutional and professional investors.  
 
Mediobanca SGR, set up in 2017 following the merger of Banca Esperia into Mediobanca S.p.A., plays a 
key role in defining investment strategies and developing innovative products for the Group’s networks. 
Consumer Credit – Compass Banca (Compass) 
Mediobanca has operated in the consumer credit sector since the 1960s through its subsidiary Compass. Compass 
today is one of the leading consumer credit operators on the Italian market, with a market share of approx. 10% 
that reaches 13% in the personal loans sector. 
Compass offers products (including personal loans, special purpose loans for acquisition of consumer durable 
goods, credit cards and salary-backed finance), using a highly diversified distribution network consisting of 179 
own branches, branches run by agents (52) and Compass Quinto branches (48), distribution agreements with 
banking partners and retailers (including BancoPosta). 
In the financial year ended 30 June 2021, Compass reported a loan book of approx. €13bn and a headcount of 
1,446 staff. 
Wholesale Banking 
Mediobanca seeks to provide its corporate clients with advisory services and financial services to help them grow 
and develop. 
The Wholesale Banking Division is divided into Client Business and Proprietary Trading. Client Business 
includes three different areas: Investment Banking, Debt Division, and Market Division . 
1. 
Investment Banking 
1.1. Corporate finance 
Mediobanca is a leader in Italy, and has an increasingly significant role at the European level in financial advisory 
services through its branch offices in London, Paris and Madrid, and through Messier & Associés, in which it 
holds an 83.1% stake. A client-based approach is adopted, backed by indepth knowledge of the financial issues 
and a consolidated track record in executing deals. The operating unit is organized into different industry teams 
covering individual industries to provide more effective specialization. 
Corporate finance is structured into the following activities: 
 
Defining strategic objectives for companies and identifying extraordinary financing transactions in order to 
help meet them; 
 
Extraordinary financing transactions: mergers and acquisitions, joint ventures and partnerships, disposals and 
spinoffs; 
 
Liability restructuring: earnings/financial analysis of companies/groups undergoing restructuring; working 
out financial rebalancing scenarios; negotiating with key creditors; 
 
Corporate restructuring: LBOs, MBOs, spinoffs and tax-/inheritance-related issues; 
 
Company valuations, on a standalone basis and for purposes of setting exchange ratios;

--- Page 414 ---
- 414 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
 
Relations with authorities: assistance in handling relations with market authorities, primarily Consob and 
Borsa Italiana. 
Messier & Associés 
Founded at the end of 2010, Messier & Associés is now one of the three leading corporate finance boutiques in 
France, with a loyal client base at both national and international level. 
MA specializes in M&A advisory services, which it provides to large and mid-cap clients, and in financial 
sponsors activity. The company also performs debt and capital advisory and debt restructuring activities. 
Headquartered in Paris, it has offices in New York and employs around 40 staff. 
1.2. Equity capital markets 
Mediobanca is the Italian leader and has a role of increasing importance internationally in structuring, co-
ordinating and executing equity capital markets transactions, such as IPOs, rights issues, secondary offerings and 
ABOs, and bonds convertible into equity solutions (equity derivatives to manage investments and treasury shares): 
this unit structures and implements extraordinary financing transactions involving equity investments and treasury 
shares; using a dedicated trading platform, the team offers customers innovative, high value-added solutions, and 
also handles any legal, accounting, tax and regulatory issues. 
2. 
Debt Division 
2.1. Lending & Structured Finance 
The Financing teams serve Mediobanca's Italian and international customers, through the branch offices located 
in Paris, London and Madrid, to offer: 
 
Advice in evaluating possible capital structures and financing solutions available from among a vast series of 
debt products, including considering possible implications in terms of rating; 
 
Structuring and executing lending transactions; 
 
Access to the international syndicated loans market; 
 
Facility and security agent services for corporate and structured lending transactions. 
The principal Lending & Structured Finance area products are: 
 
Corporate lending (bilateral loans, club deals and syndicated loans): corporate loans aimed at supporting 
customers' financial requirements generated by investments or related to their companies' growth; the 
financial solutions offered are aimed primarily at medium-/large-sized firms operating on domestic and 
international markets, in industrial and service-based sectors. 
 
Structured finance (acquisition finance, loans for LBOs/MBOs, project finance, infrastructure finance, real 
estate finance): financial support to corporate counterparties and institutional investors as part of leveraged 
transactions to acquire stakes in listed and unlisted companies; a wide range of lending transactions are 
developed, arranged, structured, underwritten and executed based on complex structures, and because of their 
size these are often syndicated on the international market. On the back of its solid track record in various 
sectors, customers are provided with advisory services covering the entire process of structuring deals to 
support investment and infrastructure or industrial projects, including offering strategies, selection of the most 
effective debt instruments, hedging strategies, financial modelling and structuring contracts. 
Mediobanca International 
Mediobanca International is mainly focused on lending operations to companies in the following forms: corporate 
lending (bilateral loans, club deals, and syndicated facilities) and structured finance (acquisition finance, 
LBO/MBO loans, project finance, infrastructure finance, real estate finance). These uses are financed from 
funding raised on international markets via specific programmes (Notes, Structured Notes, Certificates, Warrants,

--- Page 415 ---
- 415 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
Euro Commercial Tradable Papers, Euro Commercial Papers), short- and medium-term, mostly guaranteed by 
parent company Mediobanca S.p.A. 
2.2. Debt capital market 
The debt capital market team manages the origination, structuring, execution and placement of bond issues 
(corporates and financials), covered bonds, and securitizations, seeking to meet its clients’ needs for financing. 
3. 
Market division 
Mediobanca operates on the secondary markets,trading equities and fixed-income securities, foreign exchange 
products and credit risk, interest rate and exchange rate derivatives. The division’s activities are divided into the 
following areas: 
 
CMS: this area structures solutions based on interest rates, credit and alternative products; it targets corporate 
clients, banks and institutional investors who need to restructure their investment portfolios, increase asset 
liquidity and diversify their sources of funding. Advisory services and structuring ad hoc solutions for 
alternative investments targets institutional investors; 
 
Equity derivatives institutional marketing: a range of equity-linked investments are offered to banks, 
insurances, asset managers and family offices, from synthetic replications of simple underlying assets to 
sophisticated protection mechanisms and solutions for increasing the return on portfolios, funded or 
unfunded; 
 
MB Securities: this is Mediobanca's equity brokerage division, offering global access to equity markets and 
research on the Italian market (over 100 companies are covered), plus a pan-European focus on the financials 
sector (banks and insurances); a dedicated team also offers corporate broking services. 
4. 
Proprietary trading 
Proprietary trading is carried out by two units: 
 
Trading portfolio (HFT Credit, HFT Fixed income, xVA, Global Macro): responsible for trading bond 
portfolios and centralized management Cross Value Adjustments, providing support to both Strategic 
Portfolio & ALM and to the other Group legal entities; 
 
Equity & Derivatives Trading: responsible for the Bank’s trading activities in various equity market 
products (equities and derivatives). 
5. 
Specialty Finance 
Specialty Finance activities include managing and financing credit and working capital. Factoring activities are 
managed by MBFACTA and credit management operations by MBCredit Solutions.. 
 
MBCredit Solutions has for many years performed credit recovery activities (on behalf of the Group 
companies and third parties) and NPL portfolio acquisitions. 
 
MBFACTA provides trade receivables sale and discount services (with and without recourse, maturity, 
supply credit) to refinance corporate working capital. As well as the financial benefits, this service can also 
include an insurance component (guarantee against insolvency or delays in payments) and/or a management 
component (portfolio management, accounting, collection and recovery). The factoring platform’s factoring 
offering will be tailored specifically to developing the Mid Corporate segment in synergy with the other 
services offered by CIB to this category of firm. 
Principal investing

--- Page 416 ---
- 416 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
The Principal Investing division consists primarily of the Bank’s investment in Assicurazioni Generali which is 
consolidated using the equity method. The value option which the investment represents for the Group is in terms 
of available, liquid resources that can be activated in the event of growth acquisitions materializing. 
Principal Investing also includes the funds invested by the Mediobanca Group in the seed capital of the alternative 
funds managed by the asset management companies. 
Company 
Sector 
% of share capital 
Book value as at 30/6/21 
 
 
 
€m 
Assicurazioni Generali 
Insurance 
12.87% 
3,663.1 
 
Leasing 
Mediobanca owns a direct 60% stake in SelmaBipiemme Leasing, with the other 40% held by the Banca Popolare 
di Milano. The group operates in financial leasing. 
Treasury 
The Group's Treasury and ALM units are centralised at parent company level with the objective of optimizing 
funding and liquidity management. The Goup Funding division is responsible for the Group’s funding through all 
available means (deposits, securitizations, investments). With regards to the issuing of securities, the Goup 
Funding division is responsible for the structuring, issuing and placing debt products, the proceeds from which 
are used to finance the Bank's activities. Funding operations, supported by Mediobanca's high credit rating, take 
the form primarily of the issuance of securities, both plain vanilla and structured. Securities are placed with retail 
investors through public offerings (implemented via the proprietary network of the Wealth Management 
companies), through individual third-party banking networks (either on an exclusive basis or via groups of banks 
operating as syndicates), and direct sales on the MOT bond market operated by Borsa Italiana. Demand from 
institutional investors is met via public offerings of securities on the Euromarket and by private placements of 
bespoke products tailored to meet the investor's specific requirements. 
New products or new activities 
Without prejudice to the contents hereof (section 5.1), no significant new products and/or services have been 
introduced that are worth being recorded or disclosed publicly. 
Principal markets 
The Mediobanca Group's activities are principally focused on the domestic market (from a geographical 
standpoint Italy accounts for approx. 80% of the Group's loan book). In particular: 
 
Corporate & Investment Banking (CIB): in WB, half the revenues and loan book is originated by the Italian 
market, the other half by other countries (notably France, Spain and the United Kingdom); while Specialty 
Finance activities are focused on the domestic Italian market. The division employs some 635 staff, around 
143 of whom are based outside Italy; 
 
Consumer Banking: activities focus exclusively on the Italian market, and employ approx. 1,446 staff at 279 
branches/agencies; 
 
Wealth Management (WM): this division’s activity is focused primarily on the Italian market, with the 
exception of CMB (which operates in the Principality of Monaco), RAM AI (which operates throughout 
Europe from its headquarters in Switzerland), and Cairn Capital and Bybrook (which operate in the United 
Kingdom); and employs 2,037 staff, with approx. 1,100 FAs/relationship managers, and 117 branches; 
 
Leasing activities chiefly target the domestic market. 
 
With reference to other markets, the agreement on future relations between the United Kingdom and the 
European Union was signed on 30 December 2020. The European Parliament is expected to ratify the deal 
in the early months of 2021, but came into force provisionally 1 January 2021 as authorized by the European

--- Page 417 ---
- 417 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
Council. For financial services, the agreement does not provide for any broader reciprocal access to markets 
than the agreements which the EU has entered into with other commercial partners. At end-March 2021, the 
EU and the United Kingdom executed a Memorandum of Understanding establishing a framework for 
Financial Services Regulatory Co-operation by 31 March 2021, which does not replace the banking and 
financial services passporting arrangements. 
Mediobanca currently operates in the United Kingdom, both at its London branch office and cross-border, 
under the Temporary Permissions Regime (TPR) permitted by the Financial Conduct Authority, which 
allows the Bank to continue to perform its current activities as though it were formally authorized. The Bank 
is expected to start the formal process in order to receive its own authorization to operate in the United 
Kingdom as a third country branch from the Financial Conduct Authority before year-end 2022. Mediobanca 
has also undertaken a series of initiatives, in accordance with the ECB guidance, to address the issue of no 
longer being allowed to serve EU clients from the United Kingdom. These have included transferring some 
front office staff members (including some considered as key function holders) from the London branch 
offices to other offices located within the EU (15 in total in the course of 2020). There are still some areas 
of uncertainty, however, regarding the application of some of the market regulations (e.g. on 
shares/derivatives trading obligations), for which specific solutions have been adopted in order to ensure that 
the new rules are complied with. The total number of staff employed by the London branch, which was 89 
as at 30 June 2020, had declined to 76 by 31 December 2020 and 73 at 30 June 2021. It should be emphasized 
that the Group’s activities in the United Kingdom continue to be relatively minor (accounting for approx. 3% 
of its total revenues. 
As far as regards UK-based Group company Cairn Capital, the company has delegated management of its 
funds to an Ireland-based fund manager (Carne Global Fund Managers Ireland Limited), which in turn has 
sub-delegated management back to Cairn Capital itself. Cairn Capital will therefore continue to handle the 
investment strategies and portfolio management for the funds. The marketing activity for the funds, though, 
will be performed by a company in the process of being set up to be owned by Cairn Capital.

--- Page 418 ---
- 418 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE  
Description of organizational structure of group headed up by Mediobanca 
Mediobanca is the parent company of the Mediobanca Banking Group.  
The Mediobanca Group is registered as a banking group in the register instituted by the Bank of Italy. 
The following diagram illustrates the structure of the Mediobanca Group as at the date hereof.

--- Page 419 ---
- 419 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
Subsidiaries and main investee companies 
A list of the main Group companies included in the area of consolidation for the consolidated financial statements 
as at the date of this document is shown below: 
Group companies 
Company  
Country 
% share 
capital  
Type of holding 
COMPASS Banca S.p.A. 
Italy 
100% 
(dir) 
CHEBANCA! S.p.A. 
Italy 
100% 
(dir) 
SELMABIPIEMME LEASING S.p.A. 
Italy 
60% 
(dir) 
CMB Monaco S.A. 
Principality of Monaco 
99,998% 
(dir) 
MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (Luxembourg) S.A.** 
Luxembourg 
100% 
(dir) 
SPAFID S.p.A. 
Italy 
100% 
(dir) 
SPAFID TRUST S.r.l. 
Italy 
100% 
(indir) 
SPAFID CONNECT S.p.A. 
Italy 
100% 
(indir) 
MEDIOBANCA SECURITIES USA LLC 
United States of America 
100% 
(dir) 
Mediobanca SGR S.p.A. 
Italy 
100%  
(dir) 
Mediobanca Management Company S.A. 
Luxembourg 
100% 
(dir) 
MBCREDIT SOLUTIONS S.p.A. 
Italy 
100%1 
(indir) 
Mediobanca Innovation Services S.c.p.A 
Italy 
99,9% 
(dir) 
MBFACTA S.p.A. 
Italy 
100% 
(dir) 
QUARZO S.r.l. 
Italy 
90%1 
(indir) 
QUARZO CQS S.r.l. 
Italy 
90%1 
(indir) 
Mediobanca COVERED BOND S.r.l. 
Italy 
90%2 
(indir) 
C.M.B. ASSET MANAGEMENT S.A.M. 
Principality of Monaco 
99,402%3 
(indir) 
C.M.G. COMP. MONEG. D.G. S.A.M. 
Principality of Monaco 
99,892%3 
(indir) 
COMPASS RE S.A.** 
Luxembourg 
100%1 
(indir) 
MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL IMMOBILIERE S.à r.l. 
Luxembourg 
100%4 
(indir) 
CAIRN CAPITAL GROUP Ltd. 
United Kingdom 
64,58%*** 
(dir) 
CAIRN CAPITAL Ltd. 
United Kingdom 
64,58%5*** 
(indir) 
CAIRN CAPITAL NORTH AMERICA Inc. (inactive) 
United States of America 
64,58%5*** 
(indir) 
CAIRN FINANCIAL GUARANTEE Ltd. (inactive) 
United Kingdom 
64,58%5*** 
(indir) 
CAIRN CAPITAL INVESTMENTS Ltd.( inactive) 
United Kingdom 
64,58%5*** 
(indir) 
CAIRN INVESTMENTS MANAGERS Ltd. (inactive) 
United Kingdom 
64,58%5*** 
(indir) 
MB FUNDING LUX S.A. 
Luxembourg 
100% 
(dir) 
SPAFID FAMILY OFFICE SIM S.p.A. 
Italy 
100%6 
(indir) 
RAM Active Investments S.A. 
Switzerland 
91,70**** 
(dir) 
RAM ACTIVE INVESTMENTS (EUROPE)  
Luxembourg 
91,70%7**** 
(ind) 
MESSIER & ASSOCIES S.A.S. 
France 
80,61%***** 
(dir) 
MESSIER  & ASSOCIES LLC. 
United States of America 
40,305%8***** 
(indir) 
MBCONTACT SOLUTIONS S.r.l.**  
Italy 
100%9 
(indir) 
COMPASS RENT S.r.l.** 
Italy 
100%1 
(indir) 
COMPASS LINK s.r.l. 
Italy 
100%1 
(indir) 
Bybrook Capital Management Limited 
Grand Cayman  
64,58%5 
(indir) 
Bybrook Capital LLP 
United States of America 
64,58%10 
(indir) 
                                                          
 
1 Equity investment held by Compass Banca S.p.A. 
2 Equity investment held by CheBanca! S.p.A. 
3 Equity investment held by CMB S.A. 
4 Equity investment held by Mediobanca International (Luxembourg) S.A. 
5 Equity investment held by Cairn Capital Group Ltd. 
6 Equity investment held by Spafid S.p.A. 
7 Equity investment held by RAM Active Investment S.A. 
8 Equity investment held by Messier & Associes S.A.S. 
9 Equity investment held by MBCredit Solutions S.p.A. 
10 Equity investment held by Bybrook Capital Management Limited

--- Page 420 ---
- 420 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
Bybrook Capital Services Limited 
United Kingdom 
64,58%9 
(indir) 
Bybrook Capital Badminton Fund Limited 
Grand Cayman 
64,58%9 
(indir) 
Bybrook Capital Burton Partnership Limited 
Grand Cayman 
64,58%9 
(indir) 
Bybrook Capital Fund Limited 
Grand Cayman 
64,58%9 
(indir) 
Bybrook Capital LLC 
United States of America 
64,58%9 
(indir) 
Bybrook Capital LP 
United States of America 
64,58%9 
(indir) 
 
*Does not belong to the Mediobanca Banking Group. 
** Of which 1% shares of Compass 
*** The consolidated percentage rises to 89.07% if the agreements relating to the put&call option entered into at the time of acquisition are taken into account. 
**** The consolidated percentage rises to 98.3% if agreements relating to the put&call option entered into at the time of acquisition are taken into account. 
***** The consolidated percentage rises to 100% if the agreements relating to the put&call option entered into at the time of acquisition are taken into account. 
 
Forecasts or estimates of profits 
No profit forecasts or estimates have been made in the Base Prospectus. 
Information on recent trends 
No material adverse changes have taken place in Mediobanca's or the Group's prospects since the consolidated 
financial statements as at 30 June 2021; 
No material adverse changes have taken place in the financial results of Mediobanca and the Mediobanca Group 
since the most recent consolidated financial statements as at 30 June 2021. 
Information on trends, uncertainties, requests, commitments or known facts which could reasonably be 
expected to have material repercussions on the Issuer's prospects for at least the current financial year 
Mediobanca is not aware of any information on trends, uncertainties, requests, commitments or facts known which 
could reasonably have significant repercussions on Mediobanca's prospects for the current financial year. 
A deterioration in the medical situation due to the Covid-19 pandemic, the removal of government support 
measures, the ineffectiveness of the vaccination plan, as well as the evolution of virus variants, could impact 
further on the economic, social and financial situation in Italy and hence on the credit quality, capitalization and 
earnings of the Issuer which operates primarily on the Italian market. 
Mediobanca is committed to executing the strategic and operating guidelines of its 2019-23 Strategic Plan, 
confirming the intention to optimize capital, with the objective of restoring the CET1 ratio to 13.5% by end-June 
2023, including through share buybacks and acquisitions to strengthen the business lines. 
BODIES RESPONSIBLE FOR GOVERNANCE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISION 
Information on bodies responsible for governance, management and supervision 
Information on the Bank's bodies responsible for governance, management and supervision is provided below, as 
updated following the Annual General Meeting held on 28 October 2020. 
Changes in the composition of the governing bodies and other information related to them are published from 
time to time on the Issuer's website in the relevant section https://www.mediobanca.com/en/corporate-
governance/index.html, without prejudice to the obligations set out under article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Board of Directors 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Board of Directors, appointed on 28 October 2020 for the 2021, 2022 
and 2023 financial years until the date on which the financial statements as at 30 June 2023 will be approved, is 
made up of fifteen members, eleven of whom qualify as independent under Article 148, paragraph 3 of Italian 
Legislative Decree 58/98, eight of which eleven also qualify as independent under Article 19 of the company's 
Articles of Association (the requisites for which definition are substantially aligned with those of the code of 
corporate governance issued by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (the "Code of Conduct") in respect of listed companies). 
Its composition also reflects the legal requirements in terms of gender balance.

--- Page 421 ---
- 421 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
Composition of Board of Directors 
Name 
Post held 
Place and date 
of birth 
Term of 
office expires 
 
Independence 
Principal 
activities 
performed 
outside the Issuer 
Renato 
Pagliaro2 
Chairman  
Milan, 20/2/57 28/10/23 
 
- 
Maurizia 
Angelo 
Comneno1 
Deputy 
Chair 
Rome, 18/6/48 28/10/23 
b) 
- 
Alberto 
Nagel1, 2 
CEO 
Milan, 7/6/65 
28/10/23 
 
- 
Virginie Banet  Director  
Neuilly 
sur 
Seine 18/01/66 
28/10/23 
a) 
b) 
Chairman, lolite, Financial Consulting 
Director, Netgem  
Director, Vallourec 
Francesco 
Saverio Vinci1, 
2 
General 
Manager 
 
Milan, 
10/11/62 
28/10/23 
 
- 
Maurizio 
Carfagna 
Director 
Milan, 
13/11/47 
28/10/23 
a)  
b) 
Director, FingProg Italia  
Director, Futura Invest 
Director, Istituto Europeo di 
Oncologia 
Laura Cioli 
Director 
Macerata 
10/07/63 
28/10/23 
a) 
b) 
Director, Brembo 
Director, Sofina 
Director, Autogrill 
Maurizio Costa Director 
Pavia, 
29/10/ 
48 
28/10/23 
a) 
b) 
Director, Amplifon 
Angela Gamba Director 
Palazzolo 
sull'Oglio 
(BS), 15/8/70 
28/10/23 
a) 
b) 
Director, Edison 
Director, FPS Investments S.r.l. 
Director, Medical Technology and 
Devices SA 
Valérie 
Hortefeux 
Director 
Aulnay 
(France), 
14/12/67 
28/10/23 
a) 
b) 
Director, Blue Solutions 
Director, Ramsay – Générale de Santé 
Director, Socfinasia  
Director, Financierrie de L’Odet 
Maximo Ibarra Director 
Calì 
(Colombia), 
13/12/68 
28/10/23 
a) 
b) 
CEO, Engineering 
Alberto Lupoi 
Director 
Rome, 
29/03/70 
28/10/23 
a) 
b) 
- 
Elisabetta 
Magistretti 
Director 
Busto Arsizio, 
21/7/47 
28/10/23 
 
b) 
Director, Brembo 
Director, Smeg 
Vittorio 
Pignatti-
Morano 
Director 
Rome, 14/9/57 28/10/23 
a) 
b) 
Director, Trilantic Capital 
Management GP 
Director, Trilantic Capital Partners 
Management 
Director, Trilantic Capital Partners V 
Management 
Director, Ocean Ring Jersey Co 
Director, Ocean Trade Lux Co 
Director, ICS Maugeri 
Director, Edizione 
Gabriele Villa1 
 
Director 
Milan, 18/6/64 28/10/23 
b) 
Standing Auditor, Edison 
Standing Auditor, Italmobiliare 
1 Member of Executive Committee. 
2 Member of Mediobanca senior management 
a) Qualifies as independent pursuant to Article 19 of the company's Articles of Association.

--- Page 422 ---
- 422 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
b) Qualifies as independent pursuant to Article 148, para. 3 of the Italian Finance Act. 
 
All Board members are in possession of the requisites to hold such office set by the regulations in force at the 
time. 
The address for all members of the Board of Directors for the duties they discharge is: Piazzetta E. Cuccia 1, 
20121 Milan, Italy. 
Statutory Audit Committee 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Statutory Audit Committee, appointed on 28 October 2020 for the 2021, 
2022 and 2023 financial years until the date on which the financial statements as at 30 June 2023 will be approved, 
is made up of three Standing Auditors and two Alternate Auditors. 
Composition of Statutory Audit Committee: 
Name 
Post held 
Place and date of birth Term expires 
Principal ativities performed outside 
the Issuer as significant with respect to 
the Issuer 
Francesco di Carlo 
Chairman 
Milan, 04/10/69 
28/10/23 
Director, Milano Investment, Partners 
SGR  
Standing Auditor, Italiaonline 
Elena Pagnoni 
Standing Auditor 
Colleferro 
(Rome), 
10/05/63 
28/10/23 
- 
Ambrogio Virgilio 
Standing Auditor 
Bari, 05/01/56 
28/10/23 
- 
Marcello Caradonna 
Alternate Auditor 
Stornara (FG), 22/05/59 28/10/23 
Chair, Statutory Audit Committee, 
College of Auditors CTI, ATS Milano, 
Corneliani and OTS 
Standing Auditor, ENI 
Standing Auditor Covercare and Nuova 
Corneliani 
Independent Director, Integrae SIM 
Director, FNM 
Roberto Moro 
Alternate Auditor 
Milan, 04/03/65 
28/10/23 
Chair, Statutory Audit Committee, IRE 
Holding, Digital Value, DV Holding, 
ITD Solutions and Pirelli Tyre 
Standing Auditor, Antas, ASM Energia, 
Energean international, Energean Italy, 
Energean Sicilia, Energean Wave, 
Italware, Fidiger 
Sole Statutory Auditor, Compass Link, 
Compass Rent, MBContact Solutions, 
Quarzo and Spafid 
Stefano Sarubbi 
Alternate Auditor 
Milan, 06/12/65 
28/10/23 
Chair, Statutory Audit Committee, Coca 
Cola Italy 
Chair, Statutory Audit Committee, 
Infrastrutture Wireless Italiane – Inwiit 
Director Sigmagest 
CEO, Sigmagest and Chair, Statutory 
Audit Committee, Acque Minerali 
Chair, Statutory Audit Committee, 
Destination Italia 
Director, Manifatture Sigaro Toscano

--- Page 423 ---
- 423 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
All Statutory Audit Committee members are in possession of the requisites to hold such office by law, in terms of 
fitness, professional qualifications and independence, and are all registered as auditors. 
The address for all members of the Statutory Audit Committee for the duties they discharge is: Piazzetta E. Cuccia 
1, 20121 Milan, Italy. 
Conflicts of interest among bodies responsible for governance, management and supervision 
A ban was instituted pursuant to Article 36 of Italian Decree Law 201/11, as converted into Italian Law 214/11, 
on representatives of banks, insurers and financial companies from holding positions in companies which operate 
in the same sectors. Each year the Board of Directors assesses the positions of the individual directors, which may 
have changed as a result of changes in the activities or size of the other companies in which they hold posts. To 
this end, each director, including in order to avoid potential conflict of interest, shall inform the Board of any 
changes in the positions assumed by them in the course of their term of office. 
Mediobanca also adopts the procedure recommended under Article 136 of the Italian Consolidated Banking Act 
for approval of transactions involving individuals who perform duties of management and control in other 
companies controlled by such parties. 
Members of the bodies responsible for governance, management and supervision are also required to comply with 
the following provisions: 
 
Article 53 of the Italian Banking Act and implementing regulations enacted by the Bank of Italy, in particular 
the supervisory provisions on links with related parties; 
 
Article 2391 of the Italian Civil Code (Directors' Interests); 
 
Article 2391-bis of the Italian Civil Code (Transactions with Related Parties) ) and the Consob implementing 
regulations, in particular the Regulations on Transactions with Related Parties approved under resolution no. 
17221 of 12 March 2010. 
Transactions with "related parties" are described in part H of the financial statements for the twelve months ended 
30 June 2021. 
Mediobanca and its governing bodies have adopted internal measures and procedures to ensure compliance with 
the provisions referred to above. 
Main Shareholders 
Information on ownership structure 
No party controls Mediobanca according to the definition provided in Article 93 of the Italian Banking Act. 
Based on the shareholders' register and publicly available information as at 29 November 2021, the following 
individuals and entities own directly or indirectly financial instruments representing share capital with voting 
rights in excess of 3% of the company's share capital, directly or indirectly, are listed below: 
Shareholder 
% of share capital 
Leonardo Del Vecchio (1) 
18.90% 
BlackRock group (2) 
3.98% 
Bank of Montreal (3) 
3.54% 
Mediolanum group  
3.28% 
Francesco Gaetano Caltagirone (4) 
3.04% 
(1) Indirect participation held via Delfin SARL. 
(2) BlackRock Inc. (NY) through fifteen asset management subsidiaries (form 120 B of 6 August 2020), of which 0.69% pontential holding 
and 0.13% other long positions with cash settlement. 
(3) Investment held directly and indirectly as borrower (non-discretionary asset management). 
(4) Indirect participation.

--- Page 424 ---
- 424 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
 
For completeness, the Issuer holds owen shares for an amount equal to 2.8% of its share capital. 
Updates relating to information on the main shareholders are published from time to time on the Issuer's website 
in 
the 
relevant 
section 
https://www.mediobanca.com/en/corporate-governance/main-shareholders/main-
shareholders.html, without prejudice to the obligations set forth in Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation 
regarding the possible drafting of a supplement. 
Shareholders' Agreement 
On 20 December 2018, certain shareholders of Mediobanca representing, as at the date hereof, approximately 
12.08% of the share capital of the Issuer entered into a prior consultation shareholders' agreement (the 
"Shareholders' Agreement") pursuant to Article 122 of the Financial Services Act and the Consob resolution 
No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as subsequently amended. The main shareholders include the Mediolanum Group, 
Schematrentatre (Edizione)11, Fininvest, Fin.Priv., Monge & C. S.p.A., Gavio Group, Ferrero Group, for a total 
of 20 shareholders. Such Shareholders' Agreement is effective from 1 January 2019, will expire on 31 December 
2024 and is automatically renewed for 3-year periods among the participants who did not give notice of 
termination at least 3 months before the original or extended expiry date. No provision is made in the Shareholders' 
Agreement for commitments in terms of lock-up or votes in respect of the shares syndicated to it. 
Information 
on 
the 
Shareholders' 
Agreement 
may 
be 
found 
on 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
at 
https://www.mediobanca.com/en/corporate-governance/main-shareholders/shareholder-consultation-
agreement.html.  
Agreements the performance of which may result in a change of control subsequent to the date hereof 
Mediobanca is not aware of any agreements aimed at bringing about future changes regarding the ownership 
structure of Mediobanca. 
AUDITORS OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
External auditors and auditors responsible for auditing the financial statements 
At the annual general meeting held on 27 October 2012, the shareholders of Mediobanca appointed 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. to audit the Bank's separate and consolidated full-year and interim financial 
statements up to and including the financial year ending 30 June 2021. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. a company with its registered offices in Piazza Tre Torri 2, Milan, Italy, has 
audited the separate and consolidated financial statements of Mediobanca as at 30 June 2020 and as at 30 June 
2019. PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A is registered under No. 119644 in the Register of Accounting Auditors 
(Registro dei Revisori Legali) maintained by MEF (Ministero dell'Economia e delle Finanze) in compliance with 
the provisions of Legislative Decree No. 39 of 27 January 2010, as amended. 
Information regarding resignations, dismissals or failures to renew the appointment of the external 
auditors or the auditors responsible for auditing the financial statements 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, there is no information about any resignation, revocation or non-renewal of 
the engagement of the external auditors or the auditors responsible for auditing the financial statements. 
On 28 October 2020, the Shareholders' Meeting of Mediobanca, at the proposal of the Board of Statutory Auditors, 
appointed the auditing firm Ernst & Young to audit the accounts for the financial years from 30 June 2022 to 30 
June 2030. 
                                                          
 
11   On September 30, Schematrentatre terminated the Shareholders’ Agreement, with effect from 1 January 2022. As a result of this termination, 
subject to other changes, the percentage represented by the Shareholders’ Agreement will stand at around 10% of the share capital.

--- Page 425 ---
- 425 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
LEGAL AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, none of the proceedings involving Mediobanca and its consolidated 
subsidiaries may have, or have had in the recent past, a material impact on the Group's financial position or 
profitability, and as far as Mediobanca is aware, no litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings which 
may have such material impact has either been announced or is pending.  
A description of the main tax disputes and litigation pending is provided below, purely for information purposes: 
Litigation pending and tax disputes 
Civil Proceedings - Claim for damages  
Among the most significant legal proceedings still pending against Mediobanca there are the following two claims 
for damages made respectively by: 
 
Fondazione Monte dei Paschi di Siena ("FMPS") against – inter alia – Mediobanca, in respect of 
participation with criminal intent by virtue of an alleged non-contractual liability, jointly with the other 
thirteen lender banks, for alleged damages to FMPS in connection with the execution of the Term Facility 
Agreement on 4 June 2011 and the consequent breach of FMPS's Articles of Association (20% limit on 
debt/equity ratio) in a total amount of €286m. The case is still pending in the preliminary phase at the Court 
of Florence; 
 
Lucchini S.p.A. in A.S. ("Lucchini") against 12 banks (including Mediobanca) claiming that the banks 
would have contributed to the economic and financial distress of the company for having drawn up and 
executed an industrial and financial plan of the company based on allegedly unrealistic forecasts and a 
restructuring agreement pursuant to article 182-bis of the bankruptcy law which provided for guarantees 
excessively favourable to the banks, thus delaying Lucchini's submission to the extraordinary administration 
procedure. With a ruling on 21 July 2020, the Court of Milan rejected Lucchini's request, ordering him to 
pay the costs. With a notice of appeal served on 28 September 2020 Lucchini appealed the sentence. The 
next hearing for the definition of the conclusions is set for 12 January 2022. 
Tax – Administrative proceedings  
With regard to the dispute pending with the tax authorities, it should note that there were no significant changes 
with respect to the previous year. 
With reference to the alleged non-application of transparency taxation (tassazione per trasparenza), provided for 
by the Controlled Foreign Company (CFC) regulations, of the income produced by CMB Monaco (formerly called 
Compagnie Monégasque de Banque) and Compagnie Monégasque de Gestion for the financial years 2013, 2014 
and 2015 three disputes are pending with the tax authorities. In detail, the dispute regarding the financial year 
2013/2014 (profits 2013, tax of € 21.3 million plus interest and penalties), in which Mediobanca was victorious 
in first instance, is pending before the Lombardy Regional Tax Court following an appeal lodged by the Revenue 
Office; disputes relating to the 2014/15 and 2015/16 fiscal years (respectively profits 2014 and 2015, tax of € 16.1 
million and € 16.4 million, plus interest and penalties) are pending the first instance hearing; 
With reference to the alleged failure to apply withholding taxes by Mediobanca on interest paid as part of a secured 
financing transaction in addition to the dispute of the year 2014 (tax of € 2.3 million, plus interest and penalties) 
and of which the setting of the first level hearing is awaited, a notice of assessment has been served in relation to 
2015 (tax for € 1.9 million, plus interest and penalties), which the Bank intends to challenge. 
With reference to the three disputes regarding the failure to reimburse interest accrued on VAT credits claimed 
by SelmaBipiemme, relating to various years (totaling € 9.4 million in interest), on 14 June 2021, the Lombardy 
Regional Tax Court accepted SelmaBipiemme's appeal and obliged the tax authorities to reimburse interest 
relating to year 2005 (totaling € 6.8 million). The deadline for the authorities to appeal to the Supreme Court is 
still pending. In order to cover the potential liability linked to a negative outcome, the company has set aside 
provisions for risks and charges of € 6 million. 
Further tax proceedings

--- Page 426 ---
- 426 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
 In addition to those listed above, eleven additional disputes are pending, including: 
 
one relating to the alleged failure by the former Banca Esperia to report a transfer of money to foreign 
countries as part of the tax monitoring communication, against which penalties were imposed for € 5.9 
million. The Company was unsuccessful in the first two levels of judgment and paid the disputed amount. 
An appeal is pending before the Supreme Court; 
 
one relating to VAT overpaid by SelmaBipiemme in relation to nautical leasing transactions in 2004, 2005 
and 2006 (tax refund requested of € 1.7 million). The company has appealed the Revenue Office's decision 
to reject the request for reimbursement and is waiting for a hearing to be scheduled; 
 
nine relating to direct and indirect taxes, of minor importance and with different levels of judgment, for a 
total of € 1.4 million in taxes assessed. 
Mediobanca SGR was also sued as manager of the real estate fund "Marsupio" in relation to the alleged failure to 
pay substitute tax on 3 transactions for a higher assessed tax of € 746.000 (charged to the fund). The Company 
was victorious in the first instance, but lost in the second and has appealed to the Supreme Court. 
On 17 December 2020, Compass Banca was served two invitations to contradictory proceedings containing 
findings for IRES and IRAP purposes for the 2015/16 financial year relating to income generated by the insurance 
brokerage activity carried out with regard to its clients and relations with the subsidiary Compass RE. The 
contradictory phase ended in March 2021 with an adhesion process regarding transfer pricing and the payment of 
higher taxes for € 3.5 million, in addition to interest and penalties for a total of € 1.6 million. In June 2021 the 
Company activated on its own initiative an adhesion process with the tax authorities on income of the same nature 
produced in the financial years 2016/17 and 2017/18; this process was concluded on 23 July 2021 with the 
payment of approximately € 2.1 million of higher taxes, in addition to interest and penalties for a total of € 0.4 
million, covering both years. The extension of the method accepted by the Administration to transactions carried 
out by Compass and Compass RE in subsequent years would not result in the emergence of higher income for the 
Company. 
Proceedings with supervisory authorities 
Mediobanca has no ongoing proceedings with any supervisory authority. 
The effects of the "Lexitor" sentence on retail operations are contained and limited to any disputes on early 
repayments of consumer credit practices (above all assignment of one-fifth of salary), which occurred before 5 
December 2019 (date of the letter to the market from the Bank of Italy on the Lexitor sentence), for which a 
number of complaints have been received that are following the normal procedural process. On 25 July 2021 Law 
no. 106/2021 came into force, converting Decree Law no. 73/2021, which reformulated the text of art. 125 sexies 
of the Consolidated Banking Law and clarified that the effects of the aforementioned sentence only apply to 
contracts concluded after the entry into force of the aforementioned law. As reported, Compass allocated a 
provision of € 15 million, of which € 3.5 million was used. 
Antitrust proceedings 
As far as the Group is concerned, Compass, following proceedings with the Italian Antitrust Authority, in relation 
to the alleged forced combination of financing and insurance products not related to loan, had two proceedings 
pending before the Lazio Regional Administrative Court to challenge the measures by which the aforementioned 
proceedings have been concluded. Of the two judgments, the first ended with the rejection of the appeal by the 
court (sentence published on 6 September 2021), whilst the second is currently still pending before the Lazio 
Regional Administrative Court. In the meantime Compass will also assess the advisability of a possible appeal to 
the Council of State of the first measure within the terms of the law. 
Inspections 
As part of the ordinary supervisory activities by the ECB, it should be noted that an OSI (on-site inspection) on 
the subject of "market risk" was launched in September 2019. The final report of the inspection was delivered on 
22 March 2021; the Issuer remains waiting for the report to be acknowledged by the JST (Joint Supervisory Team) 
of the ECB and any recommendations to be provided by it.

--- Page 427 ---
- 427 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
In November 2021, an additional inspection was launched in parallel, which will focus specifically on market risk 
issues relating to calculation and monitoring of trading P&L, independent price verification and fair value 
measurement on a small sample of selected transactions. 
MATERIAL AGREEMENTS 
Neither Mediobanca nor any of the companies controlled by Mediobanca has entered into or participates in 
agreements outside of their normal course of business which could result an obligation or entitlement for Group 
members that would impact significantly on the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations in respect of the holders of 
financial instruments issued or to be issued. 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
Mediobanca approved the consolidated financial statements as at 30 June 2021 
On 23 September 2021, the Board of Directors of Mediobanca examined and approved the consolidated annual 
financial statements as at and for the financial year ended 30 June 2021, which is incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus.  
Mediobanca approved the consolidated quarterly results as at 30 September 2021 
On 27 October 2021 the press release related to the approval of the consolidated quarterly results as at and for the 
three-month period ended 30 September 2021 was published. 
Mediobanca ordinary and extraordinary annual shareholders' meeting  
On 28 October 2021, the shareholders' meeting of the Issuer examined and approved, as ordinary meeting, the 
Issuer's financial statements as at 30 June 2021 and the amount of profit for the period being allocated to reserves.

--- Page 428 ---
- 428 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF MEDIOBANCA – BANCA DI CREDITO FINANZIARIO S.P.A. 
The consolidated annual financial statements of Mediobanca as at and for the years ended 30 June 2021 and 2020 
were prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European Union. 
All the above consolidated financial statements, prepared in each case together with the notes thereto, are 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. See "Documents Incorporated by Reference". 
The annual consolidated financial statements referred to above have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers 
S.p.A., whose reports thereon are attached to such annual financial statements.

--- Page 429 ---
69672-10-20357-v6.0 
- 429 - 
47-40720036 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
INFORMATION ON MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (LUXEMBOURG) S.A. 
General Information 
Name: 
Mediobanca 
International 
(Luxembourg) 
S.A. 
("Mediobanca 
International"). 
Date of Incorporation: 
Mediobanca International was incorporated in 1990 and its registered 
office was transferred to Luxembourg by a resolution of the 
Shareholders before a notary on 21 December 2005 and the articles of 
incorporation were published in the Mémorial Recueil des Sociétés et 
Associations number 567 on 17 March 2006. The articles of 
association were amended on 5 October 2007 and were published in 
the Mémorial Recueil des Sociétés et Associations number 2995 on 24 
December 2007. The articles of association were further amended on 
30 January 2017 and were published in the Recueil électronique des 
Sociétés et Associations number RESA_2017_042 of 16 February 
2017. 
The 
LEI 
code 
of 
Mediobanca 
International 
is 
549300DV870NBWY5W279. 
Legislation: 
Mediobanca International operates under Luxembourg law. 
Registered Office and Telephone 
Number: 
4, Boulevard Joseph II, L-1840 Luxembourg, Tel. No.: (00352) 
267303-1. 
Registration: 
Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés Luxembourg number B 112885. 
Financial Year: 
Mediobanca International's financial year ends on 30th June of each 
year. 
General Meetings: 
General Meetings are held at least once a year. 
Share Information 
Authorised and Issued Capital: 
EUR 10,000,000 divided into 1,000,000 ordinary shares of EUR 10.00 
each. 
Reserves: 
EUR 320,782,764 as at 30 June 2021. 
Controlling Shareholders: 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Change of control: 
Mediobanca International is not aware of any agreements aimed at 
bringing about future changes regarding the ownership structure of 
Mediobanca International. 
 
Management 
Board of Directors: 
The Articles of Association provide for a Board of Directors consisting 
of at least three members elected by the general meeting of 
shareholders for a term of office not to exceed six years. 
Directors: 
The Board of Directors is responsible for setting authorisation levels, 
defining organisational structure, defining the system of internal 
control and reviewing it on a regular basis, and approving the bank's 
accounts and interim statements. The Board of Directors has been 
appointed by the shareholders meeting held on 16 October  2020 and 
is composed as follow:

--- Page 430 ---
- 430 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
 
Director 
Place and date of birth Posts held inside 
Mediobanca 
International 
 
Giovanni Mancuso 
Turin  
on 5 December 1954 
Chairman 
 
Alessandro Ragni  
Milan  
on 23 May 1977 
Managing 
Director & CEO 
 
Massimo Amato 
Lecce  
on 15 January 1958 
Director 
 
Piero Pezzati 
Milan  
on 23 March 1953 
Director 
 
Jessica Spina 
Manchester 
on 27 January 1969 
Director 
 
Stéphane Bosi 
Monticelli d'Ongina on 
27 April 1953 
Director 
 
Lara Pizzimiglia 
Piacenza  
on 21 June 1969  
Director 
 
The business address of each of the directors is 4, Boulevard Joseph 
II, L-1840 Luxembourg, with the exception of Jessica Spina and Lara 
Pizzimiglia whose business address is Piazzetta E. Cuccia 1, 20121, 
Milan, Italy. 
There are no potential conflicts of interests between any of the 
Directors' duties to Mediobanca International and their private 
interests or other duties. 
Authorised managers: 
Day-to-day management is entrusted to two authorised managers: 
Alessandro Ragni (Managing Director and CEO) and Rocco Cosimo 
Damiano Di Leo (Chief Financial Officer). 
Approved independent auditors: 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société coopérative, incorporated under the 
laws of Luxembourg, with its registered office at 2, rue Gerhard 
Mercator, B.P. 1443, L-1014 Luxembourg, and registered with the 
Luxembourg Trade and Companies Register under number B.65477 
("PwC Luxembourg"), was designated, during a meeting of the Board 
of Directors held on 11 September 2012, the Mediobanca 
International's independent auditors (réviseur d'entreprises agréé). 
Their mandate was renewed by the Board of Directors on 14 December 
2016 for a period ending at the shareholders' annual general meeting 
held in 2021. 
PwC Luxembourg, has audited the non-consolidated financial 
statements of Mediobanca International as at and for the years ended 
30 June 2021 and 30 June 2020. 
PwC Luxembourg is registered as a cabinet de révision with the public 
register of company auditors drawn up by the Luxembourg Ministry 
of Justice and is a member of the Institute of Independent Auditors 
(l'Institut des Réviseurs d'Entreprises) and is approved by the 
Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier ("CSSF") in the 
context of the law dated 23 July 2016 on the audit profession, as 
amended.

--- Page 431 ---
- 431 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
The auditing firm Ernst & Young, Société Anonyme, incorporated 
under the laws of Luxembourg, with its registered office at 35E, 
Avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, and registered with 
the Luxembourg Trade and Companies Register under number 
B47771 (“EY Luxembourg”) has been appointed, during the meeting 
of the Board of Directors held on 29 April 2021, as Mediobanca 
International's independent auditors (réviseur d'entreprises agréé), to 
audit the accounts for the financial years from 30 June 2022 to 30 June 
2030. 
EY Luxembourg is registered as a cabinet de révision with the public 
register of company auditors drawn up by the Luxembourg Ministry 
of Justice and is a member of the Institute of Independent Auditors 
(l'Institut des Réviseurs d'Entreprises) and is approved by the CSSF in 
the context of the law dated 23 July 2016 on the audit profession, as 
amended. 
Corporate governance: 
Mediobanca International is not subject to any compulsory corporate 
governance code of conduct or respective statutory legal provisions. 
The Luxembourg law dated 10 August 1915 on commercial 
companies, as amended, does not make the application of a corporate 
governance code mandatory to Mediobanca International. The Ten 
Principles of Corporate Governance of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange do not apply because the shares of Mediobanca International 
are not listed on a regulated market operated by the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange. 
Object and General Business Policy 
Business Operations: 
Article 3 of Mediobanca International's Article of Association 
provides, among other things, that the sole object of Mediobanca 
International is to carry out, either within or outside the Grand Duchy 
of Luxembourg, any banking or financial operations authorised by the 
law relating to the financial sector. 
 
Mediobanca International's principal activity consists of raising funds 
on international markets, by issues of bonds chiefly under a short and 
medium-term notes programme guaranteed by Mediobanca. 
Mediobanca International is also engaged in corporate lending 
operations. 
Risk Management: 
All interest rate, currency, credit and other risks are managed within 
the Mediobanca Group. 
Tax Treatment: 
See "Taxation - (B) Tax Regime for Mediobanca International issues 
– Luxembourg". 
 
Main financial information of Mediobanca International 
Selected annual financial information. The summary audited balance sheet, profit and loss account and cash 
flow statement of Mediobanca International as at 30 June 2021 are shown below, along with comparative data for 
the year ended 30 June 2020. 
MAIN STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION ITEMS 
 
Year ended 30 June 
 
 
2021 
2020 
CHANGES 
2021/2020 
 
 
€m 
€m 
%

--- Page 432 ---
- 432 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
Assets 
 
 
 
Financial assets valued at amortised cost – due from banks 
2,558.9 
2,086.4  
22.6% 
Financial assets valued at amortised cost – due from customers 
4,319.8 
4,142.3 
4.3% 
Financial assets* 
128.9 
160.1 
-19.6% 
Total Assets 
7,128.5 
6,428.6 
10.9% 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
Financial liabilities valued at amortised cost – debt securities in issue 
2,938.2 
3,137.7 
-6.4% 
Financial liabilities valued at amortised cost – due to banks 
3,746.1 
2,696.5 
38.9% 
Financial liabilities valued at amortised cost – due to customers 
63.6 
133.3 
-52.4% 
Financial liabilities valued at FVTPL 
28.2 
118.8 
-76.2% 
Net equity** 
330.8 
341.5 
-3.2% 
of which: share capital 
10.0 
10.0 
0.0% 
Profit for the period 
5.3 
-10.8 
n.m. 
Total Liabilities 
7,128.5 
6,428.6 
10.9% 
* 
Includes financial assets valued at FVTPL and hedging derivatives 
** 
Includes reserves and share capital. 
 
MAIN STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME ITEMS 
 
Year ended 30 June 
 
 
2021 
2020 
CHANGES 
2021/2020 
 
 
€m 
€m 
% 
Net interest income 
15.8 
5.4 
n.m. 
Net fee and commission income 
1.4 
5.7 
-75.4% 
Total income 
16.5 
12.0 
37.5% 
Net income from financial operations 
14.4 
-1.9 
n.m. 
Administrative expenses 
-11.8 
-9.6 
22.9% 
Profit of the ordinary activity before tax 
8.1 
-13.2 
n.m. 
Profit for the year 
5.3 
-10.8 
n.m. 
 
CASH FLOW STATEMENT 
Year ended 30 June 
 
 
CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 
2021 
2020 
 
(€ thousands) 
Operating activities 
3,011 
-2,366 
Cash generated/(absorbed) by financial assets 
-701,002 
1,641,287 
Cash (generated)/absorbed by financial liabilities 
741,793 
-1,638,921 
Cash flow from operating activities 
- 
- 
 
  
 
CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 
  
 
Cash flow from investing activities 
- 
- 
 
  
 
CAPITAL MANAGEMENT 
  
 
Cash flow from capital management activities 
- 
- 
 
  
 
NET CASH INFLOW (OUTFLOW) DURING THE YEAR 
43.802 
-

--- Page 433 ---
- 433 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1

--- Page 434 ---
- 434 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL 
(LUXEMBOURG) S.A. 
Mediobanca International only produces non-consolidated annual financial statements. 
The non-consolidated annual financial statements of Mediobanca International as at and for the years ended 30 
June 2021 and 2020 were prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European Union. 
All of the above consolidated financial statements, prepared in each case together with the notes thereto, are 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. See "Documents Incorporated by Reference". 
The non-consolidated annual financial statements as at and for the year ended 30 June 2021 and 2020 have been 
audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société coopérative, whose reports thereon are attached to such non-
consolidated annual financial statements.

--- Page 435 ---
- 435 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 
References in this Base Prospectus to "Mandated Dealer(s)" are to the entity listed in the paragraph headed 
"Dealer" in the section headed "Description of the Issuance Programme" above and to such additional entities 
which are appointed from time to time as dealers in respect of the whole Programme (and whose appointment has 
not been terminated). References to "Dealers" are to all entities appointed from time to time as a dealer solely in 
respect of one or more Tranches, which may include but is not limited to, any Mandated Dealer(s). 
The Issuers may from time to time appoint one or more Dealer(s) in respect of the Programme or in relation to a 
single Tranche only during the term of the Securities. Any such new Dealer(s) shall accede to the Dealer 
Agreement by execution of a dealer accession letter substantially in the form set out in Schedule 4 (Form of Dealer 
Accession Letter) to the Programme Manual (the "Dealer Accession Letter") and will become a party to a dealer 
agreement dated 3 December 2021 between the Issuers, Guarantor and Mandated Dealer, as further amended or 
supplemented from time to time (the "Dealer Agreement") with all the authority, rights, powers, duties and 
obligations of a Dealer as if originally named as a Dealer thereunder. 
Subject to the terms and conditions of the Dealer Agreement, the Securities will be offered on a continuous basis 
by each Issuer to the Mandated Dealers. However, in respect of single Tranches, the relevant Issuer has reserved 
the right to sell Securities directly on its own behalf to Dealers which are not Mandated Dealers. 
The relevant Issuer may also offer and sell Securities directly to investors without the involvement of any Dealer. 
The Securities may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as 
determined by the relevant Dealer. The Securities may also be sold by the relevant Issuer through the Dealers, 
acting as agents of such Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Securities to be issued in syndicated 
Tranches which are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Dealer Agreement, the relevant Issuer, failing which, where applicable, 
the Guarantor, has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale 
of the Securities. The Dealer Agreement may be terminated in relation to all the Dealers or any of them by 
Mediobanca and Mediobanca International, acting together or, in relation to itself and Mediobanca and 
Mediobanca International only, by any Dealer, at any time on giving not less than ten Business Days' notice. 
General 
The selling restrictions described below may be modified by the agreement of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor 
(where applicable) and the Dealers following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such 
modification will be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Securities, or 
possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any country 
or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
The Dealer and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme has agreed that it will comply with all relevant 
laws, regulations and directives in force in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers 
Securities or has in its possession or distributes the Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final 
Terms and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery 
by it of Securities under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it 
makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable), 
nor any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefore. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Securities specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as 
"Applicable", the Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic 
Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 436 ---
- 436 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 as amended, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Securities. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Securities specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
applicable", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, the Dealer has represented, 
warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Securities which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that 
Member State, except that it may make an offer of Securities to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
if the final terms in relation to the Securities specify that an offer of those Securities may be made other 
than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State (a "Non-exempt Offer"), 
following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Securities which has been approved 
by the competent authority in that Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another Member 
State and notified to the competent authority in that Member State, provided that any such prospectus 
has subsequently been completed by the final terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in 
such prospectus or final terms, as applicable and the relevant Issuer has consented in writing to its use 
for the purpose of the Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated 
by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation 
provided that no such offer of Securities referred to in paragraphs (a) to (d) above shall require any of the Issuers 
or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
It being understood that, any offer of Securities whose Final Terms specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable" could be subject to further selling restrictions to retail investors and consequently 
no key information document, under Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended), may be available. Therefore, 
offering or selling the Securities, or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(i) 
an "offer of Securities to the public" in relation to any Securities in any Member State means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the 
Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Securities; and 
(ii) 
the "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended from time to time. 
Ireland 
The Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered sold, underwritten or placed and will not offer, sell, underwrite or 
place or do anything in Ireland with respect to the Securities:

--- Page 437 ---
- 437 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
(a) 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of (i) the European Union (Markets in Financial 
Instruments) Regulations 2017 of Ireland (the "MiFID II Regulations"), including, without limitation, 
Regulation 5 (Requirement for authorisation (and certain provisions concerning MTFs and OTFs)) 
thereof and in connection with the MiFID II Regulations, any rules or codes of conduct or practice issued, 
or any conditions or requirements, or any other enactment, imposed or approved by the Central Bank of 
Ireland (ii) Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 
and Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in 
financial instruments and amending Directive 2002/92/EC and Directive 2011/61/EU (recast) (together, 
“MiFID II”) and any applicable rules or codes of conduct or practice and if acting under an authorisation 
granted to it for the purposes of MiFID II, otherwise than in conformity with the terms of that 
authorisation, and (iii) the Investor Compensation Act 1998; 
(b) 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland (the "2014 Act"), 
the Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2018 and any rules or codes of conduct or practice made under Section 
117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989 of Ireland; and 
(c) 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 and any 
delegated or implementing acts adopted thereunder, the European Union (Prospectus) Regulations 2019 
of Ireland and any other Irish prospectus law as defined in the 2014 Act, the Central Bank (Investment 
Market Conduct) Rules 2019 of Ireland, and any other rules made or guidelines issued under Section 
1363 of the 2014 Act by the Central Bank of Ireland; and 
(d) 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on market abuse, the Market Abuse Directive on criminal 
sanctions for market abuse (Directive 2014/57/EU), the European Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 
2016 of Ireland and any Irish market abuse law as defined in those Regulations or in the 2014 Act and 
any rules made or guidance issued by the Central Bank of Ireland in connection therewith (including any 
rules made or guidelines issued under Section 1370 of the 2014 Act by the Central Bank of Ireland). 
References in this section to any legislation (including, without limitation, European Union legislation) shall be 
deemed to refer to such legislation as the same has been or may from time to time be amended, supplemented, 
consolidated or replaced and shall include reference to all implementing measures, delegated acts, rules and 
guidance in respect thereof. 
United States of America 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1993, as amended (the 
"Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdictions of the United States, 
and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except 
in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Securities in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a U.S. person, subject to certain exemptions. Terms used in this paragraph 
have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and regulations thereunder. 
The Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it will not offer sell or deliver the Securities (i) as part of their distribution at any time 
or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after completion of the distribution of the Securities comprising the relevant Tranche 
as determined, and certified to the relevant Issuer or the Fiscal Agent by such Dealer (or, in the case of a sale of a 
Tranche of Securities to or through more than one Dealer, by each of such Dealers as to the Securities of such 
Tranche purchased by or through it in which case the Fiscal Agent or the relevant Issuer shall notify each such 
Dealer when all such Dealers have so certified) within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons. The Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to agree, that it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Securities during the distribution compliance 
period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the 
Securities within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Securities within the United 
States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the

--- Page 438 ---
- 438 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an applicable exemption from 
registration under the Securities Act (if available). 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes 
of this provision:  
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and  
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Securities. 
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
In relation to each Tranche of Securities, each Dealer, subscribing for or purchasing such Securities, represents to 
and agrees with the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable) and each other such Dealer (if any) appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Securities having a maturity of less than one year from the date of 
issue: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Securities other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Securities would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of FSMA by 
the relevant Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity 
(within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Securities in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the relevant Issuer or 
the Guarantor (where applicable); and

--- Page 439 ---
- 439 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Securities in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Securities has not been registered and will not be registered with the Italian Financial Regulator 
(Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa or "CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, 
accordingly, the Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree thatno Securities may be offered, sold, promoted, advertised or delivered, 
directly or indirectly, to the public in the Republic of Italy, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus, any Final 
Terms or any other document relating to the Securities be distributed, made available or advertised in the Republic 
of Italy, except: 
(1) 
if it is specified in the relevant Final Terms that a Non-exempt Offer may be made in the Republic of 
Italy, that each Dealer may offer, sell or deliver Securities or distribute copies of any prospectus in 
relation to such Securities, provided that such prospectus has been (i) approved in another Member State 
and notified to CONSOB and (ii) completed by final terms (if applicable) expressly contemplating such 
Non-exempt Offer, in an offer of financial products to the public in the period commencing on the date 
of approval of such prospectus, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, Legislative Decree No. 
58 of 24 February 1998, as amended ("Financial Services Act") and CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 
of 14 May 1999, as amended ("Regulation No. 11971/1999"), until 12 months after the date of approval 
of such prospectus; 
(2) 
to "qualified investors" (investitori qualificati), as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; or 
(3) 
in any other circumstances where an express applicable exemption from compliance with the restrictions 
on the offer of financial products to the public applies, as provided under the Prospectus Regulation. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Securities or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms 
or any other document relating to the Securities in the Republic of Italy under (1), (2) or (3) above must be: 
(a) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended from 
time to time (the "Italian Banking Act"), Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 
15 February 2018, as amended from time to time, and any other applicable laws and regulations; 
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Italian Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank 
of Italy, as amended from time to time, pursuant to which the Bank of Italy requests information on the 
issue or the offer of securities in the Republic of Italy or by Italian person outside the Republic of Italy; 
and 
(c) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirements imposed by CONSOB or 
the Bank of Italy or any other Italian regulatory authority. 
Provisions relating to the secondary market 
In accordance with Article 5 of the Prospectus Regulation and the applicable Italian laws, where no exemption 
from the rules of the public offerings applies under (i) and (ii) above applies, the subsequent distribution of the 
Notes on the secondary market in Italy must be made in compliance with the rules on offers of securities to be 
made to the public provided under the Prospectus Regulation and the applicable Italian laws and regulations. 
Failure to comply with such rules may result, inter alia, in the sale of such Notes being declared null and void and 
in the liability of the intermediary transferring the Notes for any damages suffered by the investors. 
France 
Please refer to paragraph “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” above. 
Japan

--- Page 440 ---
- 440 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948). Accordingly, the Dealer has undertaken and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to undertake that it has not, directly or indirectly, and will not, directly or indirectly, 
offer to sell any Securities in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any Japanese Person or to others for re-offering or 
resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any Japanese Person except under circumstances which will result in 
compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and guidelines promulgated by the relevant Japanese 
governmental and regulatory authorities and in effect at the relevant time. For the purposes of this paragraph, 
"Japanese Person" shall mean any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised 
under the laws of Japan.

--- Page 441 ---
- 441 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
GENERAL CONSENT — THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR TERMS 
These terms (the "Authorised Offeror Terms") will be relevant in the case of any Tranche of Securities, if (and 
only if) Part B of the applicable Final Terms specifies "General Consent" as "Applicable". They are the 
Authorised Offeror Terms which will be referred to in the "Acceptance Statement" to be published on the website 
of any financial intermediary which (a) is authorised to make such offers under MiFID II and (b) accepts such 
offer by publishing an Acceptance Statement on its website. 
1. 
General 
The relevant financial intermediary: 
(i) 
Applicable Rules: acts in accordance with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidance 
of any applicable regulatory bodies (the "Rules") including, without limitation and in each case, 
Rules relating to both the appropriateness or suitability of any investment in the Securities by 
an Investor and disclosure to any potential Investor; 
(ii) 
Subscription and sale: complies with the restrictions set out under "Plan of Distribution" in this 
Base Prospectus which would apply as if it were a relevant Dealer and with any further relevant 
requirements as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms and consider the relevant 
manufacturer's target market assessment and distribution channels identified under the "MiFID 
II product governance" legend set out in the applicable Final Terms and the target market 
assessment and distribution channels identified under the “UK MiFIR product governance” 
legend set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
(iii) 
Fees, commissions and benefits: ensures that any fee, commission, benefits of any kind, rebate 
received or paid by that financial intermediary in relation to the offer or sale of the Securities 
does not violate the Rules and is fully and clearly disclosed to Investors or potential Investors; 
(iv) 
Licences, consents, approvals and permissions: holds all licences, consents, approvals and 
permissions required in connection with solicitation of interest in, or offers or sales of, the 
Securities under the Rules; 
(v) 
Violation of Rules: it will immediately inform the Issuer, the Guarantor and any relevant Dealer 
if at any relevant time it becomes aware or suspects that it is or may be in violation of any Rules; 
(vi) 
Anti-money laundering, bribery and corruption: complies with, and takes appropriate steps in 
relation to, applicable anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, prevention of corruption and "know 
your client" Rules, and does not permit any application for Securities in circumstances where 
the financial intermediary has any suspicions as to the source of the purchase monies; 
(vii) 
Record-keeping: retains investor identification records for at least the minimum period required 
under applicable Rules, and shall, if so requested and to the extent permitted by the Rules, make 
such records available to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer or directly to the 
appropriate authorities with jurisdiction over the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or the relevant 
Dealer in order to enable the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or the relevant Dealer to comply with 
anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and "know your client" Rules applying to the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and/or the relevant Dealer; 
(viii) 
Breach of Rules: does not, directly or indirectly, cause the Issuer, the Guarantor or the relevant 
Dealer to breach any Rule or subject the Issuer, the Guarantor or the relevant Dealer to any 
requirement to obtain or make any filing, authorisation or consent in any jurisdiction; 
(ix) 
Publicity names: does not use the legal or publicity names of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the 
relevant Dealer(s) or any other name, brand or logo registered by an entity within their 
respective groups or any material over which any such entity retains a proprietary interest or in 
any statements (oral or written), marketing material or documentation in relation to the 
Securities;

--- Page 442 ---
- 442 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
(x) 
Information: does not give any information other than that contained in this Base Prospectus (as 
may be amended or supplemented by the Issuer from time to time) or make any representation 
in connection with the offering or sale of, or the solicitation of interest in, the Securities; 
(xi) 
Communications: agrees that any communication in which it attaches or otherwise includes any 
announcement published by the Issuer (via any relevant applicable methods) at the end of the 
Offer Period will be consistent with the Base Prospectus, and (in any case) must be fair, clear 
and not misleading and in compliance with the Rules and must state that such Authorised 
Offeror has provided it independently from the Issuer and must expressly confirm that the Issuer 
has not accepted any responsibility for the content of any such communication; 
(xii) 
Legal or publicity names: does not use the legal or publicity names of the relevant Dealer, the 
Issuer or any other name, brand or logo registered by any entity within their respective groups 
or any material over which any such entity retains a proprietary interest or in any statements 
(oral or written), marketing material or documentation in relation to the Securities; 
(xiii) 
Any other conditions: agrees to any other conditions set out in Paragraph 12 of Part B of the 
relevant Final Terms. 
2. 
Indemnity 
The relevant financial intermediary agrees that if either of the Issuer or the Guarantor incurs any liability, 
damages, cost, loss or expense (including, without limitation, legal fees, costs and expenses and any 
value added tax thereon) (a "Loss") arising out of, in connection with or based on any inaccuracy of any 
of the foregoing representations and warranties or any breach of any of the foregoing undertakings then 
the relevant financial intermediary shall pay to the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) on demand 
an amount equal to such Loss. 
3. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
The relevant financial intermediary agrees that: 
 
the contract between the Issuer, the Guarantor and the financial intermediary formed upon 
acceptance by the financial intermediary of the offer of the Issuer and the Guarantor to use this 
Base Prospectus with their consent in connection with the relevant Public Offer (the 
"Authorised Offeror Contract"), and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract, shall be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, English law; 
 
the courts of England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise 
out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract (including a dispute relating to any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror 
Contract) and accordingly the relevant financial intermediary submits to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the English courts; 
 
each relevant Dealer will, pursuant to the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, be 
entitled to enforce those provisions of the Authorised Offeror Contract which are, or are 
expressed to be, for their benefit but, subject to this, a person who is not a party to the Authorised 
Offeror Contract has no right to enforce any term of the Authorised Offeror Contract; and 
 
the parties to the Authorised Offeror Contract do not require the consent of any person not a 
party to the Authorised Offeror Contract to rescind or vary the Authorised Offeror Contract at 
any time.

--- Page 443 ---
- 443 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Securities will be in the following form completed to reflect the 
particular terms of the relevant Securities and their issue. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form 
part of the form of the Final Terms but denotes directions for completing the Final Terms. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - [Insert if the Securities are not intended to be 
offered to retail investors under PRIIPs regulation] The Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 ("IMD"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Securities are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – [Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process], the target market assessment in respect of the 
Securities has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Securities is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Securities to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any 
negative 
target 
market]. 
[Mediobanca’s 
product 
approval 
process 
is 
available 
at: 
https://www.mediobanca.com/en/mifid.html]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Securities (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Securities (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] [Consider to amend the legend above if necessary] 12 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Securities has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Securities is only eligible counterparties, as 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined 
in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Securities to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate except for pure execution services for the latter. [Consider any negative target 
market]. [Mediobanca’s product approval process is available at: https://www.mediobanca.com/en/mifid.html]. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Securities (a "distributor") should take into 
                                                          
 
12  Include legend in case MiFID II target market assessment in respect of the Securities is "Professional Investors 
and Eligible Counterparties only".

--- Page 444 ---
- 444 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Securities (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] [Consider to amend the legend above if necessary] 13 
[MiFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market – [Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process,] the target market assessment in respect 
of the Securities has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Securities is eligible counterparties, 
professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); 
EITHER [and (ii) all the following channels for distribution of the Securities are appropriate- [investment advice, 
portfolio management, non-advised sales]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate except for pure execution services for the latter; and (iii) the following 
channels for distribution of the Securities to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio 
management[,/ and][ non-advised sales][, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations 
under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market and amend the list if necessary]. 
[Mediobanca’s product approval process is available at: https://www.mediobanca.com/en/mifid.html]. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Securities (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Securities (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, 
subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable] [Consider to 
amend the legend above if necessary].]14 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Securities has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Securities is retail clients, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct 
of Business Sourcebook ("COBS") and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); EITHER [and (ii) the following channels for 
distribution of the Securities are appropriate - [investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales]] OR 
[(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate except for pure 
execution services for the latter; and (iii)  the following channels for distribution of the Securities to retail clients 
are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][, subject to the 
distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative 
target 
market]. 
[Mediobanca’s 
product 
approval 
process 
is 
available 
at: 
https://www.mediobanca.com/en/mifid.html]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Securities (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook 
(the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Securities (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under COBS, as applicable. [Consider to amend the legend above if necessary].]15  
 
 
                                                          
 
13  Include legend in case UK MiFIR target market assessment in respect of the Securities is "Professional 
Investors and Eligible Counterparties only". 
14  Include legend in case MiFID II target market assessment in respect of the Securities is "Retail Investor Target 
Market". 
15  Include legend in case UK MiFIR target market assessment in respect of the Securities is "Retail Investor 
Target Market".

--- Page 445 ---
- 445 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
Final Terms 
[MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Legal entity indentifier (LEI): PSNL19R2RXX5U3QWHI44/ 
MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (Luxembourg) S.A. 
Legal entity indentifier (LEI): 549300DV870NBWY5W279] 
[insert title of Securities] 
[guaranteed in the case of Securities issued by  
MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (Luxembourg) S.A. by 
MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A.] 
under the 
Issuance Programme 
SERIES NO:  [●] 
TRANCHE NO:  [●] 
Issue Price: [●] per [Security] 
[Dealer(s)] 
 
The date of these Final Terms is [●] 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Securities may only do so[: 
(i) 
in those Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions mentioned in Paragraph 11 of Part B below, provided such 
person is a Dealer or an Authorised Offeror (as such term is defined in the Base Prospectus) and that the 
offer is made during the Offer Period specified in that paragraph and that any conditions relevant to the 
use of the Base Prospectus are complied with; or 
(ii) 
otherwise]16 in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer.  
[Neither][None of] the Issuer [nor], [the Guarantor or] any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the 
making of any offer of Securities in any other circumstances. 
[Investors should note that if a supplement to or an updated version of the Base Prospectus referred to below is 
published at any time during the Offer Period (as defined below), such supplement or updated base prospectus, as 
the case may be, will be published and made available in accordance with the arrangements applied to the original 
publication of these Final Terms. Any investors who have indicated acceptances of the Offer (as defined below) 
prior to the date of publication of such supplement or updated version of the Base Prospectus, as the case may be, 
                                                          
 
16  Include this wording where a non-exempt offer of Securities is anticipated.

--- Page 446 ---
- 446 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
(the "Publication Date") have the right within three working days of the Publication Date to withdraw their 
acceptances.]17 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 3 December 2021 [, [the][each] Supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus published and approved 
on or before the date of these Final Terms (copies of which are available as described below) and any other 
Supplement to the Base Prospectus which may have been published and approved before the issue of any 
additional amount of Securities (the "Supplements") (provided that to the extent any such Supplement (i) is 
published and approved after the date of these Final Terms and (ii) provides for any change to the Conditions of 
the Securities such changes shall have no effect with respect to the Conditions of the Securities to which these 
Final Terms relate)] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus [for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation")] (the "Base Prospectus"). [The Base Prospectus has been 
passported into the Public Offer Jurisdictions in compliance with Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation.] [This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Securities described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus] [Insert for Non-EEA Securities: 
provided that the Prospectus Regulation does not apply in respect of the particular offer [and listing] of the 
Securities described herein]. Full information on [Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario 
S.p.A.]/[Mediobanca International (Luxembourg) S.A.] (the "Issuer") [, Mediobanca - Banca di Credito 
Finanziario S.p.A. (the "Guarantor")], [and the offer][and/or] [listing] of the Securities is only available on the 
basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. [A summary of the Securities is annexed 
to these Final Terms.] [The Base Prospectus [and any Supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus] [and these Final 
Terms] [is/are] available for viewing at [address] [and] [website] and copies may be obtained free of charge 
from [address].]] 18 
[The following alternative language applies in respect of issues of Securities where the public offer period spans 
a supplement to the Base Prospectus or an update to the Base Prospectus 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions of the 
Securities (the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 3 December 2021 [,[the][each] Supplement[s] 
to the Base Prospectus published and approved on or before the date of these Final Terms (copies of which are 
available as described below)] [notwithstanding the publication and approval of any [other] Supplement to the 
2021 Base Prospectus (each a "2021 Future Supplement") which may have been published and approved 
([together,] the "2021 Base Prospectus")] after the date of these Final Terms and before the issue of the Securities 
to which these Final Terms relate)] [and/or] [an updated Base Prospectus (any Supplement(s) thereto, each a "2022 
Future Supplement"), which will replace the 2021 Base Prospectus (the "2022 Base Prospectus")] (the date of 
any such publication and approval, each a "Publication Date"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Securities described herein [for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation] and [(i) prior to any 
Publication Date, must be read in conjunction with the 2021 Base Prospectus, or (ii)] on and after any Publication 
Date must be read in conjunction with [the 2021 Base Prospectus, as supplemented by any 2021 Future 
Supplement as at such date] [or, as applicable,] [the 2022 Base Prospectus, as supplemented by any 2022 Future 
Supplement as at such date],] save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the 2021 Base Prospectus. 
The 2021 Base Prospectus, as supplemented, constitutes [, and the 2022 Base Prospectus will constitute,] a base 
prospectus [for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation]. Full information on [Mediobanca - Banca di Credito 
Finanziario S.p.A.]/[Mediobanca International (Luxembourg) S.A.] (the "Issuer") [, Mediobanca - Banca di 
Credito Finanziario S.p.A. (the "Guarantor")], [and the offer][and/or] [listing] of the Securities is only available 
on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and [(i) prior to any Publication Date, the 2021 Base 
Prospectus, or (ii)] [on or after any Publication Date, [the 2021 Base Prospectus, as supplemented by any 2021 
Future Supplement as at such date] [or, as applicable,] [the 2022 Base Prospectus, as supplemented by any 2022 
Future Supplement as at such date], save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the 2021 Base 
Prospectus. [The Issuer has in the 2021 Base Prospectus given consent to the use of the 2021 Base Prospectus in 
connection with the offer of the Securities. Such consent will be valid until the date that is twelve months following 
the date of the 2021 Base Prospectus. The Issuer will in the 2022 Base Prospectus give consent to the use of the 
                                                          
 
17  Include in respect of issues of Securities where the public offer period spans a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus or an update to the Base Prospectus. 
18  In case of exempt issuance, references to the Prospectus Regulation shall be deleted.

--- Page 447 ---
- 447 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
2021 Base Prospectus in connection with the offer of the Securities.] [The 2021 Base Prospectus [, as 
supplemented,] [and these Final Terms] [is/are] available[, and the 2022 Base Prospectus will be available] 
for viewing at [address] [and] [website] and copies may be obtained free of charge from [address].] 19 
[Pursuant to Regulation EU 2016/1011 the Issuer produces and maintains plans setting out the actions to take in 
the event that the [include the name of the relevant Benchmark] materially changes or ceases to be provided. 
Details of the plans may be provided upon written request.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub paragraphs (in 
which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
directions for completing the Final Terms. However, such numbering may change where individual paragraphs 
or sub-paragraphs are removed.] 
References herein to numbered Conditions are to the terms and conditions of the relevant series of Securities and 
words and expressions defined in such terms and conditions shall bear the same meaning in these Final Terms in 
so far as they relate to such series of Securities, save as where otherwise expressly provided. 
[When completing any final terms consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation] 
[If the Securities have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum redemption value 
may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
[These Final Terms relate to the series of Securities as set out in "Specific Provisions for each Series" below. 
References herein to "Securities" shall be deemed to be references to the relevant Securities that are the subject 
of these Final Terms and references to "Security" shall be construed accordingly. 
 
 
                                                          
 
19  In case of exempt issuance, references to the Prospectus Regulation may be deleted.

--- Page 448 ---
- 448 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
SPECIFIC PROVISIONS FOR EACH SERIES 
SERIES 
NUMBER 
NO. OF 
SECURITIES 
ISSUED 
NO. OF 
SECURITIE
S 
[NO. OF 
WARRA
NTS PER 
UNIT] 
ISIN 
COMMON 
CODE 
[CFI] FISN 
ISSUE PRICE PER 
[SECURITY]/[UNIT] 
[CALL/PUT EXERCISE 
[PERIOD][DATE] 
[PARITY] [Insert other 
itendifier 
code or 
variable] 
[●] 
[●] 
[Up to] [●] 
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[[insert currency] [●]] 
[call/put] 
[●]/[Open End] 
[●] 
[●] 
(Repeat for each Series as necessary) 
(Where the Final Terms cover more than one series of Securities, the table above should be completed for all 
vabiables which will differ across the different series of Securities. The relevant line item for any such variable in 
the General Provisions below should include the following language: "See the Specific Provisions for each Series 
above".)]

--- Page 449 ---
- 449 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
The following terms apply to each series of Securities: 
1. 
Issuer: 
[Mediobanca 
- 
Banca 
di 
Credito 
Finanziario 
S.p.A.]/[Mediobanca International (Luxembourg) S.A.] 
2. 
Guarantor: 
[Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A.] 
[Not applicable] 
3. 
Series Number 
[specify] 
4. 
Tranche Number: 
[specify] 
5. 
Units:  
[Not applicable] [●] (N.B. This is in addition to any 
requirements relating to "Minimum Exercise Number" 
or "Maximum Exercise Number" set out below). 
6. 
No. of Securities per Unit: 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
7. 
Issue Currency: 
[specify] 
8. 
Exercise Price: 
[specify]. 
9. 
Issue Price per [Security]/[Unit]: 
[specify] 
10. 
Trade Date: 
[specify] 
11. 
Issue Date: 
[specify] 
12. 
[Date [Board] of approval for issuance of 
Securities [and Guarantee] obtained: 
[Not applicable] [●][and [●], respectively]] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Securities or related guarantee of the Securities) 
13. 
Consolidation: 
[Not applicable] [The Securities are to be consolidated 
and form a single series with the [insert title of relevant 
series of Securities] issued on [insert issue date] with 
effect from [insert date on which the Securities become 
fungible].] (N.B. Only applicable in relation to 
Securities which are fungible with an existing series of 
Securities) 
14. 
Type of Securities: 
(a) 
Warrants. The Securities [are European Style 
Warrants] [American Style Warrants]. 
 
 
(b) 
The Securities are [Index Securities/Share 
Securities/ETI 
Securities/Debt 
Securities/Inflation Index Securities/Currency 
Securities/Fund 
Securities/Futures 
Securities/Underlying 
Interest 
Rate 
Securities/Hybrid Securities/]]. 
 
 
[(c) 
Open End: Applicable]

--- Page 450 ---
- 450 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
 
 
[The provisions of Annex 2 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Index Securities) shall apply.] [The 
provisions of Annex 3 (Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Share Securities) shall apply.] [The provisions of 
Annex 4 (Additional Terms and Conditions for ETI 
Securities) shall apply.] [The provisions of Annex 5 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Debt Securities) 
shall apply.] [The provisions of Annex 7 (Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Inflation Index Securities) 
shall apply.] [The provisions of Annex 8 (Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Currency Securities) shall 
apply.] [The provisions of Annex 9 (Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Fund Securities) shall apply.] [The 
provisions of Annex 10 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Futures Securities) shall apply.] [The 
provisions of Annex 11 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Underlying Interest Rate Securities) shall 
apply] [The provisions of Annex [2/3/4/8/10 20 ] 
(Additional 
Terms 
and 
Conditions 
for 
[Index/Share/ETI/Currency/Futures] Securities) and 
Annex 13 (Additional Terms and Conditions for OET 
Warrants) shall apply.] 
 
 
[Unwind Costs: [Applicable]/[Not applicable]] 
[Essential Trigger: Applicable] 
15. 
Exercise Date: 
[The Exercise Date is [specify]] or, if [any] such day is 
not 
a 
Business 
Day, 
the 
immediately 
[preceding/succeeding] 
Business 
Day].] 
[Not 
applicable] 
16. 
Exercise Period: 
[Not applicable] [●] (Only applicable for American 
Style Warrants). 
17. 
(i) Non-Automatic Exercise: 
[Not applicable] 
[Non-Automatic Exercise applies to the Warrants.] 
 
(ii) Renouncement Notice Cut-off Time: 
[Not applicable] [●] (Only applicable for Italian Listed 
Securities). 
18. 
Minimum Exercise Number: 
[Not applicable] [The minimum number of Warrants that 
may be exercised on any day by any Securityholder is 
[●] [and Warrants may only be exercised in integral 
multiples of [●] Warrants in excess thereof]. 
19. 
Maximum Exercise Number: 
[Not applicable] [The maximum number of Warrants 
that must be exercised on any day by any Securityholder 
or group of Securityholders (whether or not acting in 
                                                          
 
20  For OET Warrants include relevant Annex and complete relevant section for Index/Share//Currency/Futures 
Securities and include Annex 13 (Additional Terms and Conditions for OET Warrants) and complete 
paragraph 41 as appropriate.

--- Page 451 ---
- 451 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
concert) is [●]. (N.B. not applicable for European Style 
Warrants)]. 
20. 
Exercise Notice additional certifications: 
[Not applicable] [include additional certification in 
respect of selling restrictions under the securities, 
commodities and other laws of the United States] 
21. 
Form of Securities: 
[Temporary Global Security exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Security which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Securities only in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Security] 
[Temporary Global Security exchangeable for Definitive 
Securities on or after the Exchange Date] 
[Permanent Global Security exchangeable for Definitive 
Securities only in the limited circumstances specified in 
the Permanent Global Security][TEFRA C Rules shall 
apply.] [TEFRA D Rules shall apply.] 
[The Securities will be issued and held in dematerialised 
form by [Monte Titoli S.p.A. ("Italian Dematerialised 
Securities")/ include the name of any other custodian 
appointed by the relevant Issuer], as Centralised 
Custodian.] 
22. 
Business Day Centre(s): 
The applicable Business Day Centre[s] for the purposes 
of the definition of "Business Day" in Security Condition 
3 [is/are] [●]. 
23. 
Settlement: 
Settlement will be by way of [cash payment (Cash 
Settled Securities)] [and/or] [physical delivery (Physical 
Delivery Securities)]. (N.B. Italian Dematerialised 
Securities may only be Cash Settled Securities) 
[Issuer's Option to Substitute: Not applicable] 
24. 
Settlement Date: 
[Not applicable] [specify] [The settlement date for the 
Securities is [●] [the [●]th Business Day following the 
Valuation Date] [as adjusted in accordance with the 
[Modified 
Following] 
[Following] 
[Preceding] 
[Modified Preceding] Business Day Convention].]] 
25. 
Rounding Convention for Cash Settlement 
Amount: 
[Rounding Convention 2]/[Not applicable] 
26. 
Variation of Settlement: 
 
 
(a)
Issuer's option to vary settlement: 
The Issuer [has/does not have] the option to vary 
settlement in respect of the Securities. (N.B. the Issuer's 
option to vary settlement is not applicable to Italian 
Dematerialised Securities) 
 
 
(N.B. If the Issuer does not have the option to vary 
settlement in respect of the Securities, delete the 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph 26)

--- Page 452 ---
- 452 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
 
(b)
[Variation of Settlement of Physical 
Delivery Securities 
Notwithstanding the fact that the Securities are Physical 
Delivery Securities, the Issuer may make payment of the 
Cash Settlement Amount on the Settlement Date and the 
provisions of Security Condition 4.3 will apply to the 
Securities/The Issuer will procure delivery of the 
Entitlement in respect of the Securities and the 
provisions of Security Condition 4.3 will not apply to the 
Securities.] 
27. 
Redenomination: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
28. 
FX 
Settlement 
Disruption 
Event 
Determination: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
[FX Settlement Disruption Expenses: Not applicable] 
29. 
Cash Settlement: 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Cash Settled 
Securities.) 
 
(i) 
Guaranteed 
Cash 
Settlement 
Amount: 
[Not applicable] [●] [As specified in Security Condition 
2.2] 
 
(ii) 
Maximum Amount 
[Not applicable] [●] 
 
(iii) 
Minimum Amount 
[Not applicable] [●] 
30. 
Final Payout 
 
 
 
(in case the relevant Final Payout contain an 
"Additional Final Payout" and/or an "Additional Final 
Payout 1" and/or an "Additional Final Payout 2", repeat 
all the relevant items in the Final Terms necessary to 
calculate such additional final payouts) 
(in case the Payout Switch is specified as applicable, 
repeat all the relevant items in the Final Terms 
necessary to calculate such Switched Payout) 
 
[SFP Payouts 
 
 
 
[Yield Enhancement Securities: 
 
 
[Single Final Payout - Parity and Exchange Securities 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(c).]] 
 
 
[Single Final Payout - Capped Speed Securities 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(i).]] 
 
 
[Single Final Payout - Capped Bonus Parity Exchange 
Securities 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(j).]]

--- Page 453 ---
- 453 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
 
 
[Single Final Payout - Continuous Capped Bonus Parity 
Exchange Securities 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(m).]] 
 
 
[Single Final Payout - Standard Express Securities 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(o).]] 
 
 
[Single Final Payout – Continuous Reverse Level Parity 
Exchange Securities 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(p).]] 
 
 
[Participation Securities: 
 
 
[Single Final Payout - Forex DivReinvested Fees 
Securities 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(s).]] 
 
 
[Single Final Payout - Continuous Bonus Floored 
Exchange Parity Securities 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(t).]] 
 
 
[Single Final Payout - Continuous Capped Reverse 
Level Parity Exchange Securities 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(v).]] 
 
 
[Single Final Payout - Continuous Bonus Barrier 
Securities 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(y).]] 
 
 
[Single Final Payout - Capped Continuous Bonus Barrier 
Securities 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(z).]]] 
 
 
[Leverage Securities: 
 
 
[Single Final Payout - Lower Collared Knock-Out 
Securities 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(aa).]] 
 
 
[Single Final Payout - Upper Collared Knock-Out 
Securities

--- Page 454 ---
- 454 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(bb).]] 
 
 
[Single Final Payout - Continuous Lower Knock-Out 
Securities 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(cc).]] 
 
 
[Single Final Payout - Continuous Upper Knock-Out 
Securities 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(dd).]] 
 
 
[Single Final Payout – Standard Call and Put Securities 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(ee).]] 
 
 
[Single Final Payout - Knock-In Call and Put Securities 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(ff).]] 
 
 
[Constant Leverage Securities: 
 
 
[Single Final Payout - Leverage Factor Securities 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(hh).]]]] 
 
[MFP Payouts 
[Multiple Final Payout – Constant Percentage 
Securities: 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Constant Percentage Securities 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(ii).]] 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Normal Performance 
Securities: 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Normal Performance Securities 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(jj).]] 
 
 
Multiple Final Payout - Performance Differential 
Securities: 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout - Performance Differential 
Securities: 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(kk).]] 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – 1-Way Floor Securities

--- Page 455 ---
- 455 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(ll).]] 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – 1-Way Cap Securities 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(mm).]] 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – 2-Way Securities: 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(nn).]] 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Reverse Convertible 
Securities: 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – KI –Reverse Convertible 
Securities: 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(oo)(i).]] 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – KI – Extended Reverse 
Convertible Securities: 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(oo)(ii).]] 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – KO – Extended Reverse 
Convertible Securities: 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(oo)(iii).]] 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – KO –Reverse Convertible 
Securities: 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(oo)(iv).]] 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Vanilla KI Reverse Convertible 
Securities: 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(oo)(v).]] 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Vanilla KO Reverse 
Convertible Securities: 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(oo)(vi).]] 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout –KIKO Reverse Convertible 
Securities: 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(oo)(vii).]] 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout - Vanilla Securities:

--- Page 456 ---
- 456 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Plain Vanilla Call Securities: 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(pp)(i)]] 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Plain Vanilla Call Spread 
Securities: 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(pp)(ii).]] 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Plain Vanilla Put Securities: 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(pp)(iii).]] 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Plain Vanilla Put Spread 
Securities: 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(pp)(iv).]] 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Plain Vanilla KI Digital 
Securities: 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(pp)(v).]] 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Plain Vanilla KO Digital 
Securities: 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(pp)(vi).]] 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Geared Knock-in Vanilla Call 
Securities: 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(pp)(vii).]] 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Geared Knock-out Vanilla Call 
Securities: 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(pp)(viii).]] 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout - Asian Securities: 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Standard Asian Securities: 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(qq)(i).]] 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Standard Collared Asian 
Spread Securities: 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(qq)(ii).]]

--- Page 457 ---
- 457 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout Standard Himalaya Securities: 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(rr).]] 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Dispersion Securities: 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(ss).]] 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout - Step Securities: 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout - 3-Step Knock-in Securities: 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(tt)(i).]] 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout - 3-Step Plus Knock-in 
Securities: 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(tt)(ii).]] 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout - 3-Step Knock-out Securities: 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(tt)(iii).]] 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout - 3-Step Plus Knock-out 
Securities: 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(tt)(iv).]] 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – 4-Step Securities: 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(tt)(v).]] 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout - Standard 3-Step Knock-in 
Securities: 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(tt)(vi).]] 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout - Standard 3-Step Knock-out 
Securities: 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(tt)(vii).]] 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout - Standard 2-Step Barrier Down 
Securities: 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(tt)(viii).]] 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout - Standard 2-Step Barrier Up 
Securities:

--- Page 458 ---
- 458 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(tt)(ix).]] 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout - 2-Step Knock-in Securities: 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(tt)(x).]] 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout - 2-Step Knock-out Securities: 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(tt)(xi).]] 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout - Performance Securities: 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout - Geared Call Performance 
Securities: 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(uu)(i).]] 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout - Multi Performance Securities: 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(uu)(ii).]] 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – (Capped) Multi Knock-Out 
Bonus Performance Securities: 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(uu)(iii).]] 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – (Capped) Multi Knock-In 
Bonus Performance Securities: 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(uu)(iv).]] 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – 2 Step KI Multi Bonus 
Securities: 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(uu)(v).]] 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – 3 Step Multi Bonus Securities: 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(uu)(vi).]] 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – 3 Step Flexi Bonus Securities: 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(uu)(vii).]] 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – (Capped) Knock-Out Bonus 
Performance Securities: 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(uu)(viii).]]

--- Page 459 ---
- 459 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – (Capped) Knock – In Bonus 
Performance Securities: 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(uu)(ix).]] 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Leveraged Performance 
Securities: 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(uu)(x).]] 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Twin -Win Securities: 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(vv).]] 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Knock-In Outperformance 
Securities: 
 
 
Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(ww).]] 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Flexi Performance Securities: 
 
 
Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(xx).]] 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Hyper-Flexi Performance 
Securities: 
 
 
Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(yy).]] 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Flexi Knock-In Performance 
Securities: 
 
 
Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(zz).]] 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Flexi Knock-Out Performance 
Securities: 
 
 
Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(aaa).]] 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Hyper-Flexi Knock-In 
Performance Securities: 
 
 
Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(bbb).]] 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Hyper-Flexi Knock-Out 
Performance Securities: 
 
 
Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(ccc).]]]

--- Page 460 ---
- 460 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Hyper-Flexi Multi Knock-In 
Performance Securities: 
 
 
Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(ddd).]]] 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Hyper-Flexi Multi Knock-out 
Performance Securities 
 
 
Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(eee).]]] 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Capped and Floored 
Ratchet Securities: 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(fff).]] 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Weighted Mixed Payouts 
Securities: 
 
 
[Insert formula and related provisions from Formulas 
Condition 1.1(ggg).]] 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Knock-In Mixed Payouts 
Securities: 
 
 
[Insert formula and related provisions from Formulas 
Condition 1.1(hhh).]] 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Knock-out Mixed Payouts 
Securities: 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(iii).]] 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Max Mixed Payouts 
Securities: 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(jjj).]] 
 
 
[Multiple Final Payout – Leveraged Securities: 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(kkk), including Floating Rate Option, Designated 
Maturity and Reset Date for ISDA Determination.] 
 
[Single Fixed Income (FI) Final Payouts 
[Single FI FX Vanilla Securities: 
 
 
[Insert formula and related provisions from Formulas 
Condition 1.1(lll).]] 
 
 
[Single FI Digital Floor Securities: 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(mmm).]] 
 
 
[Single FI Digital Cap Securities:

--- Page 461 ---
- 461 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(nnn).]] 
 
 
[Single FI Digital Plus Securities: 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(ooo).]] 
 
 
[Continuous FX Wedding Cake Securities: 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
1.1(ppp).]] 
 
 
[Single FI Inflation Securities: 
 
 
[Insert formula and related provisions from Formulas 
Condition 1.1(qqq).]] 
31. 
Entitlement: 
[Applicable/Not applicable/Physical Delivery Option 
[1/2/3]] 
[MFP Entitlement Amounts: Applicable] 
 
 
(a) 
[The Entitlement Amount in relation to each 
Security is: 
 
 
[an amount equal to [●] ] 
[Entitlement 
Units; 
multiplied 
by 
the 
Entitlement Multiplier; [multiplied by the 
Weighting]; (if MFP Entitlement Amounts is 
not Applicable)] 
[Delivery of Worst-Performing Underlying 
applicable: 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas 
Condition 6.1(a).]] 
 
 
[Delivery of Best-Performing Underlying 
applicable: 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas 
Condition 6.1(b).]] 
 
 
[Delivery of the Underlying applicable: 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas 
Condition 6.1(c).]] 
 
 
(b) 
[Relevant Asset(s): [The relevant asset to 
which the Securities relate [is/are] [●].]/[Not 
applicable] (N.B. Only applicable in relation to 
Physical Delivery Securities)] 
 
 
(c) 
[Entitlement Units: [[ ●] unit[s] of the 
Relevant Asset[s] relating to the [Component 
which is [●]] [Underlying Reference] (where 
the intention is to deliver a basket, insert details 
of the units of the Relevant Asset[s] relating to

--- Page 462 ---
- 462 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
each Component); [●]/ [Not applicable] (Not 
applicable where Entitlement stated above and 
definition not required. Where Entitlement 
Units 
are 
included, 
insert 
Entitlement 
Multiplier below where relevant)] 
 
 
(d) 
[Entitlement Multiplier: [●] [The quotient of 
[100] [●] (as numerator) and the Strike Level 
(as denominator) / [Not applicable] (Not 
applicable where Entitlement stated above and 
definition not required. Where Entitlement 
Units 
are 
included, 
insert 
Entitlement 
Multiplier where relevant)] 
 
 
(e) 
[The Entitlement will be evidenced by [insert 
details of how the Entitlement will be 
evidenced].] 
 
 
(f) 
[The 
Entitlement 
will 
be 
[delivered] 
[Delivered] [insert details of the method of 
delivery of the Entitlement].] 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Physical Delivery 
Securities) 
32. 
[Exchange Rate]21/[Conversion Rate]22 
[The applicable rate of exchange for conversion of any 
amount 
into 
the 
relevant 
[settlement 
currency]/[Settlement 
Currency 
or 
Calculation 
Currency, as applicable]
23
 for the purposes of 
determining the [Settlement Price (as defined in the 
relevant Annex to the Terms and Conditions)[,] [or] the 
Cash Settlement Amount (as defined in Security 
Condition 3)[,] [or] [the Automatic Early Expiration 
Amount (as defined in Condition 19.9)] is [insert rate of 
exchange and details of how and when such rate is to be 
ascertained]/[specify]/[As specified in the OET Warrant 
Conditions]/[Not applicable]. 
33. 
Settlement Currency: 
[The settlement currency for the payment of [the Cash 
Settlement Amount] (in the case of Cash Settled 
Securities)/[the Settlement Disruption Amount] (in the 
case of Physical Delivery Securities) is [●]. 
[Settlement Currency Barrier Selection: [Applicable/Not 
applicable] 
[If Settlement Currency Barrier Selection is applicable: 
Applicable to: Cash Settlement Amount 
First Settlement Currency: [specify] 
                                                          
 
21  Applicable for Securities other than OET Warrants. 
22  Applicable for OET Warrants. 
23  Insert where Single Final Payout – Leverage Factor Securities is applicable

--- Page 463 ---
- 463 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
Second Settlement Currency: [specify] 
Settlement 
Currency 
Barrier 
Condition: 
[Less 
than]/[Less than or equal to]/[Greater than]/[Greater 
than or equal to] 
Settlement Price Date(s): [specify] 
Settlement Currency Barrier Rate(s): [specify]] 
34. 
Calculation Agent: 
The Calculation Agent is [●] / (specify other). 
[Insert address of Calculation Agent] 
35. 
Governing law: 
[English/Italian] law. [Articles 470-1 to 470-19 of the 
Luxembourg law dated 10 August 1915 on commercial 
companies, as amended, are not applicable to the 
Securities.] 
PRODUCT SPECIFIC PROVISIONS 
 
36. 
Hybrid Securities: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
[If applicable: 
 
 
(a) 
The Securities are linked to each of the types of 
Underlying Reference (each a "Type of 
Underlying Reference") set out in the table 
below. The terms and conditions of the 
Securities will be construed on the basis that in 
respect of each separate Type of Underlying 
Reference, the relevant terms applicable to each 
such separate Type of Underlying Reference 
will apply, as the context admits, separately and 
independently in respect of the relevant Type of 
Underlying Reference[, subject as provided in 
(b) below]. 
 
 
[Include each Type of Underlying Reference] 
 
 
Type of Underlying Reference 
 
 
[●] 
[See item [●]] 
 
 
[●] 
[See item [●]] 
 
 
[●] 
[See item [●]] 
 
 
(b) 
Hybrid 
Business 
Day 
[Applicable/Not 
applicable] 
 
 
[If applicable: 
 
 
"Hybrid Business Day" means a day which is 
a Scheduled Trading Day (as defined in the 
relevant Annex and completed in the applicable 
Final Terms) for each Type of Underlying

--- Page 464 ---
- 464 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
Reference specified in the applicable Final 
Terms 
 
 
[If Hybrid Business Day is applicable, each 
date for valuation (e.g. valuation date, 
averaging date, observation date etc.) which is 
the subject of the Hybrid Securities provisions 
should be expressed to be "[●] or if that is not 
a Hybrid Business Day the immediately 
[succeeding/preceding] 
Hybrid 
Business 
Day"]] 
37. 
Index Securities: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Index/Basket 
of 
Indices/Index 
Sponsor(s): 
[specify name of Index/Indices] 
 
 
[specify name of Index Sponsor(s)] 
 
 
[The [ ●] Index is a [Component Security]/[Multi-
Exchange] Index.]24 
 
(b) 
Index Currency: 
[specify] 
 
(c) 
Exchange(s): 
[specify] 
 
(d) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[specify]/[All Exchanges] 
 
(e) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[Single Index Basis/All Indices Basis/Per Index Basis] 
[Exchange/Related Exchange: Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[Single Index Basis/All Indices Basis/Per Index Basis] 
[Exchange/Related Exchange: Applicable] 
 
 
(must match election made for Exchange Business Day) 
 
(g) 
Weighting: 
[The weighting to be applied to each item comprising the 
Basket of Indices to ascertain the Settlement Price is 
[●]. Each such Weighting shall be subject to adjustment 
in accordance with Annex 2]/[specify other]. ]/[Not 
applicable] (N.B. Only applicable in relation to 
Securities relating to a Basket of Indices)] 
 
(h) 
Settlement Price: 
[Official opening level]/[Official closing level]/[level at 
the Valuation Time]/[Index Security Condition 5 
(Futures Price Valuation) applies] 
[First Traded Price Applicable] 
                                                          
 
24  Specify each Component Security Index and/or Multi-Exchange Index (if any).

--- Page 465 ---
- 465 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
 
(i) 
 
[specify] Scheduled Trading Days]. 
 
(j) 
Valuation Time: 
[Continuous monitoring [specify other] and the relevant 
time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or Averaging 
Date, as the case may be, is [the Valuation Time].] 
[specify].] 
 
 
(N.B. If no Valuation Time is specified, the Valuation 
Time will be the Scheduled Closing Time as defined in 
Security Condition 3.). 
 
(k) 
Settlement on Occurrence of an Index 
Adjustment Event: 
[Highest Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Market Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[If Highest Value is applicable: Protected Amount: 
[specify]] 
[If the Calculation Agent determines an Index 
Adjustment Event constitutes a force majeure, Index 
Security Condition 3.2(c)(iii) applies] 
 
(l) 
Index Correction Period: 
[As per Index Security Condition 5.1/specify] 
 
(m) 
Futures Price Valuation: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 (i) 
Rolling 
Futures 
Contract 
Securities: 
[Yes/No] 
[Related Hedging: Not applicable] 
 
 (ii) 
Exchange-traded Contract: 
[specify]/[If the Index Securities are Rolling Futures 
Contract Securities: Index Security Condition 5.2 
applies] 
 
 (iii) 
Delivery or expiry month: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
 
  
 
(Not applicable in the case of Index Securities that are 
Rolling Futures Contract Securities) 
 
 (iv) 
Period of Exchange-traded 
Contracts: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(Only applicable in case of Index Securities that are 
Futures Rollover Securities) 
 
 (v) 
Futures 
or 
Options 
Exchange: 
[specify] 
 
 (vi) 
Futures 
Rollover 
[Date/Period]: 
[Not applicable]/[specify] 
 
 (vii) 
Relevant FTP Screen Page: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
 
 (viii) 
Relevant Futures or Options 
Exchange Website: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
 
 (ix) 
Cut-off Time: 
[specify]/[Not applicable]

--- Page 466 ---
- 466 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
 
 (x) 
Settlement on Occurrence of 
a Non-Commencement or 
Discontinuance 
of 
an 
Exchange-traded Contract: 
[If applicable:  
[Highest Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Market Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[If Highest Value is applicable: Protected Amount: 
[specify]] 
[If the Calculation 
Agent determines a Non-
Commencement or Discontinuance of an Exchange-
traded Contract constitutes a force majeure, Index 
Security Condition [5.2(iii)] [and] [5.4(iii)] applies] 
38. 
Share Securities: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Share(s)/Share 
Company/Basket 
Company/GDR/ADR: 
[insert type of Share(s) and Share Company/Basket 
Companies] 
 
 
 
[GDR/ADR applicable] 
 
 
 
[Insert details of GDR/ADR]25 
 
(b) 
Relative Performance Basket: 
[Not applicable/specify] 
 
(c) 
Share Currency: 
[specify] 
 
(d) 
ISIN of Share(s): 
[specify] 
 
(e) 
Exchange(s): 
[specify] 
 
(f) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[specify]/[All Exchanges] 
 
(g) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[Single Share Basis/All Shares Basis/Per Share Basis] 
 
(h) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[Single Share Basis/All Shares Basis/Per Share Basis] 
 
 
 
(must match election made for Exchange Business Day) 
 
(i) 
Weighting: 
[The weighting to be applied to each item comprising the 
Basket of Shares to ascertain the Settlement Price is [●]. 
Each such Weighting shall be subject to adjustment [in 
accordance with Annex 3]/[specify other]. (N.B. Only 
applicable in relation to Securities relating to a Basket 
of Shares)] 
 
(j) 
Settlement Price: 
[Official closing price]/[Italian Securities Reference 
Price]/[price at the Valuation Time]] 
[AQR: Applicable. The Settlement Price is [specify]] 
                                                          
 
25  Specify each GDR or ADR (if any). In the case of Share Securities relating to a GDR/ADR, complete Share 
Securities Final Terms as applicable for GDR/ADR reference asset(s).

--- Page 467 ---
- 467 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
 
(k) 
Closing Price: 
[Official closing price] [VWA Closing Price] 
[AQR: Applicable. The Closing Price is [specify]] 
 
(l) 
Specified 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[specify] Scheduled Trading Days]. 
 
(m) 
Valuation Time: 
[Continuous monitoring [specify other] and the relevant 
time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or Averaging 
Date, as the case may be, is the Scheduled Closing Time 
as defined in Security Condition 3.] [specify] (N.B. If no 
Valuation Time is specified, the Valuation Time will be 
the Scheduled Closing Time as defined in Security 
Condition 3)] 
 
(n) 
Settlement on Occurrence of an 
Extraordinary Event: 
[If applicable: 
[Highest Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Market Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[If Highest Value is applicable: Protected Amount: 
[specify]] 
[If 
the 
Calculation 
Agent 
determines 
that 
an 
Extraordinary Event constitute a force majeure, Share 
Security Condition [5.2(b)(iii)] [or] [5.2(c)(iii)] applies] 
 
(o) 
Share Correction Period 
[As per Share Security Condition 1/specify] 
 
(p) 
Dividend Payment: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(q) 
Listing Change: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(r) 
Listing Suspension: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(s) 
Illiquidity: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(t) 
Tender Offer: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]26 
 
(u) 
CSR Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(v) 
Hedging Liquidity Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[Maximum Hedging Liquidity Level: [[ ●] per 
cent.]/[As per Share Security Condition 5.3]] 
 
(w) 
Dividend Protection: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
[(N.B. Only applicable if Normal Performance applies 
to the Securities)] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
                                                          
 
26  Only to be disapplied for Tokyo EQD Securities.

--- Page 468 ---
- 468 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
 
 
 
Adjustments: 
If a Dividend Event occurs during the period from, the 
Issue Date, excluded, to the Exercise Date, included, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
discretion, the Calculation Agent may, in its sole and 
absolute discretion, adjust: 
[the Strike Level, the Cap Level and the Initial Reference 
Level by multiplying such levels by the Adjustment 
Factor K (rounded to the fourth decimal digit);] 
[●] 
 
 
 
Cap Level 
[●] 
 
 
 
Scheduled Dividend: 
[The Scheduled Dividend is, for each Scheduled Ex-
Date specified below, an amount per Share equal to:] 
 
 
 
Scheduled  
Ex-Date 
Scheduled  
Dividend Amount 
 
 
 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[●] 
39. 
ETI Securities 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
ETI/ETI Basket: 
[specify] 
 
(b) 
ETI Interest(s): 
[insert type of ETI Interest(s)] 
 
(c) 
ETI Related Party: 
[As per ETI Security Condition 1]/[specify] 
 
(d) 
ETI Documents: 
[As per ETI Security Condition 1]/[specify] 
 
(e) 
Exchange(s): 
[specify] 
 
(f) 
Related Exchange: 
[specify]/[All Exchanges] 
 
(g) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[All ETI Interests Basis/Per ETI Interest Basis/Single 
ETI Interest Basis] 
 
(h) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[All ETI Interests Basis/Per ETI Interest Basis/Single 
ETI Interest Basis] 
 
(i) 
Calculation Date(s): 
[As per ETI Security Condition 1]/[specify] 
 
(j) 
Initial Calculation Date: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
 
(k) 
Final Calculation Date: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
 
(l) 
Hedging Date: 
[specify] /[Not applicable]

--- Page 469 ---
- 469 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
 
(m) 
Investment/AUM Level: 
[As per ETI Security Condition 1]/[specify]/[Not 
applicable] 
 
(n) 
Value per ETI Interest Trading Price 
Barrier: 
[As per ETI Security Condition 1]/[specify]/[Not 
applicable] 
 
(o) 
Number of Value Publication Days: 
[[●] calendar days] [[●] Value Business Days]/[Not 
applicable] 
 
 
 
[Value Business Day Centre(s): [specify] 
 
 
 
(Only applicable if Number of Value Publication Days is 
calculated by reference to Value Business Days)] 
 
(p) 
Value Trigger Percentage: 
[As per ETI Security Condition 1]/[specify]/[Not 
applicable] 
 
(q) 
Value Trigger Period: 
[As per ETI Security Condition 1]/[specify]/[Not 
applicable] 
 
(r) 
Basket Trigger Level: 
[As per ETI Security Condition 1]/[specify]/[Not 
applicable] 
 
(s) 
Settlement Price/Closing Price: 
[Official closing price]/[Value per ETI Interest]/ [price 
at the Valuation Time] 
 
(t) 
Weighting: 
[The Weighting to be applied to each ETI Interest 
comprising the ETI Basket is [specify]]/[Not applicable] 
 
(u) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
 
(v) 
Specified 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As per ETI Security Condition 1]/[specify]/[Not 
applicable] 
 
(w) 
Additional 
Extraordinary 
ETI 
Event(s): 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
 
(x) 
Maximum Stock Loan Rate: 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each relevant ETI Interest] is [●].]/[Not 
applicable] 
 
(y) 
ETI Interest Correction Period: 
[As per ETI Security Condition 1]/ [specify]/[Not 
applicable] 
 
(z) 
Termination Amount: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
 
(aa) 
Simple Interest Spread: 
[As per ETI Security Condition 1]/[specify]/[Not 
applicable] 
 
(bb) 
Termination Date: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
40. 
Debt Securities: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
[Note for a derivative security to be listed on certain 
regulated markets: the underlying must be traded on a 
regulated, regularly operating, recognised open market, 
unless the underlying or ultimate underlying is a

--- Page 470 ---
- 470 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
currency, index, interest rate, commodity, a combination 
of these, or credit linked, or the underlying is a UCITS 
fund or an investment fund authorised by the Central 
Bank of Ireland or the competent authority of another 
EU member state deemed equivalent by Euronext 
Dublin. Similar restrictions are applicable also in other 
circumstances.] 
 
(a) 
Debt Instruments: 
[specify] [Not applicable] (Not applicable if Futures 
Price Valuation applicable) 
 
(b) 
Nominal Amount: 
[The relevant nominal amount is [●] and the Relevant 
Screen Page is [●].] [Not applicable] 
(Not applicable if Futures Price Valuation applicable) 
 
(c) 
Reference Price: 
[The Reference Price[s] for [insert relevant Debt 
Instrument(s)] is/are the [bid price]/[mid price]/[offer 
price]/[bid yield]/[mid yield]/[offer yield].] [Not 
applicable] 
(Not applicable if Futures Price Valuation applicable) 
 
(d) 
Exchange Business Day Centre(s): 
[specify] 
 
(e) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
 
(f) 
Specified 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[[specify] Scheduled Trading Days.] [Not applicable] 
(Not applicable if Futures Price Valuation applicable) 
 
(g) 
Debt Instrument Correction Period: 
[As per the Debt Security Condition 11]/ [specify]/[Not 
applicable] 
 
 
 
(Not applicable if Futures Price Valuation applicable) 
 
(h) 
Debt Instrument Issuer: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
 
 
 
(Not applicable if Futures Price Valuation applicable) 
 
(i) 
Weighting: 
[Not applicable/The weighting to be applied to each item 
comprising the Basket of Debt Instruments to ascertain 
the Settlement Price is [●]. Each such Weighting shall 
be subject to adjustment.] 
 
(j) 
Futures Price Valuation: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Rolling 
Futures 
Contract 
Securities: 
[Yes/No] 
 
 
(ii) 
Exchange-traded Contract: 
[specify]/[If the Debt Securities are Rolling Futures 
Contract Securities: Debt Security Condition 7 applies] 
 
 
(iii) 
Synthetic Debt Instrument: 
[include description of the key terms of the synthetic debt 
instrument] 
 
 
(iv) 
Delivery or expiry month: 
[specify]/[Not applicable]

--- Page 471 ---
- 471 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
(Not applicable in the case of Debt Securities that are 
Rolling Futures Contract Securities) 
 
 
(v) 
Period of Exchange-traded 
Contracts: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(Only applicable in the case of Debt Securities that are 
Rolling Futures Contract Securities) 
 
 
(vi) 
Futures or Options Exchange: [specify] 
 
 
(vii) 
Futures 
Rollover 
[Date/Period]: 
[Not applicable]/[specify] 
 
 
(viii) 
Daily 
Settlement 
Price 
Correction Period: 
[As per the Debt Security Condition 11][specify] 
41. 
Inflation Index Securities: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Inflation 
Index/Inflation 
Indices/Inflation Index Sponsor: 
[specify name of inflation index/indices] 
[specify name of inflation index sponsor(s)] 
 
(b) 
Related Bond: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] [If applicable, specify] 
 
(c) 
Issuer of Related Bond: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] [If applicable, specify] 
 
(d) 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] [If applicable, specify] 
 
(e) 
Related Bond Redemption Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]  
 
(f) 
Settlement Price: 
[specify] 
 
(g) 
Substitute Inflation Index Level: 
[As determined in accordance with Annex 7] [specify]. 
 
(h) 
Cut-off Date: 
In respect of a [Valuation Date], the day that is [specify] 
Business Days prior to such [Valuation Date]. 
 
(i) 
Valuation Date/Settlement Valuation 
Date: 
[specify] 
 
(j) 
Reference Month: 
[specify] 
 
(k) 
Currency Adjustment: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(l) 
Inflation Index Level Adjustment: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(m) 
Index Cancellation: 
[Inflation 
Index 
Security 
Condition 
4.7(b)(i) 
applies]/[Highest Value]/[Market Value] 
[If Highest Value is applicable: Protected Amount: 
[specify]] 
[If the Calculation Agent determines an Index 
Cancellation constitutes a force majeure, Inflation Index 
Security Condition 4.7(b)(iii) applies]

--- Page 472 ---
- 472 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
42. 
Currency Securities: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify] 
 
(b) 
The relevant base currency (the "Base 
Currency") is: 
[specify] 
 
(c) 
The 
relevant 
alternative 
[currency/currencies] ([the]/[each a] 
"Alternative Currency") [is/are]: 
[specify] 
 
(d) 
Weighting: 
[specify] 
 
(e) 
Price Source: 
[specify] 
 
(f) 
Specified 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[specify]/[five] Scheduled Trading Days 
 
(g) 
Settlement Price: 
[specify] 
 
(h) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
 
(i) 
Settlement 
on 
Occurrence 
of 
a 
Disruption Event: 
[Illiquidity Disruption: Not applicable] 
[Disruption Event Postponement: Not applicable] 
[Highest Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Market Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[If Highest Value is applicable: Protected Amount: 
[specify]] 
[If the Calculation Agent determines that a Disruption 
Event constitutes a force majeure, Currency Security 
Condition 3(b)(iii) applies] 
 
(j) 
Futures Price Valuation: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Rolling Futures Contract 
Securities: 
[Yes/No] 
 
 
(ii) 
Exchange-traded Contract: 
[specify]/[If the Currency Securities are Rolling Futures 
Contract Securities: Currency Security Condition 6 
applies] 
 
 
(iii) 
Currency Pair: 
[specify] 
 
 
(iv) 
ISIN: 
[specify] 
 
 
(v) 
Expiry month: 
[specify]/[Not applicable]

--- Page 473 ---
- 473 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
(Not applicable in the case of Currency Securities that 
are Rolling Futures Contract Securities) 
 
 
(vi) 
Period of Exchange-traded 
Contract: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(Only applicable in the case of Currency Securities that 
are Rolling Futures Contract Securities) 
 
 
(vii) 
Futures 
or 
Options 
Exchange: 
[specify] 
 
 
(viii) 
Futures 
Rollover 
[Date/Period]: 
[Not applicable]/[specify] 
(Not applicable in the case of Currency Securities that 
are not Rolling Futures Contract Securities) 
 
 
(ix) 
Daily 
Settlement 
Price 
Correction Period: 
[As per Currency Security Condition 5]/[specify] 
43. 
Fund Securities: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
[Note for a derivative security to be listed on certain 
regulated markets: the underlying must be traded on a 
regulated, regularly operating, recognised open market, 
unless the underlying or ultimate underlying is a 
currency, index, interest rate, commodity, a combination 
of these, or credit linked, or the underlying is a UCITS 
fund or an investment fund authorised by the Central 
Bank of Ireland or the competent authority of another 
EU member state deemed equivalent by Euronext 
Dublin. Similar restrictions are applicable also in other 
circumstances.] 
 
(a) 
Fund/Fund Basket: 
[specify Fund/Fund Basket] 
 
 
 
[SC/FM Fund Events: Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Fund Share(s): 
[specify] 
 
(c) 
ISIN of Fund Share(s): 
[specify] 
 
(d) 
Fund Documents: 
[As per Fund Security Condition 1]/[specify] 
 
(e) 
Fund Business Day: 
[All Fund Share Basis/Per Fund Share Basis/Single Fund 
Share Basis] 
 
(f) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[As per Fund Security Condition 1]/[specify] 
 
(g) 
Fund Service Provider: 
[As per Fund Security Condition 1]/[specify] 
 
(h) 
Calculation Date(s): 
[As per Fund Security Condition 1]/[specify] 
 
(i) 
Initial Calculation Date: 
[As per Fund Security Condition 1]/[specify] 
 
(j) 
Final Calculation Date: 
[specify]

--- Page 474 ---
- 474 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
 
(k) 
Hedging Date: 
[specify] 
 
(l) 
AUM Level: 
[specify] 
 
(m) 
NAV Trigger Percentage: 
[specify] 
 
(n) 
NAV Trigger Period:  
[As per Fund Security Condition 1]/[specify] 
 
(o) 
Number of NAV Publication Days: 
[As per Fund Security Condition 1]/[specify] 
 
(p) 
Basket Trigger Level: 
[specify] 
 
(q) 
Termination Amount: 
[specify]/[Market Value]/[Highest Value] 
[Fund Event Force Majeure: Applicable] 
 
(r) 
Simple Interest Spread: 
[As per Fund Security Condition 1]/[specify] 
 
(s) 
Termination Date: 
[specify] 
 
(t) 
Delayed Payment Cut-off Date: 
[As per Fund Security Condition 1]/[specify] 
 
(u) 
Fund Event Force Majeure 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(v) 
Settlement Price: 
[NAV per Fund Share][The sum of the values calculated 
in respect of each Basket Component as the NAV per 
Fund Share of such Basket Component multiplied by the 
relevant Weighting] 
 
(w) 
[Weighting: 
The Weighting to be applied to each Fund Share 
comprising the Fund Basket is [specify]] 
 
(x) 
Settlement on Occurrence of a Fund 
Index Adjustment Event: 
[Highest Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Market Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[If Highest Value is applicable: Protected Amount: 
[specify]] 
44. 
Futures Securities: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Future(s): 
[insert type of Future(s)] 
 
(b) 
Exchange(s): 
[specify] 
 
(c) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[Single Future Basis/All Futures Basis/Per Futures 
Basis] 
 
(d) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[Single Future Basis/All Futures Basis/Per Futures 
Basis] 
 
 
 
(must match election made for Exchange Business Day) 
 
(e) 
Settlement Price: 
[Official closing price]/[price at the Valuation Time] 
 
(f) 
Weighting: 
[The weighting to be applied to each item comprising the 
Basket to ascertain the Settlement Price is [●]. Each

--- Page 475 ---
- 475 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
such Weighting shall be subject to adjustment [in 
accordance with Annex 10]/[specify other]. (N.B. Only 
applicable in relation to Securities relating to a Basket)] 
 
(g) 
Specified 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As defined in Futures Security Condition 1]/[[specify] 
Scheduled Trading Days]. 
 
(h) 
Valuation Time: 
[Continuous monitoring [specify other] and the relevant 
time on the Valuation Date, Observation Date or 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, is the Scheduled 
Closing Time as defined in Security Condition 3.] 
[specify] (N.B. If no Valuation Time is specified, the 
Valuation Time will be the Scheduled Closing Time as 
defined in Security Condition 3)] 
 
(i) 
Futures Correction Period: 
[As per Futures Security Conditions 1]/[specify] 
 
(j) 
Settlement on Occurrence of a Futures 
Adjustment Event: 
[Highest Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Market Value: [Applicable]/[Not applicable]] 
[If Highest Value is applicable: Protected Amount: 
[specify]] 
[If the Calculation Agent determines a Futures 
Adjustment Event constitutes a force majeure, Futures 
Security Condition 3.1(b) and 3.1(b)(iii) applies] 
45. 
Underlying Interest Rate Securities: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph.) 
 
(a) 
Underlying 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
 
(If more than one [Underlying Interest Rate] is to be 
determined, 
include 
the 
following 
language: 
"Underlying Interest Rate1:") 
 
(b) 
Manner in which the Underlying 
Interest Rate is to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
 
(A) 
Screen Rate Determination: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
 
(a) 
[Underlying 
Reference Rate: 
[specify] (Either EURIBOR or other) 
 
 
 
(b) 
Specified Time: 
[specify] 
 
 
(which will be 11:00 am, Brussels time, in the case of 
EURIBOR) 
 
 
 
(c) 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[specify]]

--- Page 476 ---
- 476 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
 
 
 
(d) 
Adjustment in case 
of Reference Rate 
Fallback Event 
[specify adjustment to the Underlying Reference Rate in 
case of Reference Rate Fallback Event] 
 
 
(B) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
 
(a) 
[Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[specify] 
 
 
 
(b) 
Designated Maturity: [specify] 
 
 
 
(c) 
Reset Date: 
[specify] 
 
 
(N.B. The fallback provisions applicable to ISDA 
Determination under the 2006 ISDA Definitions are 
reliant upon the provision by reference banks of offered 
quotations for EURIBOR which, depending on market 
circumstances, may not be available at the relevant time) 
 
(c) 
Underlying Margin(s): 
[[+/-][●] per cent. per annum]/[Not applicable] 
 
(d) 
Minimum Underlying Reference Rate: [[●] per cent. per annum]/[Not applicable] 
 
(e) 
Maximum Underlying Reference Rate: [[●] per cent. per annum]/[Not applicable] 
 
 
(If more than one [Underlying Interest Rate] is to be 
determined, 
include 
the 
following 
language: 
"Underlying Interest Rate2:" and repeat items 40(b) to 
(e))]. 
 
 
(Repeat for each Underlying Interest Rate.) 
46. 
OET Warrants: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Final Price: 
[As per OET Warrant Conditions] 
 
(b) 
Valuation Date: 
[As per OET Warrant Conditions]/[specify] 
 
(c) 
Exercise Price: 
[specify] 
 
(d) 
Relevant Business Day: 
[specify] 
 
(e) 
Capitalised Exercise Price: 
[As per OET Warrant Conditions] 
 
 
OET Website(s): 
 
 
[specify] 
 
 
Local Business Day Centre(s): [specify] 
 
(f) 
Capitalised Exercise Price Rounding 
Rule: 
[upwards/downwards] [●] digits

--- Page 477 ---
- 477 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
 
(g) 
Dividend Percentage: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. Not applicable in respect of Currency OET 
Warrants or Futures OET Warrants) 
 
(h) 
Financing Rate: 
 
 
 
(i) 
Interbank Rate 1 Screen 
Page: 
[specify] 
 
 
(ii) 
Interbank Rate 1 Specified 
Time: 
[specify][As per OET Warrant Conditions] 
 
 
(iii) 
Interbank Rate 2 Screen 
Page: 
[specify] 
 
 
(iv) 
Interbank Rate 2 Specified 
Time: 
[specify][As per OET Warrant Conditions] 
 
 
(v) 
Financing Rate Percentage: 
[+/-][specify] 
 
 
(vi) 
Financing Rate Range: 
[specify] 
 
(i) 
Automatic Early Expiration: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Automatic Early Expiration 
Payout: 
[Automatic Early Expiration Payout Capitalised Call 
and Put Securities 2] 
 
 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
2.1(b)] 
 
 
(ii) 
Automatic Early Expiration 
Date: 
[●] Business Days following the Valuation Date. 
 
 
(iii) 
Observation Price: 
[Official 
level]/[Opening 
price]/[Official 
close]/[Closing 
price]/[Purchase 
price]/[Sale 
price]/[Traded price]/[Bid price]/[Asked price]/[Last 
price]/[Official settlement price]/[Daily settlement 
price] 
 
 
(iv) 
Observation Price Source 
[specify source] 
 
 
(v) 
Observation Time(s): 
[At any time during the opening hours of the 
Exchange]/[specify] 
 
 
(vi) 
Security Threshold: 
[specify]/ [As per OET Warrant Condition 1] 
 
 
 
 
[The Security Threshold in respect of a Relevant 
Business Day will be published as soon as practicable 
after its determination on the OET Website(s), as set out 
in paragraph 41(e).] 
 
 
(vii) 
Security 
Threshold 
Rounding Rule: 
[upwards/downwards] [●] digits 
 
 
(viii) 
Security Percentage: 
[specify][As per OET Warrant Conditions]

--- Page 478 ---
- 478 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
 
 
(ix) 
Minimum 
Security 
Percentage: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
 
 
(x) 
Maximum 
Security 
Percentage: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
 
 
(xi) 
Reset Date: 
[As per OET Warrant Condition 1]/[specify] 
47. 
Additional Disruption Events and Optional 
Additional Disruption Events: 
(a)  Additional Disruption Events: [Applicable/Not 
applicable]/[[Change in Law/Hedging Disruption] 
does not apply to the Securities] 
[Change in Law – Hedge Maintenance Cost: Not 
applicable] 
(b)  [Optional 
Additional 
Disruption 
Events: 
[Applicable/Not 
applicable] 
[The 
following 
Optional Additional Disruption Events apply to the 
Securities: 
 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies. N.B. 
Optional Additional Disruption Events are applicable to 
certain Index Securities, Share Securities and ETI 
Securities. Careful consideration should be given to 
whether Optional Additional Disruption Events would 
apply for Debt Securities, Currency Securities and Fund 
Securities and, if so, the relevant definitions will require 
amendment.) 
 
 
[Administrator/Benchmark Event] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
 
 
[Insolvency Filing] 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in the case of Share Securities) 
 
 
[Cancellation Event] 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in the case of Debt Securities) 
 
 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
 
 
[[Stop-Loss Event] 
 
 
[Stop-Loss Event Percentage: [5] per cent.]] 
 
 
[Currency Event] 
 
 
[Extraordinary External Event] 
 
 
[Jurisdiction Event 
 
 
Hedging Arrangements: Not applicable] 
 
 
[Significant Alteration Event]

--- Page 479 ---
- 479 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
 
 
[Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity] 
 
 
[Hedging Party Default] 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in the case of Physical Delivery 
Securities– Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity is 
applicable to certain Share Securities. Careful 
consideration should be given to whether Failure to 
Deliver due to Illiquidity would apply to other Physical 
Delivery Securities) 
 
 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each relevant Share/Security] is [●]. 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[The Initial Stock Loan Rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each relevant Share/Security] is [●]. 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable if Increased Cost of Stock Borrow 
is applicable)] 
 
 
Settlement: 
 
 
[If applicable: 
 
 
[Highest Value: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
[Market Value: [Applicable]/[Not applicable]] 
[If Highest Value is applicable: Protected Amount: 
[specify]] 
48. 
Knock-in Event27: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
 
[If applicable: 
 
 
[specify]/["greater than"/"greater than or equal to"/"less 
than"/"less than or equal to"/"within"/"outside"]] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Knock-in Valuation: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
 
[If 
applicable 
insert 
relevant 
provisions 
from 
Conditions] 
 
 
[If Knock-in Valuation is not applicable and the 
Securities are Currency Securities, specify if FX Knock-
in Valuation is applicable.] 
                                                          
 
27  Only applicable in relation to Index Securities, Share Securities, ETI Securities, Currency Securities, Debt 
Securities, Futures Securities, Fund Securities.

--- Page 480 ---
- 480 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
 
(b) 
FX Knock-in Valuation: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
 
[If FX Knock-in Valuation is applicable, insert relevant 
provisions from Conditions.] 
 
 
[FX Coupon Performance: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
 
 
[Performance Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
 
(c) 
Level: 
[Official 
level]/[Official 
close]/[last 
price]/[traded 
price]/[bid price]/[asked price]/[Standard Level]/[Not 
applicable] 
 
(d) 
Knock-in 
Level/Knock-in 
Range 
Level: 
[specify][FX Knock-in Level] 
 
 
 
[If FX Knock-in Level is specified insert relevant 
provisions from Conditions] 
 
(e) 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date: 
[specify] 
 
(f) 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date Day 
Convention: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(g) 
Knock-in Determination Period: 
[specify]/[See definition in Security Condition 14.7] 
 
(h) 
Knock-in Determination Day(s): 
[specify]/[Each [Scheduled Trading Day/Fund Business 
Day/Business Day] in the Knock-in Determination 
Period] 
 
(i) 
Knock-in Period Ending Date: 
[specify] 
 
(j) 
Knock-in Period Ending Date Day 
Convention: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(k) 
Knock-in Valuation Time: 
[specify]/[See 
definition 
in 
Security 
Condition 
14.7]/[Valuation Time]/[Any time on a Knock-in 
Determination Day]/[Not applicable] 
 
(l) 
Knock-in Observation Price Source: 
[specify] 
 
(m) 
Disruption Consequences: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
49. 
Knock-out Event28: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
 
[If applicable: 
 
 
[specify]/["greater than"/"greater than or equal to"/"less 
than"/"less than or equal to"/"within"/"outside"]] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
                                                          
 
28  Only applicable in relation to Index Securities, Share Securities, ETI Securities, Currency Securities, Fund 
Securities, Debt Securities and Futures Securities.

--- Page 481 ---
- 481 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
 
(a) 
Knock-out Valuation: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
 
[If 
applicable 
insert 
relevant 
provisions 
from 
Conditions] 
 
 
[If Knock-out Valuation is not applicable and the 
Securities are Currency Securities, specify if FX Knock-
out Valuation is applicable.] 
 
(b) 
FX Knock-out Valuation 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
 
[If FX Knock-out Valuation is applicable, insert relevant 
provisions from Conditions.] 
 
 
[FX Coupon Performance: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
 
 
[Performance Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
 
(c) 
Level: 
[Official 
level]/[Official 
close]/[last 
price]/[traded 
price]/[bid price]/[asked price]/[Standard Level]/[Not 
applicable] 
 
(d) 
Knock-out Level /Knock-out Range 
Level: 
[specify][FX Knock-out Level] 
 
 
 
[If FX Knock-out Level is specified insert relevant 
provisions from Conditions] 
 
(e) 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date: 
[specify] 
 
(f) 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date Day 
Convention: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(g) 
Knock-out Determination Period: 
[specify]/[See definition in Security Condition 14.7] 
 
(h) 
Knock-out Determination Day(s): 
[specify]/[Each [Scheduled Trading Day/Fund Business 
Day/Business Day] in the Knock-out Determination 
Period] 
 
(i) 
Knock-out Period Ending Date: 
[specify] 
 
(j) 
Knock-out Period Ending Date Day 
Convention: 
[Applicable/ Not applicable] 
 
(k) 
Knock-out Valuation Time: 
[specify]/[See definition in Security Condition 14.7] 
[Any 
time 
on 
a 
Knock-out 
Determination 
Day]/[Valuation Time]/[Not applicable] 
 
(l) 
Knock-out Observation Price Source: 
[specify] 
 
(m) 
Disruption Consequences: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
50. 
EXERCISE, VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT

--- Page 482 ---
- 482 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
 
(a) 
[Automatic Early Expiration 29: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Automatic Early Expiration 
Event: 
[FI Underlying Automatic Early Expiration Payout] 
[[Single] Standard Automatic Early Expiration [– 
Automatic Early Expiration Event 1]: "greater 
than"/"greater than or equal to"/"less than"/"less than or 
equal to"] [Standard Automatic Early Expiration – 
Automatic Early Expiration Event 2 Applicable: "greater 
than"/"greater than or equal to"/"less than"/"less than or 
equal to"] 
[Automatic Early Expiration Event 1 [and]/[or] 
Automatic Early Expiration Event 2] 
 
 
[As per Security Condition 19.9(c) 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Conditions.]] 
 
 
[AES Knock-out: [Knock-out Event]/ 
 
 
[Knock-in Event] 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Conditions.]] 
 
 
[Leveraged Automatic Early Expiration: Applicable 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Conditions, including 
Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity and Reset 
Date for ISDA Determination] 
 
 
(ii) 
Automatic Early Expiration 
Payout: 
[Automatic Early Expiration Payout Capitalised Call 
and Put Securities 1] 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
2.1(b).]] 
 
 
[SFP Automatic Early Expiration Payout] 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
2.1(c).]] 
 
 
[MFP Automatic Early Expiration Payout] 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
2.1(d).]] 
 
 
[Leveraged Warrants Automatic Early Expiration 
Payout] 
                                                          
 
29  Only applicable in relation to Index Securities, Share Securities, ETI Securities, Currency Securities, Fund 
Securities, Futures Securities and, in the case of FI Underlying Automatic Early Expiration Payout, Currency 
Securities and Underlying Interest Rate Securities. In respect of OET Warrants, refer to paragraph 41(i) above.

--- Page 483 ---
- 483 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Formulas Condition 
2.1(e).]] 
 
 
[FI Underlying Automatic Early Expiration Payout: 
 
 
[Insert relevant provisions from Formulas Condition 
2.1(g).]] 
 
 
(iii) 
Early 
Expiration 
Entitlement 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
 
[If applicable:  
The Early Expiration Entitlement in relation to each 
Security is: 
[an amount equal to: [specify]]/ 
[Entitlement Units; multiplied by the Entitlement 
Multiplier; [multiplied by the Weighting].] 
[Entitlement Units: [specify]] 
[Entitlement Multiplier: [specify] 
 
 
(iv) 
Automatic Early Expiration 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
 
(v) 
Observation Price Source: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
 
 
(vi) 
[Observation Time: 
[At any time during the opening hours of the 
Exchange]/[specify] 
 
 
(vii) 
Observation Price: 
[Official 
level]/[Opening 
price]/[Official 
close]/[Closing 
price]/[Purchase 
price]/[Sale 
price]/[Traded price]/[Bid price]/[Asked price]/[Last 
price]/[Official settlement price]/[Daily settlement 
price]/[Not applicable]] 
 
 
(viii) 
Capitalised Exercise Price 
Rounding Rule: 
[[upwards/downwards] [●] digits]/[specify]] 
 
 
(ix) 
Underlying Reference Level 
[1]: 
[specify]/[Official 
level]/[Official 
close]/[Last 
Price]/[Bid price]/[Asked price]/[Standard Price]/[Not 
applicable] 
 
 
MFP AES Valuation: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
 
[If applicable Insert related provisions from Conditions] 
 
 
(x) 
Underlying Reference Level 
[2]: 
[specify]/[Standard Price][Last Price]/[Not applicable]] 
 
 
(xi) 
MFP AES Valuation: 
[Not applicable]/[Applicable]: 
 
 
[MFP AES Value [1]: 
 
 
[insert relevant value(s) and related provisions from 
Conditions]

--- Page 484 ---
- 484 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
 
 
[MFP AES Value 2: 
 
 
[insert relevant value(s) and related provisions from 
Conditions]]] 
 
 
(xii) 
[(A)] Automatic 
Early 
Expiration Level [1]: 
[specify] 
 
 
 
[(B)] Automatic 
Early 
Expiration Level [2]: 
[specify]] 
 
 
 
 
[AES Range Level: 
[specify]] 
 
 
 
 
[AES Range Level 1: [specify]] 
 
 
 
 
[AES Range Level 2: [specify]] 
 
 
(xiii) 
Automatic Early Expiration 
Percentage(s): 
[[●] per cent.]/[Not applicable] 
 
 
(xiv) 
AES Exit Rate: 
[Not applicable] 
 
 
[AES Rate] 
 
 
[Insert relevant provisions from Conditions] 
 
 
[AES up Rate] 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Conditions] 
 
 
(xv) 
Automatic Early Expiration 
Valuation 
Date(s)/Time/Period(s): 
[specify]/[AES Knock-out Date]/[As per Security 
Condition 19.9(c)] 
 
 
[AES 1 Settlement Valuation [Date(s)/Period(s)]: 
[specify] 
 
 
[AES 2 Settlement Valuation [Date(s)/Period(s)]: 
[specify]] 
 
 
[For Fixed Income payouts, consider whether this is the 
remuneration determination date (i.e. 2 business days 
prior to the Automatic Early Expiration Date)] 
 
 
[(xvi) 
AES Event 1 Underlying[s]: [See item [●] below]/[Not applicable]] 
 
 
[(xvii) 
AES Event 2 Underlying[s]: [See item [●] below]/[Not applicable]] 
 
 
[(xviii) 
AES Event 1 Basket: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable]] 
 
 
[(xix) 
AES Event 2 Basket: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable]]] 
 
(e) 
[Strike Date:] 
[specify]/[Not applicable] [ 
 
 
[Currency Convention: [As per Currency Security 
Condition 
1]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]]

--- Page 485 ---
- 485 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
 
(f) 
[Strike Price:] 
[specify] / [see item [●] above] / [Not applicable] 
 
(g) 
[Settlement Valuation Date:] 
[specify]/[As specified in Condition [●] in relation to 
Open End Warrants] (N.B. Where Non-Automatic 
Exercise does not apply the Securities are Share 
Securities and the Shares are traded on the Italian 
regulated market organised and managed by Borsa 
Italiana 
insert 
"the 
[Scheduled 
Trading 
Day] 
immediately preceding the Exercise Date")/[Not 
applicable] 
 
 
 
[Currency Convention: [As per Currency Security 
Condition 
1]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]] 
 
(h) 
[Averaging:] 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Securities. 
[The Averaging Dates are [specify].] (Not applicable to 
Inflation Index Securities) 
 
 
 
[Currency Convention: [As per Currency Security 
Condition 
1]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]] 
 
 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] (as 
defined in Security Condition 3) will apply.]  
 
(i) 
[Observation Dates:] 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
 
 
 
[Currency Convention: [As per Currency Security 
Condition 
1]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]] 
 
 
 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] will 
apply.] [Observation Day Disruption Consequences are 
not applicable.]  
 
(j) 
[Observation Period:] 
[specify]/[Not applicable] (Not applicable to Inflation 
Index Securities) 
 
(k) 
[Settlement Business Day:] 
"Settlement Business Day" for the purposes of Security 
Condition 4 means [specify]. [Not applicable] (N.B. 
Only applicable in the case of Physical Delivery 
Securities) 
 
(l) 
[Record date for the purposes of 
[SeDeX][EuroTLX]: 
[specify]]

--- Page 486 ---
- 486 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The information contained in these Final Terms [[●] has been extracted from [●]. [Each of the] [The] Issuer 
[and the Guarantor] confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, 
and is able to ascertain from information published by [●], no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]. [The Issuer [and the Guarantor] accept[s] responsibility for 
the information set out in these Final Terms.] 
Signed on behalf of the relevant Issuer: 
By:………………………………. 
By: …………………………… 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised 
 
[Signed on behalf of the Guarantor: 
By:………………………………. 
By: ……………………………. 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised]

--- Page 487 ---
- 487 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing30: 
[Official List of the [Euronext Dublin] [Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange]] 
[SeDeX] 
[EuroTLX]/[specify 
other]/[None] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading31: 
[Application [has been made][is expected to be made] 
by the relevant Issuer (or on its behalf) for the 
Securities to be admitted to trading on [[the regulated 
market [of the [Euronext Dublin] [Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange] [SeDeX multilateral trading facility which 
is not a regulated market for the purpose of Directive 
Directive 2014/65/EU] [the multilateral trading facility 
of EuroTLX which is not a regulated market for the 
purpose of Directive 2014/65/EU] with effect from 
[●]]/[specify other] [Not applicable] 
[The Issuer reserves the right to make [further] 
application[s] for the Securities to be admitted to 
listing and/or trading on [additional] markets/trading 
venues.] 
 
 
 
[[Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario 
S.p.A.]/[ ●] will act as Liquidity Provider with 
reference to the Securities traded on [●].] 
 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Securities are already admitted to 
trading.) 
2. 
 
RATINGS 
 
 
 
Ratings: 
The Securities to be issued have not been rated. 
3. 
 
NOTIFICATION 
 
 
[Not applicable.] [The Central Bank of Ireland [has been requested to provide/has provided – 
include first alternative for an issue which is contemporaneous with the establishment or 
update of the Programme and the second alternative for subsequent issues] the )[names of 
competent authorities of host member states] with a certificate of approval attesting that the 
Base Prospectus [and the supplement thereto dated [●]] has been drawn up in accordance with 
the Prospectus Regulation.] [These Final Terms have been submitted to [Commission de 
                                                          
 
30  
Where application is only made for the Securities to be admitted to trading on a multilateral trading facility and no 
application for the admission to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor any offer in the 
European Economic Area or the UK in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus 
Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation are provided for, this document will not constitute the Final Terms for the 
purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation but will constitute a pricing 
supplement. 
31  
Where application is only made for the Securities to be admitted to trading on a multilateral trading facility and no 
application for the admission to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor any offer in the 
European Economic Area or the UK in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus 
Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation are provided for, this document will not constitute the Final Terms for the 
purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation but will constitute a pricing 
supplement.

--- Page 488 ---
- 488 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
Surveillance du Secteur Financier (CSSF)] [Commissione Nazionale per la Società e la Borsa 
(CONSOB)] [●] on [●].] 
4. 
 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER/LISTING 
 
 
[Not applicable] [Save for the fees payable to the [Dealer(s)/Distributors]/[include other 
entities],] so far as the relevant Issuer is aware, no [other] person involved in the 
[issue/offer/lisitng] of the Securities has an interest material to the [issue/offer/listing]. (Amend 
as appropriate if there are other interests) 
5. 
 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL 
EXPENSES 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[Not applicable] [●] 
 
 
 
(See ["Use of Proceeds"] wording in Base Prospectus 
– if reasons for offer different from making profit 
and/or hedging certain risks will need to include those 
reasons here.)] 
 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[Not applicable] [●] 
 
 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will 
need to split out and present in order of priority. If 
proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed uses state 
amount and sources of other funding.)] 
 
(iii) 
Estimated total expenses: 
[Not applicable] [●] 
[Include breakdown of expenses.](***) 
6. 
 
FURTHER INFORMATION PUBLISHED BY THE ISSUER  
 
 
[The Issuer does not intend to provide any further information on the past and future 
performance and/or volatility of the Underlying Reference. [The Issuer will provide further 
information relating to the past and future performance and/or volatility of the Underlying 
Reference on [insert source [●]] [and update the information on an ongoing basis following 
issuance of the Securities]. Such information will include [describe information: [●]] 
7. 
 
INFORMATION RELATING TO THE UNDERLYING REFERENCE  
 
 
[Information on the past and future performance of the Underlying Reference[s] and [its][their] 
volatility can be obtained [free of charge] [at a charge] [●] /[[on the public website on www. 
[●][ ●] [and on the [Bloomberg] or [Reuters] page as provided for each Component 
composing the Underlying Reference. [NB ensure such page is given there] [If no public 
information exists, insert: in a physical form at the offices of [insert address/telephone 
number]] 
 
 
[If the relevant Underlying Reference is an index or basket of indices, insert: 
                                                          
 
*** It is only necessary to include disclosure of net proceeds and total expenses at (ii) and (iii) above where 
disclosure is included at (i) above.

--- Page 489 ---
- 489 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
The sponsor of the, or each, index composing the Underlying Reference also maintains an 
Internet Site at [the following address] [●] where further information may be available in 
respect of the Underlying Reference. 
[Name of Index Sponsor Website] 
 
 
[Insert relevant disclaimer for each index:]] 
8. 
 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
 
CFI: 
[●] [Not applicable] 
 
 
FISN: 
[●] [Not applicable] 
 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
S.A./N.V. 
and 
Clearstream 
Banking, 
société 
anonyme 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
 
Initial Paying Agents: 
[●] 
 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
9. 
 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
If syndicated, names and addresses of 
Managers 
and 
underwriting 
commitments: 
[Not applicable/give names and addresses and 
underwriting commitments] 
 
 
 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and 
names and addresses of the entities agreeing to place 
the issue without a firm commitment or on a "best 
efforts" basis if such entities are not the same as the 
Managers.) 
 
(ii) 
Date of Subscription Agreement: 
 
[Not applicable] [●] 
 
(iii) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not applicable/give name] 
 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not applicable/give name] 
 
(v) 
Non-exempt offer: 
[Not applicable] [An offer of the Securities may be 
made by [the Managers and] [Insert names and 
addresses of financial intermediaries receiving 
consent (specific consent)]  other than pursuant to 
Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in [specify 
relevant member state(s) – which must be jurisdictions 
where the Prospectus and any supplements have been 
passported] ("Public Offer Jurisdictions") during the

--- Page 490 ---
- 490 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
period from [specify date] until [specify date] ("Offer 
Period"). See further Paragraph 12 (Terms and 
Conditions of the Offer) of Part B below. 
 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
10. 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF 
THE OFFER(*) 
[Not applicable] 
 
 
Offer Period: 
[specify] 
 
 
Offer Amount: 
[give details] 
 
 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price][specify] 
 
 
Conditions to which the offer is 
subject: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
 
 
Description 
of 
the 
application 
process: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
 
 
Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions 
and 
manner 
for 
refunding excess amount paid by 
applicants: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
 
 
Details of the minimum and/or 
maximum amount of application: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
 
 
Details of the method and time limits 
for paying up and delivering the 
Securities: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
 
 
Manner in and date on which results 
of the offer are to be made public: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
 
 
Procedure for exercise of any right of 
pre-emption, 
negotiability 
of 
subscription rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
 
 
Process for notification to applicants 
of the amount allotted and the 
indication whether dealing may 
begin before notification is made: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
 
 
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically 
charged 
to 
the 
subscriber: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
 
 
Name(s) and address(es), to the 
extent known to the relevant Issuer, 
[None/give details] 
                                                          
 
*  
Not relevant for an issue of Securities with an issue price of equal to or greater than Euro 100,000 (or its 
equivalent in another currency).

--- Page 491 ---
- 491 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
of the placers in the various countries 
where the offer takes place. 
 
 
Consent to use of Base Prospectus 
[None/give details] 
 
 
Other intermediaries in case of public 
distribution through trading venues 
(including SeDeX) 
[None/give details] 
11. 
 
SECONDARY 
MARKET 
PRICING 
[Applicable32] [Not applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
 
[In the event that the Issuer decides to purchase the 
Securities from the Securityholder prior to the 
Settlement Date, the secondary market pricing 
provided by the Issuer on the Securities will reflect 
[●] (give details of hedge unwinding costs and/or loss 
of profit related to such hedging portfolio)] 
 
 
 
[A secondary market for the Warrants will be available 
[through 
the 
multilateral 
trading 
facility 
of 
[EuroTLX][SeDeX][ [ ●], where Mediobanca/[ ●] 
will act as Liquidity Provider with a maximum bid/ask 
spread of [ ●] per cent. [under normal market 
conditions]/[specify other].] 
12. 
 
[EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
 
 
[Benchmarks: 
Amounts payable under the Securities will be 
calculated by reference to [●] which is provided by 
[●]. (if more than one, specify in relation to each 
relevant Benchmark) 
As at [ ●],[ ●] [appears/does not appear] on the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) 
(the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"). [As far as the 
Issuer is aware [[insert name of Benchmark[s]/the 
[relevant] Benchmark] [does/do] not fall within the 
scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of 
Article 2 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation.]/[, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that [●] is not 
currently 
required 
to 
obtain 
authorisation 
or 
                                                          
 
32  Where application is only made for the Securities to be admitted to trading on a multilateral trading facility 
and no application for the admission to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor any 
offer in the European Economic Area or the UK in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be 
published under the Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation are provided for, this document 
will not constitute the Final Terms for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation or the UK 
Prospectus Regulation but will constitute a pricing supplement.

--- Page 492 ---
- 492 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
registration (or, if located outside the European Union, 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence).]] 
[Amounts payable under the Securities will be 
calculated by reference to [●] which is provided by 
[●]. (if more than one, specify in relation to each 
relevant Benchmark)  
As at [ ●],[ ●] [appears/does not appear] on the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by the FCA pursuant to Article 36 
(Register of administrators and benchmarks) of 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK Benchmarks 
Regulation")]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the 
date hereof, [[insert name of Benchmark[s]/the 
[relevant] Benchmark] [does/do] not fall within the 
scope of the UK Benchmarks Regulation]/ [As far as 
the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of UK Benchmarks Regulation apply, such 
that [ ●] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the 
United 
Kingdom, 
recognition, 
endorsement 
or 
equivalence).]

--- Page 493 ---
- 493 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
PART C – OTHER APPLICABLE TERMS 
[Insert other relevant information and provisions in accordance with Annex 28 of Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980, such as (i) additional provisions, not required by the relevant securities notes, relating 
to the underlying country(ies) where the offer(s) to the public takes place, (ii) country(ies) where admission to 
trading on the regulated market(s) is being sought, (iii) country(ies) into which the relevant base prospectus has 
been notified, (iv) series number, (v) tranche number. Delete if not required.]

--- Page 494 ---
- 494 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
PART D – SUMMARY OF THE SPECIFIC ISSUE 
[Insert Summary of the specific issue]

--- Page 495 ---
- 495 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
TAXATION 
The following is a general summary of certain Italian, Luxembourg and Irish tax consequences of the purchase, 
the ownership and the disposal of the Securities. It does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the 
tax aspects which may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the Securities and 
does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors and of Securities, 
some of which (such as dealers in securities or commodities and certain non-Italian resident Securityholders 
purchasing Securities convertible or exchangeable into shares) may be subject to special rules. 
Prospective investors are advised to consult in any case their own tax advisers concerning the overall tax 
consequences of their purchase, ownership and disposal of the Securities. Only these advisors are in a position 
to duly consider the specific situation of the prospective investor. 
This summary assumes that Mediobanca and Mediobanca International are resident for tax purposes in the 
Republic of Italy and in Luxembourg respectively and are structured and conduct their business in the manner 
outlined in this Prospectus. Changes in Mediobanca and/or Mediobanca International's organisational structure, 
tax residence or the manner in which each of them conducts its business may invalidate this summary. This 
summary also assumes that each transaction with respect to the Securities is at arm's length. 
Where in this summary English terms and expressions are used to refer to Italian, Luxembourg and Irish concepts, 
the meaning to be attributed to such terms and expressions shall be the meaning to be attributed to the equivalent 
Italian, Luxembourg and Irish concepts under Italian, Luxembourg and Irish tax laws. 
This summary is based upon the laws and/or practice in force as at the date of this Prospectus, which are subject 
to any changes in laws and/or practice occurring after such date, which could be made on a retroactive basis. 
Neither Mediobanca nor Mediobanca International will update this summary to reflect changes in laws and/or 
practice. If any such change should occur, the information in this summary could become obsolete. 
(A) 
Italian tax regime of the Securities issued by Mediobanca 
The Securities may be subject to different tax regimes depending on whether: 
(a) 
they represent derivative financial instruments or bundles of derivative financial instruments, through 
which the Securityholders purchase indirectly underlying financial instruments; or 
(b) 
they represent a debt instrument implying a "use of capital" (impiego di capitale), through which the 
Securityholders transfer to the Issuer a certain amount of capital, for the economic exploitation of the 
same, subject to the right to obtain a (partial or entire) reimbursement of such amount at maturity, not 
having 100 per cent. capital protection guaranteed by the Issuer. 
Tax on income and capital gains 
Securities representing derivative financial instruments or bundles of derivative financial instruments 
Payments in respect of Securities qualifying as securitised derivative financial instruments as well as capital gains 
of the Securities received by Securityholders which are (a) Italian resident companies or similar entities (including 
Italian permanent establishments of a non-Italian residents to which the Securities are effectively connected), (b) 
Italian resident partnerships carrying out commercial activities or similar commercial entities (c) Italian resident 
individuals engaged in entrepreneurial activities to which the Securities are effectively connected, are included in 
the relevant holder's taxable business income and are therefore subject to the general Italian corporate tax 
("IRES"), or to personal income taxation ("IRPEF") as business income, as the case may be, according to the 
ordinary rules. In certain cases, depending on the status of the Securityholder, such proceeds may also have to be 
included in its taxable base for regional income tax on business activities ("IRAP"). 
According to Article 5 of Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997 ("Decree No. 461"), payments in 
respect to Securities as well as capital gains realised by (a) Italian resident individual not engaged in 
entrepreneurial activities to which the Securities are effectively connected, (b) an Italian partnership (other than a 
società in nome collettivo or società in accomandita semplice or similar partnership) or a de facto partnership not 
carrying out commercial activities or (c) an Italian private or public institution not carrying out mainly or 
exclusively commercial activities, upon the sale for consideration or redemption of the Securities are subject to a

--- Page 496 ---
- 496 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
substitute tax (imposta sostitutiva) currently at rate of 26 per cent.. Securityholders may generally set-off capital 
losses with gains of the same nature. In respect of the application of the substitute tax, said Securityholders listed 
above may opt for one of the three regimes described below: 
(a) 
under the tax declaration regime ("Tax Declaration Regime"), which is the standard regime for the 
taxation of capital gains for Italian resident individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to 
which the Securities are connected, the imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be chargeable, on a 
cumulative basis, all capital gains, net of any incurred capital loss of the same nature, realised pursuant 
to all sales or redemptions of the Securities carried out during any given tax year. The overall capital 
gains realised in any tax year, net of any relevant incurred capital loss of the same nature, must be 
reported in the annual tax return and imposta sostitutiva must be paid on such gains together with any 
balance income tax due for the relevant year. Capital losses in excess of capital gains may be carried 
forward against capital gains of the same nature realised in any of the four succeeding tax years. 
(b) 
as an alternative to the Tax Declaration Regime, the Securityholders may elect to pay the imposta 
sostitutiva separately on payments received in respect of Securities and capital gains realised on each 
sale or transfer or redemption of the Securities under the so called "regime del risparmio amministrato" 
provided for by Article 6 of Decree No. 461 (the "Administrative Savings Regime"). Such separate 
taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to (i) the Securities being deposited with Italian banks, 
"società di intermediazione mobiliare" ("SIMs") or certain authorised financial intermediaries (or 
permanent establishments in Italy of foreign intermediaries) and (ii) an express election for the 
Administrative Savings Regime being timely made in writing by the relevant Securityholder. The 
depository is responsible for accounting for imposta sostitutiva in respect of capital gains realised on 
each sale or transfer or redemption of the Securities, as well as on capital gains realized as at revocation 
of its mandate, net of any relevant incurred capital loss of the same nature, and is required to pay the 
relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, deducting a corresponding amount 
from the proceeds to be credited to the Securityholder or using funds provided by the Securityholder for 
this purpose. Where a sale or transfer or redemption of the Securities results in a capital loss, such loss 
may be offset against with capital gains of the same nature subsequently realised, within the same 
relationship of deposit, in the same tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. Under the 
Administrative Savings Regime, the Securityholder is not required to declare the capital gains in the 
annual tax return. 
(c) 
Where the Securities are part of a portfolio managed under the "Asset Management Regime" (pursuant 
to Article 7 of Decree No. 461) by an Italian asset management company or an authorized financial 
intermediary, following to an express election of the Securityholder, any payments received as well as 
capital gains realised upon sale, transfer or redemption of the Securities will not be subject to the 
substitute tax on capital gains but will contribute the determination of the annual accrued increase in 
value of the managed portfolio, subject to 26 per cent. annual substitutive tax, to be paid on behalf of the 
taxpayer by the managing authorised intermediary. Any decrease in value of the managed portfolio at 
year end may be carried forward against appreciation accrued in each of the following years up to the 
fourth. The Securityholder is not required to declare the capital gains realised in the relevant annual tax 
return if under the Asset Management Regime. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), capital gains in respect of 
the Securities realized upon sale, transfer or redemption by Italian resident individuals holding the Securities not 
in connection with an entrepreneurial activity may be exempt from taxation, including the substitute tax of 26 per 
cent., if the Securities are included in a long-term savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) 
that meets the requirements applicable from time to time as set forth by Italian law. 
Any capital gains on Securities (as well as increase or decrease of their relevant fair market value) held by Italian 
resident open-ended or closed-ended collective investment funds ("Funds"), SICAVs and non real-estate SICAFs 
contribute to determine the increase in value of the managed assets of the Funds, SICAVs or SICAFs accrued at 
the end of each tax year. The Funds, SICAVs or non real-estate SICAFs will not be subject to taxation on such 
increase, but a withholding tax of 26 per cent. will apply, in certain circumstances, to distributions made in favour 
of unitholders or shareholders. 
Where a Securityholder is an Italian resident real estate investment fund or an Italian resident real estate SICAF, 
to which the provisions of Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September, 2001, Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 2010, 
converted into Law No. 122 of 30 July 2010, and Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, all as amended, 
apply, capital gains realised will be subject neither to substitute tax nor to any other income tax in the hands of

--- Page 497 ---
- 497 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
the real estate investment fund or the real estate SICAF. The income of the real estate investment fund or of the 
real estate SICAF is subject to tax, in the hands of the unitholder, depending on the status and percentage of 
participation, or, when earned by the fund, through distribution and/or upon redemption or disposal of the units. 
Any capital gains on Securities held by a Securityholders who is an Italian resident pension fund (subject to the 
regime provided for by Article 17 of Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) will be included in the 
result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to the 20 per cent. ad hoc annual 
substitute tax (the "Pension Fund Tax"). 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including minimum holding period), capital gains in respect of 
Securities realized upon sale, transfer or redemption by Italian resident pension fund may be excluded from the 
taxable base of the Pension Fund Tax, if the Securities are included in a long-term savings account (piano 
individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements applicable from time to time as set forth by 
Italian law. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian-resident Securityholders without a permanent establishment in Italy to which 
the Securities are effectively connected from the sale or redemption of Securities traded on regulated markets in 
Italy or abroad are not subject to the substitute tax, regardless of whether the Securities are held in Italy. In such 
a case, in order to beneﬁt from this exemption from Italian taxation on capital gains, non-Italian resident 
Securityholders who hold the Securities with an Italian authorised ﬁnancial intermediary and elect to be subject 
to the Asset Management Regime or are subject to the Administrative Savings Regime, may be required to file in 
due time to the Italian authorised ﬁnancial intermediary an appropriate self-declaration (autocertificazione) that 
they are not resident in Italy for tax purposes. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Securityholders without a permanent establishment in Italy to which 
the Securities are effectively connected from the sale or redemption of Securities not traded on regulated markets 
issued by an Italian or non-Italian resident issuer may in certain circumstances be taxable in Italy, if the Securities 
are held in Italy. 
However, where the Securities are not traded on a regulated market in Italy or abroad, pursuant to the provisions 
of Decree No. 461, non-Italian resident beneficial owners of the Securities with no permanent establishment in 
Italy to which the Securities are effectively connected are exempt from the substitute tax in the Republic of Italy 
on any capital gains realised upon sale for consideration or redemption of the Securities if they are resident for 
tax purposes in a state or territory included in the "White List" (i.e. Decree of the Minister of Finance dated 4 
September, 1996, as amended and supplemented from time to time and to be updated every six months period 
according to Article 11, par. 4, let. c) of Legislative Decree April 1st, 1996, No. 239, last amendment made on 23 
March 2017). The same exemption applies where the beneficial owners of the Securities are (i) international 
entities or organisations established in accordance with international agreements ratified by Italy; (ii) certain 
foreign institutional investors established in countries included in the White List, even if they do not have the 
status of taxpayers in their own country of residence; or (iii) Central Banks or entities which manage, inter alia, 
the official reserves of a foreign State. Under these circumstances, if non-Italian residents without a permanent 
establishment in Italy to which the Securities are effectively connected elect for the Asset Management Regime 
or are subject to the Administrative Savings Regime, exemption from Italian capital gains tax will apply upon 
condition that they provide in time with the authorised financial intermediary an appropriate self-declaration 
(autocertificazione) stating that they meet the requirement indicated above. Additional statements may be required 
for non-Italian resident Securityholders who are institutional investors. 
Non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Securities are 
connected that may benefit from a double taxation treaty with the Republic of Italy providing that capital gains 
realised upon the sale or redemption of Securities are to be taxed only in the country of tax residence of the 
recipient, will not be subject to the substitute tax in the Republic of Italy on any capital gains realised upon the 
sale or redemption of Securities. In such a case, in order to beneﬁt from this exemption from Italian taxation on 
capital gains, non-Italian resident Securityholders who hold the Securities with an Italian authorised ﬁnancial 
intermediary and elect to be subject to the Asset Management Regime or are subject to the Administrative Savings 
Regime, may be required to produce in due time to the Italian authorised ﬁnancial intermediary appropriate 
documents which include, inter alia, a statement from the competent tax authorities of the country of residence. 
Please note that for a non-Italian resident Securityholder, the Administrative Savings Regime shall automatically 
apply, unless it is expressly waived this regime, where the Securities are deposited in custody or administration 
with an Italian resident authorised financial intermediary or permanent establishment in the Republic of Italy of a 
foreign intermediary.

--- Page 498 ---
- 498 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
Securities representing debt instruments implying a "use of capital" not having 100 per cent. capital 
protection guaranteed by the Issuer 
Payments relating to Securities issued by Mediobanca that are not deemed to fall within the category of (a) bonds 
(obbligazioni) or securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) or of (b) shares or securities similar 
to shares (azioni or titoli similari alle azioni), may qualify as atypical securities (titoli atipici) for Italian tax 
purposes pursuant to Article 5 of Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983 ("Decree No. 512"), and are subject 
to a withholding tax, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. For this purpose, pursuant to Article 44 of the TUIR, 
securities similar to bonds are securities that (i) incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, at maturity, an 
amount not lower than their nominal value and (ii) do not grant to the relevant holders any right to directly or 
indirectly participate to the management of the issuer or of the business in relation to which they are issued or to 
control the same management. 
Where the Securityholder is (i) an Italian resident individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the 
Securities are connected, (ii) an Italian resident company or a similar Italian resident commercial entity, (iii) a 
permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign entity to which the Securities are effectively connected, (iv) an 
Italian resident commercial partnership or (v) an Italian resident commercial private or public institution, the 26 
per cent. withholding tax is applied by the Italian-resident withholding agent as provisional withholding tax. In 
all other cases, including when the Securityholder is a non-Italian resident, the withholding tax is a final 
withholding tax. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident individuals 
not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity may be exempt from any income taxation, including the 
withholding tax on interest, premium and other income relating to the Securities (which qualify as "atypical" 
securities as defined above), if such Securities are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano 
individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements applicable from time to time as set forth by 
Italian law. 
Double taxation treaties entered into by Italy may apply allowing for a lower (generally 10 per cent. or, in certain 
cases, nil) rate of withholding tax in case of payments to non Italian resident Securityholders, subject to proper 
compliance with relevant subjective and procedural requirements.  
(B) 
Tax regime of the Securities issued by Mediobanca International  
The following information is of a general nature only and is based on the laws presently in force in Luxembourg, 
though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. Prospective investors in the 
Securities should therefore consult their own professional advisers as to the effects of state, local or foreign laws, 
including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for Luxembourg 
income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a tax, duty, levy, impost or other 
charge or withholding tax or a tax of a similar nature refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. Also, 
please note that a reference to Luxembourg income tax encompasses corporate income tax (impôt sur le revenu 
des collectivités), municipal business tax (impôt commercial communal), employment fund's contribution 
(contribution au fonds pour l'emploi), as well as personal income tax (impôt sur le revenu) generally. Investors 
may further be subject to net wealth tax (impôt sur la fortune) as well as other duties, levies or taxes. Corporate 
income tax, net wealth tax, municipal business tax as well as the solidarity surcharge invariably apply to most 
corporate taxpayers resident in Luxembourg for tax purposes. Individual taxpayers are generally subject to 
personal income tax and the employment fund's contribution. Under certain circumstances, where an individual 
taxpayer acts in the course of the management of a professional or business undertaking, municipal business tax 
may apply as well. 
1. 
Tax treatment of the Securities in Luxembourg 
Luxembourg tax residency of the holders of the Securities 
A holder of the Securities will not become resident, or be deemed to be resident, in Luxembourg by reason only 
of the holding of the Securities, or the execution, performance, delivery and/or enforcement of the Securities.

--- Page 499 ---
- 499 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
Income taxation of the holders of the Securities 
Taxation of Luxembourg non-residents 
Under the existing laws of Luxembourg, the exercise or sale of Securities by a non-resident Holder does not give 
rise to taxable income in Luxembourg, unless such Securities were held as business assets by such non-resident 
through a permanent establishment or through a permanent representative in Luxembourg. 
A non-resident corporate holder of the Securities or an individual holders of the Securities acting in the course of 
the management of a professional or business undertaking, that has a permanent establishment or permanent 
representative in Luxembourg to which or to whom such Securities are attributable, is subject to Luxembourg 
income tax on any gains realised upon the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Securities. 
Taxation of Luxembourg residents 
Holders of Securities who are residents of Luxembourg will not be liable to any Luxembourg income tax on 
repayment of principal. 
(a) 
Individual holders of Securities 
Individual holders of Securities are not subject to taxation on capital gains upon the disposal of the Securities, 
unless the disposal of the Securities (whether by sale, redemption or exchange) precedes the acquisition of the 
Securities or the Securities are disposed of within six months of the date of acquisition of these Securities. 
If an individual holder of Securities is acting in the course of management of a professional or business 
undertaking, he/she is then subject to Luxembourg tax as described below in the section “Corporate holders of 
Securities”. 
(b) 
Corporate holders of Securities 
A corporate holder of Securities must include any gain realised on the sale or disposal (i.e. the difference between 
the disposal price and the fiscal value of the Securities disposed of) in any form whatsoever, of the Securities, in 
its taxable income for Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes. 
Luxembourg resident companies holders of the Securities which are companies benefiting from a special tax 
regime, such as (i) family wealth management companies subject to the Luxembourg law of 11 May 2007 on 
family estate management companies, as amended; (ii) undertakings for collective investment subject to the 
Luxembourg law of 17 December 2010 on undertakings for collective investment, as amended; (iii) specialised 
investment funds subject to the Luxembourg law of 13 February 2007 on specialised investment funds, as 
amended; or (iv) companies regulated by the Luxembourg law of 23 July 2016 on reserved alternative investment 
funds, not investing in risk capital, are exempt from income tax in Luxembourg and thus, income derived from 
the Securities, as well as gains realised on the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, exempt from such tax (the 
"Luxembourg Special Tax Regime Treatment"). 
Net wealth tax 
In respect of individuals, the Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005 abrogating the net wealth tax for individuals 
and adopting other measures, as amended, has abolished the net wealth tax with effect from 1 January 
2006.Luxembourg net wealth tax will not be levied on a corporate holder of Securities unless: (i) such holder is, 
or is deemed to be, resident in Luxembourg for the purpose of the relevant provisions; or (ii) such Security is 
attributable to an enterprise or part thereof which is carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent 
representative in Luxembourg.  
A resident corporate holder of Securities or non-resident corporate holder of Securities that maintains a permanent 
establishment, permanent representative or a fixed place of business in Luxembourg to which such Securities are 
attributable, is subject to Luxembourg net wealth tax on such Securities, except if such holder is governed by (i) 
the Luxembourg law of 11 May 2007 on family estate management companies, as amended; (ii) the Luxembourg 
law of 17 December 2010 on undertakings for collective investment, as amended; (iii) the Luxembourg law of 13 
February 2007 on specialised investment funds, as amended; (iv) the Luxembourg law of 22 March 2004 on 
securitisation, as amended; (v) the Luxembourg law of 15 June 2004 on venture capital vehicles, as amended; or

--- Page 500 ---
- 500 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
(vi) it is a company that is subject to the Luxembourg law of 23 July 2016 on reserved alternative investment 
funds. 
However, further to the Luxembourg law of 18 December 2015 on net wealth tax aspects, as amended certain 
companies such as (i) securitisation companies governed by the Luxembourg law of 22 March 2004, as amended; 
(ii) risk capital companies governed by the Luxembourg law of 15 June 2004, as amended; (iii) professional 
pension institutions in the form of variable capital companies (sociétés d'épargne-pension à capital variable - 
SEPCAVs) or associations (associations d'épargne-pension - ASSEPs) governed by Luxembourg the law of 13 
July 2005, as amended; and (iv) reserved alternative investment funds under the form of corporations which invest 
in risk capital, subject to the Luxembourg law of 23 July 2016, should fall within the scope of the minimum net 
wealth tax, which may vary depending on the total amount and type of assets held. Such minimum net wealth tax 
may either amount to EUR 4,815 or range between EUR 535 and EUR 32,100 (the "Luxembourg Minimum Net 
Wealth Tax"). 
Other taxes 
1. 
Registration duties 
It is not compulsory that the Securities or subject to any other formality in Luxembourg with any notary, court, or 
other authority in Luxembourg, in order to ensure the legality, validity, enforceability or admissibility as evidence 
of any of the Securities in Luxembourg, or that any registration tax, transfer tax, capital tax, stamp duty or any 
other similar tax or duty will be payable in respect of or in connection with the execution, delivery and/or 
enforcement by legal proceedings (including any foreign judgment in the courts of Luxembourg) of the Securities, 
unlessthe Securities are registered (or lodged with a notary's records), either voluntarily or by order of a 
Luxembourg court or official authority, or if they are attached (annexés) to any document subject to mandatory 
registration in Luxembourg (such as a public deed). 
2. 
VAT 
There should not be any Luxembourg value added tax payable in respect of payments in consideration for the 
issuance of the Securities or in respect of the payment of interest or principal under the Securities or the transfer 
of Securities, provided that Luxembourg value added tax may, however, be payable in respect of fees charged for 
certain services rendered to the relevant Issuer, if for Luxembourg value added tax purposes such services are 
rendered, or are deemed to be rendered, in Luxembourg and an exemption from Luxembourg value added tax 
does not apply with respect to such services. 
3. 
Inheritance and gift tax 
No Luxembourg inheritance tax is levied on the transfer of Securities upon the death of a Securities holder in 
cases where the deceased was not a resident of Luxembourg at the time of his death for inheritance tax purposes. 
Luxembourg gift tax will be levied in the event that the gift is made pursuant to a notarial deed signed before a 
Luxembourg notary or is otherwise registered in Luxembourg. 
4. 
Tax treatment of the Securities in Italy for Italian resident investors 
Any gain obtained from the sale or the exercise of the Securities representing derivative financial instruments or 
bundles of derivative financial instruments would be subject to the same tax regime as described under (A) "Italian 
tax regime of the Securities issued by Mediobanca", paragraph "Tax on income and capital gains", above. 
Where an Italian resident Securityholder is an individual who was not tax resident of Italy for at least 9 of the past 
10 years, transferred the tax residence to Italy and opted, through a ruling procedure, for the application of an 
EUR 100,000 substitute tax on his/her annual foreign-sourced income pursuant to Article 24-bis of Decree No. 
917, as introduced by the Law No. 232 of 11 December 2016, the payment of such substitute tax will be 
substitutive of any income tax due on the foreign-sourced income, including capital gains on the sale or 
redemption of Securities held out of the Italian territory. 
In case Securities representing debt instruments implying a "use of capital" do not guarantee the total 
reimbursement of the principal, under Italian tax law they should qualify as "atypical securities" pursuant to Law 
Decree No. 512, payments in respect of such Securities received by Italian resident individual Securityholders 
would be subject to the following regime:

--- Page 501 ---
- 501 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
(a) 
if the Securities are placed (collocati) in Italy, payments made to individual investors holding the 
Securities not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity will be subject to a 26 per cent. final 
withholding tax. This withholding tax is levied by the entrusted Italian resident bank or financial 
intermediary, if any, that is involved in the collection of payments on the Securities, in the repurchase or 
in the transfer of the Securities. However, if the Securities are beneficially owned by non-Italian residents 
are deposited with an Italian bank or other resident financial intermediary (or permanent establishment 
in Italy of foreign financial intermediary) or are sold through an Italian bank or other resident financial 
intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign financial intermediary) or in any case an 
Italian resident financial intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign financial 
intermediary) intervenes in the payment relating to the Securities, to ensure payment without application 
of Italian taxation a non-Italian resident Securityholder may be required to produce to the Italian bank or 
other financial intermediary a statement (autocertificazione) stating that he or she is not resident in Italy 
for tax purposes; 
(b) 
if the Securities are not placed (collocati) in Italy or in any case where payments on the Securities are 
not received through an entrusted Italian resident bank or financial intermediary (that is involved in the 
collection of payments on the Securities, in the repurchase or in the transfer thereof) and no withholding 
tax is levied, the individual beneficial owners (not engaged in a business activity to which the Securities 
are effectively connected) will be required to declare the payments in their income tax return and subject 
them to a final substitute tax at a rate of 26 per cent. The Italian individual Securityholder may elect 
instead to pay ordinary personal income tax at the progressive rates applicable to them in respect of the 
payments; if so, the Italian individual Securityholder should generally benefit from a tax credit for 
withholding taxes applied outside Italy, if any. 
The 26 per cent. withholding tax does not apply to payments made to an Italian resident Securityholder which is 
(i) an Italian resident commercial partnership, (ii) an Italian resident company or a similar Italian resident 
commercial entity (including the Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities to which the Program 
Securities are effectively connected) and (iii) a commercial private or public institution. In particular, in such 
cases, payments must be included in the relevant Securityholder's annual income tax return to be therefore subject 
to ordinary Italian business income taxation (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the status of the 
Securityholder, also to IRAP) and the beneficial owners should be generally entitled to a tax credit for any 
withholding tax applied outside Italy. 
 
(C) 
Irish Taxation of the Securities issued by Mediobanca and Mediobanca International  
The following is a summary of the Irish withholding tax treatment of the Securities. The summary does not purport 
to be a comprehensive description of all of the Irish tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to 
purchase, own or dispose of the Securities. 
The summary is based upon the laws of Ireland and the published practices of the Revenue Commissioners of 
Ireland as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus. Prospective investors in the Securities should consult their 
own advisers as to the Irish or other tax consequences of the purchase, beneficial ownership and disposition of the 
Securities including, in particular, the effect of any state or local law taxes, if applicable. 
Irish Withholding Tax 
Irish withholding tax applies to certain payments including payments of: 
 
Irish source yearly interest (yearly interest is interest that is capable of arising for a period in excess of 
one year); 
 
Irish source annual payments (annual payments are payments that are capable of being made for a period 
in excess of one year and are pure income-profit in the hands of the recipient); and 
 
Distributions (including interest that is treated as a distribution under Irish law) made by companies that 
are resident in Ireland for the purposes of Irish tax.

--- Page 502 ---
- 502 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
Such withholding tax applies at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent) to payments of Irish source 
yearly interest and Itirsh source annual payments, and at a prescribed rate of 25 per cent to distributions. 
On the basis that the relevant Issuer is not resident in Ireland for the purposes of Irish tax, nor does the relevant 
Issuer operate in Ireland through a branch or agency with which the issue of the Securities is connected, nor are 
the Securities held in Ireland through a depository or otherwise located in Ireland, then to the extent that payments 
of interest or annual payments arise on the Securities, such payments should not be regarded as payments having 
an Irish source for the purposes of Irish taxation. 
Accordingly, the relevant Issuer or any paying agent acting on behalf of the relevant Issuer (save as described at 
Irish Encashment Tax below) should not be obliged to deduct any amount on account of these Irish withholding 
taxes from payments made in connection with the Securities. 
Separately, for as long as the Securities are quoted on a stock exchange, an investor should not be obliged to 
deduct any amount on account of Irish tax from a payment made by it in connection with the purchase of the 
Securities. 
Irish Encashment Tax 
Payments on any Securities paid by a paying agent in Ireland or collected or realised by an agent in Ireland acting 
on behalf of the beneficial owner of Securities will be subject to Irish encashment tax at a prescribed rate of 25 
per cent. This is unless it is proved, on a claim made in the required manner to the Revenue Commissioners of 
Ireland, that the beneficial owner of the Securities entitled to the interest or distribution is not resident in Ireland 
for the purposes of Irish tax and such interest or distribution is not deemed, under the provisions of Irish tax 
legislation, to be income of another person that is resident in Ireland. In addition, an exemption applies where the 
payment is made to a company where that company is beneficially entitled to that income and is or willl be within 
the charge to corporation tax in respect of that income. 
5. 
Payments made by the Guarantor under the Guarantee 
There is no express position of the Italian tax authorities on the tax treatment applicable on payments performed 
by a guarantor in lieu of the Issuer. 
In principle, whilst payments made by the Italian Guarantor to the holders of Securities in order to refund the 
amount invested in the Securities should not give rise to any tax liability since they do not qualify as payments of 
income; payments made by the Italian Guarantor to the holders of Securities in relation to proceeds due on the 
Securities by the issuer, may give rise to Italian tax liability. 
According to a certain interpretation of Italian tax law, payments of interest performed by the Guarantor would 
have the same legal nature of that originally payable by the issuer and thus could be treated, in certain 
circumstances, as a payment made by the issuer and thus be subject to the tax regime described in the previous 
paragraph (A) in case of an Italian issuer and paragraph (B) in case of a non-Italian issuer. Conversely, according 
to a different interpretation of the law the payments performed by the Guarantor change the nature of the amounts 
due since the Guarantor pays the relevant amount in relation to a different and new legal title and thus the relevant 
tax treatment of the payments shall be examined based on such new legal title and on the nature and residence of 
the recipient. 
(D) 
General Provisions applicable in Italy to both Mediobanca and Mediobanca International Issues 
Tax monitoring 
Pursuant to Italian Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted by Law No. 227 of 4 August 1990, as amended 
from time to time, Italian tax resident individuals, non-commercial entities, non-commercial partnerships and 
similar entities, who are the beneficial owners of investments abroad or of foreign financial assets (including 
Securities held abroad and/or Securities issued by a non-Italian resident issuer), must, in certain circumstances, 
report the amount of Securities issued by Mediobanca or Mediobanca International held abroad during each tax 
year to the Italian tax authorities in their income tax return (or, in case the income tax return is not due, in a proper 
form that must be filed within the same deadline prescribed for the income tax return). Inbound and outbound 
transfers and other transfers occurring abroad in relation to investments should not be reported in the income tax 
return.

--- Page 503 ---
- 503 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
The requirement applies also where the persons above, being not the direct holders of the financial instruments, 
are the actual owners ("titolari effettivi") of the financial instruments in accordance with Articles 1(2)(pp) and 20, 
and with the Technical Annex, of the Decree No. 231 of 21 November 2007. 
The above reporting requirement does not apply with respect to (i) foreign investments (including the Securities) 
deposited for management with Italian financial intermediaries or relevant contracts entered into through their 
intervention, upon condition that any related income has been subject to tax by such financial intermediaries, or 
(ii) if the foreign investments are exclusively composed of deposits and/or bank accounts and their aggregate 
value does not exceed EUR 15,000 threshold throughout the year. 
Inheritance and gift taxes 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006, as converted in law, with amendments, by Law No. 286 
effective from 24 November 2006, transfers of any valuable asset (including the Securities) as a result of death or 
donation (or other transfer for no consideration) of Italian residents and of non-Italian residents, but in such latter 
case limited to assets held within the Italian territory (which, for presumption of law, includes Securities issued 
by Italian resident issuers), are generally taxed in Italy as follows: 
(i) 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to an inheritance and 
gift tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent. on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding EUR 
1,000,000.00 for each beneficiary; 
(ii) 
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to the third degree are subject to 
an inheritance and gift tax at a rate of 6 per cent. on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift; 
(iii) 
transfers in favour of brothers/sisters are subject to the 6 per cent. inheritance and gift tax on the value 
of the inheritance or the gift exceeding EUR 100,000.00 for each beneficiary; and 
(iv) 
any other transfer is subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8 per cent. on the entire 
value of the inheritance or the gift. 
If the beneficiary has a serious disability recognised by law, inheritance and gift taxes apply on its portion of the 
net asset value exceeding EUR 1,500,000.00. 
The mortis causa transfer of financial instruments (including the Securities) as a result of death is exempt from 
inheritance tax when such financial instruments are included in a long-term savings account (piano individuale di 
risparmio a lungo termine), that meets the requirements applicable from time to time as set forth by Italian law. 
A tax credit may be available for the inheritance and gift tax paid in Italy under the applicable double tax treaty 
on inheritance and gift, if any. 
Transfer tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of Securities are subject to the registration tax as follows: (i) public deeds and 
notarised deeds are subject to fixed registration tax at rate of EUR 200; (ii) private deeds are subject to registration 
tax at rate of EUR 200 only in case of use or voluntary registration or if the so-called "caso d'uso" or 
"enunciazione" occurs. 
Stamp duty 
Pursuant to Article 13 par. 2ter of the tariff Part I attached to Presidential Decree No. 642 of 26 October 1972, a 
proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to any periodic reporting communications which may be sent 
by a financial intermediary to its clients in respect of any financial product and instrument, including the 
Securities, which may be deposited with such financial intermediary in Italy. The stamp duty applies at a rate of 
0.2 per cent., it cannot be lower than € 34.20, and, for taxpayers which are not individuals, it cannot exceed EUR 
14,000. This stamp duty is determined on the basis of the market value or, if no market value figure is available, 
on the basis of face value or redemption value.

--- Page 504 ---
- 504 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
The statement is deemed to be sent at least once a year, including with respect to the instruments for which is not 
mandatory nor the deposit nor the release nor the drafting of the statement. In case of reporting periods of less 
than 12 months, the stamp duty is payable based on the period accounted. 
Pursuant to the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy on 24th May, 2012, 
the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the regulations issued by the Bank of Italy on 
20 June, 2012) of an entity that exercises a banking, financial or insurance activity in any form within the Italian 
territory. 
Wealth Tax on securities deposited abroad 
Pursuant to Article 19 of Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011, Italian resident individuals and, starting from fiscal 
year 2020, Italian non-commercial entities and Italian non-commercial partnerships and similar institutions 
(società semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with Article 5 of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 
December 1986) holding financial instruments, including the Securities, outside the Italian territory are required 
to declare them in their own annual tax return and pay a wealth tax at the current rate of 0.20 per cent. Starting 
from fiscal year 2020, for taxpayers other than individuals, this wealth tax cannot exceed Euro 14,000 per year. 
This tax is calculated on the market value of the Securities at the end of the relevant year or – if no market value 
figure is available – the nominal value or the redemption value of such financial assets held outside the Italian 
territory. Taxpayers are entitled to an Italian tax credit equivalent to the amount of wealth taxes paid in the State 
where the financial assets are held (up to an amount equal to the Italian wealth tax due). The financial assets held 
abroad are excluded from the scope of the wealth tax, if such financial assets are administered by Italian financial 
intermediaries pursuant to an administration agreement. 
Italian Financial Transaction Tax 
Where the Issuer decides to redeem the Securities at their maturity by delivering shares or other equity-like 
instruments to the investor, an Italian Financial Transaction Tax ("IFTT") may apply. In particular, Article 1(491) 
of Law No. 228 of 24 December 2012 (the "Stability Law for 2013") as amended by Law Decree of 21 June 
2013, No. 69, introduced a stamp duty-like IFTT of 0.2 per cent. on the transfer of shares and other equity-like 
instruments issued by Italian resident entities (for this purpose, residence must be determined on the basis of the 
location of the entity's registered office). This also encompasses any financial instruments that have such shares 
or equity-like instruments as their underlying assets, irrespective of the issuer's residence. The IFTT applies even 
if the transfer takes place outside Italy and/or any of the parties to the transaction are not resident in Italy. 
The IFTT rate is reduced by half to 0.1 per cent. if the transfer takes place on a regulated market or multilateral 
trading system. The IFTT is determined with reference to the net daily balance of purchase and sale transactions 
performed by the same person in the same financial instrument. In particular, the taxable base is determined by 
multiplying: (i) the number of securities corresponding to the sum of the net daily balance of purchase and sale 
transactions for each financial instrument for which there are net purchases (as opposed to net sales); and (ii) the 
weighted average price of the purchases of such financial instruments carried out on the relevant day. 
Article 1(492) of the Stability Law for 2013 introduces a fixed levy IFTT that applies to all transactions involving 
equity derivatives which have Italian shares, Italian equity-like instruments or Italian equity-related instruments 
as their underlying assets. An equity derivative is subject to the IFTT if the underlying or reference value consists 
of more than 50 per cent., of the market value of Italian shares, Italian equity-like instruments or Italian equity-
related instruments, as measured on either: (i) the date of issuance, for financial instruments traded on regulated 
markets or on multilateral trading systems; or (ii) the date when the relevant contract is entered into in all other 
cases. The IFTT applies even if the transfer takes place outside Italy and/or any of the parties to the transaction 
are not resident in Italy. 
The amount of tax due depends on the type of derivative instrument and on the contract's value, but is subject to 
a maximum of EUR 200. This IFTT is reduced to 1/5 of the relevant amount if the transfer takes place on a 
regulated market or multilateral trading system. If a derivative is equity-settled, the consequent share transaction 
is ordinarily subject to the IFTT under Article 1(491) of the Stability Law for 2013. 
The IFTT under Article 1(491) of the Stability Law for 2013 is due by and borne by the (ultimate) transferee of 
the shares or equity-like instruments. The IFTT under Article 1(492) of the Stability Law for 2013 is due by each 
party involved in the relevant transaction. The IFTT must be paid and accounted for to the Italian tax authorities 
by any intermediary intervening in any way in the execution of such transactions, e.g. banks, fiduciary companies

--- Page 505 ---
- 505 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
or investment firms licensed to provide investment services on a professional basis to the public in accordance 
with Article 18 of Italian Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, including non-Italian resident 
intermediaries. However, the Stability Law for 2013 provides that such an intermediary is permitted to refrain 
from executing the relevant transaction until they have received the amount of IFTT due on the transaction from 
the relevant person referred to above. Non-Italian resident intermediaries may appoint an Italian withholding agent 
as a tax representative in order to take care of the compliance regarding the IFTT. In the event that several financial 
intermediaries are involved, the obligation to make the payment of the IFTT to the Italian tax authorities falls on 
the party that directly receives the transaction order from the parties. If no intermediary is involved in a transaction, 
the relevant parties referred to above must pay the IFTT due directly to the Italian tax authorities. 
A 0.02 per cent IFTT has also been introduced on high frequency trading carried out on the Italian financial 
market. 
Some exemptions may apply. 
IFTT should not apply to Securities which qualify as atypical securities (titoli atipici). However, an official 
position of the Italian tax authorities in this regard is not available. 
(E) 
French Taxation of the Securities issued by Mediobanca and Mediobanca International 
 
This summary is based on tax laws and taxation practice, as in effect and applied as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus and is intended to provide general information only. This section does not address all French tax 
considerations that may be relevant to an investor. In some cases, different rules and specific exemptions can be 
applicable, depending, in particular, on the characterisation of the Securities for French tax purposes or on the 
specific tax situation of the investor. Tax laws, taxation practices and their interpretation are constantly under 
change, which changes may sometimes have a retroactive effect and may change the conclusions set out in this 
summary. Investors should seek professional advice with respect to the tax consequences of an investment in the 
Securities, taking into account the particular aspects of their situation. 
This summary assumes that the Securities will be treated as debt securities under French tax law and that the 
income and gains from the Securities do not have a French source. It does not discuss the taxation of derivatives, 
neither does it determine the conditions under which structured products can be treated differently from debt under 
French tax law. It also assumes that each Issuer is not a tax resident for French tax purposes and does not act 
through a permanent establishment in France in relation to the Securities. Finally, it is based on the assumption 
that there will be no substitution of the Issuers and do not address the consequences of any such substitution 
(notwithstanding that such substitution may be permitted by the terms and conditions of the Securities). 
Withholding of French tax by Mediobanca and Mediobanca International 
Income paid or accrued by the Issuers on the Securities will remain outside of the scope of the French withholding 
tax legislation to the extent such Securities are not issued through a French branch or permanent establishment of 
the Issuers. 
Taxation of French tax resident individuals 
Taxation of income 
The income deriving from the Securities, including the sums that may be regarded as redemption premiums,  are 
generally treated as interest from a French tax perspective. 
Interest and other income received by individual holders of Securities who are French tax residents (domiciliés 
fiscalement) and who do not hold their Securities in connection with a business they carry on, are taxable in the 
hands of the investor to income tax and social surtaxes following a two-step process. 
Interest and other similar revenues received by French tax resident individuals are first subject to a non-
discharging withholding tax (“prélèvement non libératoire de l’impôt sur le revenu” - PFNL) withheld at a flat-
rate of 12.8% as well as 17.2% of social surtaxes (CSG, CRDS and solidarity levy). The PFNL is considered to 
be an advance payment on the final tax liability. The PFNL must be withheld and reported by the paying agent of

--- Page 506 ---
- 506 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
such income in the meaning of the French withholding tax legislation, and usually is the financial instution keeping 
the bank or financial account of the investor.  
If the paying agent is established outside France, the individual investor is responsible for paying the income tax 
prepayment and the social surtaxes directly to the French tax authorities no later than the 15th day of the month 
following the payment received under the Securities. If the paying agent is established outside France, in an EU 
or EEA member state, it can however be appointed by the taxpayer as tax representative to account for and pay 
the PFNL on behalf of the taxpayer 
Upon final taxation, the income paid to a French tax resident individual is then in principle taxed at a flat rate of 
30% (12.8% of income tax and 17.2% of social surtaxes – together referred to as the “prélèvement forfaire unique” 
or PFU) or, upon election, under the ordinary progressive brackets of income tax (the election would apply on all 
investment income and capital gains) at a standard progressive rate of up to 45%. If the French tax resident 
individual elects for the application of the ordinary progressive brackets, a 6.8% portion of the aforementioned 
social surtaxes should be deductible from the taxable income of the following tax year. 
Should the amount of the PFNL exceed the final tax liability, the difference would be refunded to the French 
resident individual. 
If the French resident individual receives income subject to a withholding tax in the Issuers’ jurisdictions, a French 
tax credit may be available under the applicable tax treaty, if any. 
Taxation of capital gains 
Capital gains derived from the disposal of the Securities should be in principle subject to the PFU, at a global rate 
of 30% (12.8% of personal income tax and 17.2% of social surtaxes). If the French tax resident individual elects 
for the application of the ordinary progressive brackets, a 6.8% portion of the aforementioned social surtaxes 
should be deductible from the taxable income of the following tax year. Absent such election, no portion of social 
surtaxes will be deductible from the taxable income. 
If French tax resident holders of  Securities dispose of them at a loss, capital losses can in principle be offset 
against capital gains recognized during the same year and having the same nature, the excess being carried forward 
for a maximum of 10 years. Conversely, capital losses will not be otherwise deductible for income tax purposes. 
In case of settlement, redemption or other forms or repayment by way of physical delivery of shares, the taxation 
of the corresponding income may, in certain circumstances, be deferred until the disposal of the received shares. 
French resident individuals should consult their advisors regarding these aspects. 
Exceptional contribution on high income (“Contribution exceptionnelle sur les hauts revenus”) 
An exceptional contribution on high income may be applicable to French tax resident holders of Securities, where 
their “reference income” exceeds EUR 250,000 for a single person or EUR 500,000 for a couple taxed on a joint 
basis.  
The “reference income” for the relevant fiscal year would include income and gains realised in relation to the 
Securities. 
This contribution is equal to 3% of the fraction of the “reference income” above EUR 250,000 for a single person 
(or EUR 500,000 for a couple) and, 4% on the “reference income” over EUR 500,000 for a single person (or EUR 
1 million for a couple). 
Gift and inheritance taxes 
Subject to the provisions of the relevant bilateral tax treaty, French gift or inheritance taxes would be levied on 
the transfer of the Securities by way of gift by, or on the death of, French tax resident holder, if: 
a) the holder of Securities is a resident in France; or 
b) the beneficiary is resident in France and has been so resident for at least six years over the ten preceding years; 
or 
c) if both the holder of Securities,  and the beneficiary are non-French residents, the transferred assets are located

--- Page 507 ---
- 507 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
in France. Assets located in France for French gift/inheritance tax purposes would include receivables and 
other forms of debt instruments over a debtor established in France.  
The tax bands and rates depend, in particular, on the kinship between the individuals concerned. 
Taxation of French tax resident corporate investors 
Corporate income tax and additional contribution – general aspects 
As a general rule, income or capital gains in relation to the Securities are subject to corporate income tax at the 
standard rate of 26.5% (or to specific rates applicable depending on a company’s turnover and the level of its 
taxable profits) on an accrual basis. An additional contribution of 3.3% of the amount of corporate income tax due 
by the taxpaying company may be due if that company is subject to a corporate income tax charge exceeding EUR 
763,000. 
For fiscal years beginning on or after 1 January 2022, the standard rate will be reduced to 25% (other rates may 
apply depending on a company’s turnover and the level of its taxable profits).  
Capital losses are generally treated as ordinary losses which may be set off against operational profits. The 
remaining losses may be carried forward indefinitely, but their use is limited, for a given year, to EUR 1 million 
plus 50% of the taxable profit exceeding this amount. Besides, an option can be made by the holders of Securities 
in order to carry back the losses against their prior taxable result but limited to the taxable profit of the previous 
year and up to the limit of EUR 1 million. 
If the French corporate resident holder of Securities receives income subject to a withholding tax in the Issuers 
jurisdictions, a French tax credit may be available under the applicable tax treaty, if any. 
Taxation of interest and redemption premiums 
In principle, interest payments are taxed at the above-mentioned standard corporate income tax rate (or the reduced 
rate applicable to small companies where the relevant conditions are met) on an accrual basis. 
If the French corporate resident holder of Securities receives income subject to a withholding tax in the Issuers 
jurisdictions, a French tax credit may be available under the applicable tax treaty, if any. 
Any redemption premium would be taxed at the above-mentioned standard corporate income tax rate (or to 
reduced rates applicable to small and medium companies meeting certain requirements). However, if the estimated 
value of the redemption premium exceeds the purchase value of the Securities by 10% or more and the average 
issue price of the Securities is less than 90% of the estimated redemption value, the taxation of such premium is 
spread according to the actuarial method. The taxation of the premium is hence spread on an annual basis over 
the lifetime of the Securities until the maturity. 
Taxation of Capital gains 
Capital gains derived from the disposal of the Securities, by corporate resident holders should be taxable at 
standard rate of corporate income tax. The taxable gains should be reduced by the amount of the fraction of interest 
and redemption premiums taxed under the actuarial method. 
In case of settlement, redemption or other forms or repayment by way of physical delivery of shares, the taxation 
of the corresponding income may, in certain circumstances, be deferred until the disposal of the received 
shares. French corporate resident holders of Securities should specifically consult their own tax advisors regarding 
these aspects. 
Taxation of non-French tax resident investors 
Income and capital gains derived from the Securities, received by individuals who are not residents of France for 
tax purposes are not taxable in France.  
The income and capital gains derived from Securities by corporate investors who have neither their corporate seat 
nor their effective place of management in France, are not taxable in France unless the Securities form part of the 
business property of a French permanent establishment (these investors should instead generally refer to the 
“Taxation of French tax resident corporate investors” section above).

--- Page 508 ---
- 508 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
Transfer Taxes 
The subscription, purchase or subsequent sale of Securities, is not in principle subject to transfer tax in France. 
However, the following may be relevant in connection with Securities, which are settled or redeemed by way of 
physical delivery of shares issued by a French company: 
a) 
The settlement, redemption or other forms or repayment by way of physical delivery of outstanding shares 
in French companies should generally give rise to French transfer taxes pursuant to administrative guidelines. 
The conversion or exchange of Securities against shares issued by a public company whose registered office 
is located in France for consideration is, in principle, subject to a 0.1% transfer tax33 (the "French Transfer 
Tax"), provided, in the case of shares listed on a recognised stock exchange, that the transfer is evidenced 
by a written deed or agreement executed in France (BOI-ENR-DMTOM-40-10-10 n°50). 
b) 
A financial transaction tax (the "French Financial Transaction Tax") is imposed, subject to certain 
exceptions, on certain acquisitions of French shares (or certain assimilated securities) which are listed on a 
recognised stock exchange where the relevant issuer's stock market capitalisation exceeds EUR 1 billion (on 
1st December of the previous calendar year). The rate of the French Financial Transaction Tax is 0.3% of 
the acquisition price. There are a number of exemptions from the French Financial Transaction Tax and 
investors shall revert to their counsel to identify whether they can benefit from them. 
c) 
If the French Financial Transaction Tax applies to a transaction that would normally trigger the payment of 
the French Transfer Tax mentioned in (a) above, an exemption in respect of the French Transfer Tax is 
applicable. 
The settlement or redemption of Securities by way of physical delivery of shares issued by non-French companies 
will generally not be subject to French transfer taxes unless such transfer is evidenced by a written deed or 
agreement signed in France. 
(F) 
Proposed European Financial Transactions Tax (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's Proposal") for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate. 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced in its current form, apply to certain 
dealings in the Securities (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. 
Under current Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Securities where 
at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A 
financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad range 
of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) 
where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
The FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States. It may therefore be 
amended prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member States may 
decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Securities are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
                                                          
 
33 Other rates and specific rules may apply in specific circumstances (e.g. a 0.3% rate if the shares have been issued by a French private company or 
a French partnership, or a 5% rate of the shares have been issued by a company regarded as a “real estate company” for French transfer tax 
purposes).

--- Page 509 ---
- 509 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
(G) 
Exchange of Information 
On 25 May 2018, the EU Council Directive 2018/822 (DAC 6) has been adopted. Under DAC 6, intermediaries 
which meet certain EU nexus criteria and taxpayers are required to disclose to the relevant tax authorities certain 
cross-border arrangements, which contain one or more of a prescribed list of hallmarks, performed from 25 June 
2018 onwards. In specific cases, this obligation will shift to the taxpayer. Information with regard to reported 
arrangements will be automatically exchanged by the competent authority of each EU jurisdiction every 3 months. 
Under DAC 6, a cross-border arrangement has to be reported if (i) it is a cross-border arrangement which bears 
one or more of the hallmarks listed in DAC 6, (ii) in certain instances the main or expected benefit of the 
arrangement is a tax advantage and (iii) it concerns at least one EU jurisdiction. 
The Issuers or its intermediaries involved may be legally obliged to notify to tax authorities certain types of cross-
border arrangements and proposals for implementing such arrangements. 
(H) 
The Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a "foreign 
financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes ("foreign passthru payments") 
to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related requirements. The Issuers are foreign financial 
institutions for these purposes. 
A number of jurisdictions (including Ireland, Italy, France and Luxembourg) have entered into, or have agreed in 
substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify 
the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a 
foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or 
an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to 
instruments such as the Securities, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or 
an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Securities, are uncertain and may be subject to change. 
Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Securities, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which 
final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Securities 
characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal 
tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations 
defining "foreign passthru payments" are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be "grandfathered" 
for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date. However, if additional Securities 
(as described under "Terms and Conditions – Further Issues") that are not distinguishable from previously issued 
Securities are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under 
FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all such Securities, including those Securities offered prior to the 
expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. 
Securityholders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in 
the Securities.

--- Page 510 ---
- 510 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
(1) 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
The Central Bank of Ireland as approved this Base Prospectus as a base prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation. Application has also been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin 
(“Euronext Dublin”) for Securities issued under the Programme to be listed on the Official List of 
Euronext Dublin and admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. Euronext Dublin's 
regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of the Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended. 
However, Securities may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be listed or admitted to 
trading on Euronext Dublin or any other stock exchange or trading venue or which will be listed or 
admitted to trading on such stock exchange or market or multilateral trading facility as the Issuers and 
the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
The Central Bank of Ireland may, at the request of the relevant Issuer, send to the competent authority 
of another European Economic Area member state: (i) a copy of this Base Prospectus; and (ii) an 
Attestation Certificate. 
(2) 
Each Issuer and the Guarantor has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in 
Ireland and the Republic of Italy in connection with the establishment and update of the Programme and 
the issue and performance of the Securities and the guarantee relating to them. The update of the 
Programme, including the giving of the Guarantee, was authorised by a resolution adopted by the 
Executive Committee of Mediobanca passed on 26 Octoer 2021 and the decision (determina) assumed 
by the General Manager (Direttore Generale) of Mediobanca on 17 November 2021 and a resolution of 
the Board of Directors of Mediobanca International passed on 20 October 2021. 
(3) 
The price and amount of Securities to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the relevant 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
(4) 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus at page 425 (Legal and arbitration proceedings), Mediobanca 
International (where Mediobanca International is the relevant Issuer) is not and none of Mediobanca and 
its consolidated subsidiaries (where Mediobanca is the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor) is or has been 
involved in any governmental, legal, arbitration or administrative proceedings in the 12 months 
preceding the date of this document relating to claims or amounts which may have, or have had in the 
recent past, a significant effect on the Mediobanca Group's financial position or profitability and, so far 
as Mediobanca or, as the case may be, Mediobanca International is aware, no such litigation, arbitration 
or administrative proceedings are pending or threatened. 
(5) 
Neither Mediobanca nor Mediobanca International nor any of Mediobanca's subsidiaries has entered into 
any contracts in the last two years outside the ordinary course of business that have been or may 
reasonably be expected to be material to such Issuer's ability to meet its obligations to Securityholders. 
(6) 
Since 30 June 2021 (being the last day of the financial period in respect of which the most recent audited 
annual financial statements of Mediobanca have been prepared) there has been no material adverse 
change in the prospects of Mediobanca or its subsidiaries. 
(7) 
Since 30 June 2021 (being the last day of the financial period in respect of which the most recent audited 
annual financial statements of Mediobanca have been prepared) there has been no material adverse 
change in the prospects of Mediobanca International. 
(8) 
There have been no significant changes to the financial or trading position or to the financial performance 
of Mediobanca or the other companies forming part of the Group since the most recent unaudited 
financial information available was disclosed in the audited consolidated financial statements as at 30 
June 2021; 
(9) 
There have been no significant changes to the financial or trading position or to the financial performance 
of Mediobanca International since the most recent audited financial information available was disclosed 
in the audited consolidated financial statements as at 30 June 2021.

--- Page 511 ---
- 511 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
(10) 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Securities remain outstanding, the following 
documents will be available in electronic form (unless the investor requests physical copies), and in the 
case of paragraphs (vi), (vii), (viii) and (ix) below, may be obtained free of charge during usual business 
hours on any weekday (Saturdays and public holidays excepted), for inspection at the office of the Fiscal 
Agent and the Paying Agent: 
(i) 
the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement. A copy of the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement 
will 
be 
electronically 
available 
for 
viewing 
on 
the 
website: 
https://www.mediobanca.com/en/products-issued/documents/framework-documentation.html; 
(ii) 
the Deeds of Covenant. A copy of the Deeds of Covenant will be electronically available for 
viewing 
on 
the 
website: 
https://www.mediobanca.com/en/products-
issued/documents/framework-documentation.html; 
(iii) 
the Deed of Guarantee. A copy of the Deed of Guarantee will be electronically available for 
viewing 
on 
the 
website: 
https://www.mediobanca.com/en/products-
issued/documents/framework-documentation.html; 
(iv) 
the Programme Manual (being a manual signed for the purposes of identification by the Issuers 
and the Fiscal Agent, containing suggested forms and operating procedures for the Programme, 
including the forms of the Securities in global and definitive form). A copy of the Programme 
Manual 
will 
be 
electronically 
available 
for 
viewing 
on 
the 
website: 
https://www.mediobanca.com/en/products-issued/documents/framework-documentation.html; 
(v) 
the By-laws (Statuto) of Mediobanca and articles of incorporation of Mediobanca International. 
A copy of the By-laws (Statuto) of Mediobanca and articles of incorporation of Mediobanca 
International will be electronically available for viewing on the Issuers’ websites: 
https://www.mediobanca.com/en/corporate-governance/governance-reports-and-
documents/documents.html (in respect of Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A.) 
and https://www.mediobancaint.lu/en/index.html (in respect of Mediobanca International 
(Luxembourg) S.A.); 
(vi) 
the published annual financial statements of Mediobanca International as at and for the years 
ended 30 June 2020 and 2021; 
(vii) 
the consolidated annual financial statements of Mediobanca as at and for the years ended 30 
June 2020 and 2021; 
(viii) 
Final Terms for Securities which are listed on Euronext Dublin or any other stock exchange or 
market; 
(ix) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any Supplement to this Base Prospectus or further 
Base Prospectus. 
A copy of this Base Prospectus will also be electronically available for viewing on Euronext Dublin's 
website (www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin). 
In compliance with Article 21(3) of the Prospectus Regulation, a copy of this Base Prospectus along with 
the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and any applicable supplement and final 
terms 
will 
be 
electronically 
available 
for 
viewing 
on 
Euronext 
Dublin 
website 
(www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin). 
(11) 
Physical copies of the latest annual consolidated financial statements of Mediobanca and annual financial 
statements of Mediobanca International may be obtained upon request at the specified office of the 
Paying Agent during normal business hours, so long as any of the Securities is outstanding. 
(12) 
The Issuers do not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any assets underlying 
issues of Securities constituting derivative securities, except if required by any applicable laws and 
regulations.

--- Page 512 ---
- 512 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
(13) 
The Securities have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which 
are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each 
Tranche of Securities allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. If the Securities are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system 
the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(14) 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and 
the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg. The address of Monte Titoli S.p.A. is Piazza degli Affari 6, 20123 Milan, Italy. 
(15) 
The websites of the Issuers are, respectively: www.mediobanca.it (in respect of Mediobanca – Banca di 
Credito Finanziario S.p.A.) and www.mediobancaint.lu (in respect of Mediobanca International 
(Luxembourg) S.A.). For the avoidance of doubts, unless specifically incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus, information contained on any website indicated herein does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
(16) 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, Mediobanca and 
their affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business 
activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively 
trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including 
bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities 
activities may involve securities and/or instruments of Mediobanca or Mediobanca's affiliates. Certain 
of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with Mediobanca routinely hedge their 
credit exposure to Mediobanca consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, 
such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist 
of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially the Securities issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect 
future trading prices of Securities issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also 
make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of 
such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long 
and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. For the purpose of this paragraph the term 
"affiliates" includes also parent companies. 
(17) 
With respect to Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation the Issuers consent, to the extent and under the 
conditions, if any, indicated in the Final Terms, to the use of the Base Prospectus as long as the Base 
Prospectus is valid in accordance with Article 12 of the Prospectus Regulation and accept responsibility 
for the content of the Base Prospectus also with respect to subsequent resale or final placement of the 
Securities by any Dealer and/or financial intermediary which was given consent to use the prospectus.  
Such consent may be given to all (general consent) or only one or more (individual consent) specified 
Dealers and/or financial intermediaries and/or for a limited or indefinite period, as stated in the Final 
Terms, and for France, Italy and/or Luxembourg (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) as member 
states in which the Base Prospectus has been passported and which will be indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms.  
Such consent by the Issuers is subject to each Dealer and/or financial intermediary complying with the 
terms and conditions described in this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms as well as any 
applicable selling restrictions. The distribution of this Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base 
Prospectus, if any, and the relevant Final Terms as well as the offering, sale and delivery of the Securities 
in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. 
Each Dealer and/or each financial intermediary, if any, and/or each person into whose possession this 
Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus, if any, and the relevant Final Terms come are 
required to inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions. The Issuers reserve the right to 
withdraw its consent to the use of this Base Prospectus in relation to certain Dealers and/or each financial 
intermediary. 
In case of an offer being made by a Dealer or a financial intermediary, such Dealer or financial 
intermediary will provide information to investors on the terms and conditions of the offer at the 
time the offer is made.

--- Page 513 ---
- 513 - 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
If the Final Terms state that the consent to use the Base Prospectus is given to all Dealers or 
financial intermediaries (general consent), any Dealer or financial intermediary using the Base 
Prospectus is required to state on its website that it uses the Base Prospectus in accordance with 
the consent and the conditions attached thereto. 
If the Final Terms state that the consent to use the prospectus is given to one or more specified 
Dealers or financial intermediaries (individual consent), any new information with respect to 
Dealers or financial intermediaries unknown at the time of the approval of the Base Prospectus or 
the filing of the Final Terms will be published on the website www.mediobanca.com.

--- Page 514 ---
- 514 - 
 
 
 
Milan 4208952.1 
REGISTERED OFFICE 
MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Piazzetta E. Cuccia, 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
Mediobanca International (Luxembourg) S.A. 
4, Boulevard Joseph II 
L-1840 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
ARRANGER 
MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Piazzetta E. Cuccia, 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
MANDATED DEALER  
MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Piazzetta E. Cuccia, 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
TAX AND LEGAL ADVISER TO MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (LUXEMBOURG) S.A. 
GSK Stockmann SA 
44, Avenue John F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg  
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE ARRANGER 
As to English and Italian law 
Dentons Europe Studio Legale Tributario  
Via XX Settembre 5 
00187 Rome 
Italy 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch 
60, avenue J.F Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
LISTING AGENT 
McCann FitzGerald Listing Services Limited 
Riverside One, Sir John Rogerson's Quay 
Dublin 2 
Ireland