--- Page 1 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 1 - 
47-41009328 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Dated: 12 March 2021 
MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Republic of Italy) 
MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (Luxembourg) S.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in Luxembourg) 
Structured Note Issuance Programme 
guaranteed in the case of Notes issued by Mediobanca International (Luxembourg) S.A. 
by 
 
MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Under the Structured Note Issuance Programme (the "Programme") described in this Base Prospectus 
(as defined below), each of Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. ("Mediobanca") and 
Mediobanca International (Luxembourg) S.A. ("Mediobanca International") (each an "Issuer" and 
together the "Issuers") may, from time to time, issue notes ("Notes"), subject in each case to compliance 
with all relevant laws, regulations and directives. The Notes issued under the Programme shall include 
(i) Notes whose return is linked to shares or a basket of shares ("Share Linked Notes"), (ii) Notes whose 
return is linked to an index or a basket of indices ("Index Linked Notes"), (iii) Notes whose return is 
linked to a fund or a basket of funds ("Fund Linked Notes"), (iv) credit linked Notes ("Credit Linked 
Notes"), (v) inflation linked Notes ("Inflation Linked Notes") (vi) Notes whose return is linked to 
commodity or a basket of commodities ("Commodity Linked Notes") (vii) Notes whose return is linked 
to foreign exchange ("FX") rates ("FX Linked Notes") (viii) Notes whose return is linked to a debt 
instrument or a basket of debt instruments ("Debt Linked Notes") (ix) Notes whose return is linked to 
an underlying interest rate or underlying yield or a basket of underlying interest rates or underlying 
yields ("Interest Rate Linked Notes") (x) Notes whose return is linked to a currency exchange rate 
("Dual Currency Notes") and (xi) physical delivery Notes ("Physical Delivery Notes"). The payment 
of all amounts due and the performance of any non-cash delivery obligations in respect of any Notes 
issued by Mediobanca International will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by 
Mediobanca (in such capacity, the "Guarantor") under a deed of guarantee and subject to the 
limitations thereof executed by the Guarantor and dated 12 March 2021 (the "Deed of Guarantee"). 
Notes issued under the Programme will have denominations of not less than Euro 1,000. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these 
risks, see "Risk Factors" beginning on page 11. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank" or "CBI") 
as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). 
The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation and such approval should not 
be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as an endorsement of the quality of the Notes that 
are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted 
to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II and/or which are to be offered to the 
public in any Member State of the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). Investors should make their 
own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. This Base Prospectus is valid for a period 
of twelve months from the date hereof. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation

--- Page 2 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 2 - 
47-41009328 
 
to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. This Base Prospectus comprises two base 
prospectuses (one for each Issuer, each of which referred to herein as the "Base Prospectus") for the 
purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext 
Dublin") for Notes issued under the Programme within twelve months after the date hereof to be 
admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin (the "Official List") and trading on its regulated market. 
The regulated market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"). The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted 
to trading (as the case may be) on such other or further stock exchange(s) or market(s) as may be 
agreed between the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable) and the relevant Dealer (as 
defined in "Plan of Distribution"). Unlisted Notes or Notes not admitted to trading on any market may 
also be issued.  
The Central Bank may, at the request of the relevant Issuer, send to the competent authority of another 
European Economic Area Member State (i) a copy of this Base Prospectus; and (ii) a certificate of 
approval pursuant to Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation attesting that this Base Prospectus has 
been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation (an "Attestation Certificate"). 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue 
price of Notes which are applicable to each Tranche (as defined below) of Notes will be set out in the 
final terms relating to the Notes (the "Final Terms") which, with respect to Notes to be listed on the 
Official List of Euronext Dublin, will be delivered to the Central Bank and, with respect to Notes to be 
listed on any other or further Stock Exchange, will be delivered to the relevant Stock Exchange. 
The Programme also provides that Notes may be listed, as the case may be, on the official list of Borsa 
Italiana, the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq Stockholm AB, Nasdaq Helsinki Oy or the 
Euronext Paris SA or on such other or further stock exchange(s) as the Issuer may determine. 
The base terms and conditions of the Notes to be issued under the Programme (see "Base Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" below) (the "Base Terms and Conditions" or the "Base Conditions") will be 
completed by the relevant product specific terms and conditions applying to a particular type of Notes 
as set out in the applicable Chapters below (the "Specific Terms and Conditions" or the "Specific 
Conditions" and together with the Base Terms and Conditions, the "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes" or the "Conditions"). 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the "Securities Act"), or any state securities laws, and may not be offered or sold within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act) except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. The Notes will be offered and sold in offshore transactions outside 
the United States in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act. The Notes will be in bearer form 
and as such are subject to certain U.S. tax law requirements. 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to 
them under applicable law. 
Arranger of the Programme 
MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Dealers

--- Page 3 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 3 - 
47-41009328 
 
MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A.

--- Page 4 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 4 - 
47-41009328 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This document constitutes a Base Prospectus for each Issuer for the purposes of Article 8 of 
the Prospectus Regulation. 
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor, accepts responsibility for the information contained in 
this document and, to the best of the knowledge of each of the Issuers and the Guarantor, the 
information contained in this document is in accordance with the facts and does not omit 
anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor, having made all reasonable enquiries confirms that (i) 
this Base Prospectus contains all information with respect to the Issuers, the Guarantor, the 
Guarantor and its subsidiaries taken as a whole (the "Group" or the "Mediobanca Group"), 
the Notes and the deed of guarantee executed by the Guarantor and dated 12 March 2021 with 
respect to Notes issued by Mediobanca International (the "Deed of Guarantee") which is 
material in the context of the issue and offering of Notes, (ii) the statements contained in this 
Base Prospectus relating to the Issuers, the Guarantor and the Group are in every material 
respect true and accurate and not misleading, the opinions and intentions expressed in this 
Base Prospectus with regard to the Issuers, the Guarantor and the Group are honestly held, 
have been reached after considering all relevant circumstances and are based on reasonable 
assumptions, (iii) there are no other facts in relation to the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Group, 
the Notes or the Deed of Guarantee the omission of which would, in the context of the issue 
and offering of Notes, make any statement in this Base Prospectus misleading in any material 
respect and (iv) all reasonable enquiries have been made by the Issuers and the Guarantor to 
ascertain such facts and to verify the accuracy of all such information and statements. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU 
("MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (UE) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the 
"PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPS Regulation. 
IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, 
as the case may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to 
UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union

--- Page 5 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 5 - 
47-41009328 
 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET The Final Terms in respect of 
any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending such Notes 
(a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be made at the time of 
issue about whether, for the purpose of the product governance rules under EU Delegated 
Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for a 
Tranche of Notes is a manufacturer in respect of that Tranche, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules.  
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET The Final Terms in respect 
of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending such Notes 
(a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR") is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination 
will be made at the time of issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR product 
governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for a 
Tranche of Notes is a manufacturer in respect of that Tranche, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.  
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR, LIBOR, LIBID, 
LIMEAN, CMS or Constant Maturity BTP Rate which are respectively provided by the 
European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI") for EURIBOR and ICE Benchmark 
Administration Limited ("ICE") for LIBOR and CMS. At the date of this Base Prospectus, 
EMMI has been authorised as a regulated benchmark administrator pursuant to Article 34 of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "Benchmarks Regulation") and appears on the public 
register of administrators established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. As at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, ICE and the administrators of the Constant Maturity BTP Rate do not 
appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that ICE and 
the administrators of Constant Maturity BTP Rate are not currently required to obtain

--- Page 6 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 6 - 
47-41009328 
 
authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence). 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed with any supplement hereto and with any 
other documents incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, 
should be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other 
than those contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of Notes and, 
if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by either of the Issuers, the Guarantor or any of the Dealers. Neither the delivery 
of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, 
under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs 
of either Issuer or the Guarantor since the date hereof or the date upon which this document 
has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial 
position of either Issuer or the Guarantor since the date hereof or the date upon which this 
document has been most recently supplemented or that any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is 
supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
Purchases of Notes may be made through a duly appointed Dealer of the relevant Issuer. The 
relevant Issuer may also offer and sell Notes directly to investors without the involvement of 
any Dealer. 
The Issuers and the Guarantor will enter into a Dealer Agreement with the Dealers in 
connection with the issue of Notes for the purpose of the distribution of the Notes to prospective 
investors. Pursuant to the terms of the Dealer Agreement, the relevant Issuer(s) may appoint 
one or more Dealer(s) under the Programme to subscribe or procure subscribers for all or 
part of the Notes of the relevant Series. See the section on "Plan of Distribution" in this Base 
Prospectus for further details. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of either 
the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of Notes in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law. The Issuers and the Dealers do not represent that this 
Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or 
pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating 
any such distribution or offering. No Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly to the 
public, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may 
be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in 
compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus, any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such 
restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In 
particular, the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and are 
subject to U.S. tax law requirements. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuers and the Guarantor for use in connection 
with the offer and sale of Notes in reliance upon Regulation S of the Securities Act outside the 
United States to non-U.S. persons or in transactions otherwise exempt from registration. Its

--- Page 7 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 7 - 
47-41009328 
 
use for any other purpose in the United States is not authorised. It may not be copied or 
reproduced in whole or in part nor may it be distributed or any of its contents disclosed to 
anyone other than the prospective investors to whom it is originally submitted. 
The Notes have not been approved or disapproved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange 
Commission, any state securities commission in the United States or any other U.S. regulatory 
authority, nor have any of the foregoing authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the 
offering of the Notes or the accuracy or the adequacy of this Base Prospectus. Any 
representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in the United States. 
For a description of additional restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the 
offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the European Economic Area (including Italy), the 
United Kingdom and other jurisdictions, see "Plan of Distribution". 
The Dealers and PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. and PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société 
coopérative, as auditors to respectively, Mediobanca and Mediobanca International, have not 
separately verified the information contained in this Base Prospectus. None of the Dealers 
makes any representation express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the 
accuracy or completeness of any of the information in this Base Prospectus. Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other 
evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by either of the Issuers, the 
Guarantor or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any financial 
statements should purchase any Notes. 
Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such 
investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers undertakes to review the financial 
condition or affairs of the Issuers or the Guarantor during the life of the arrangements 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the 
Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers.

--- Page 8 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 8 - 
47-41009328 
 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes under the Programme, the Dealer or 
Dealers (if any) named as the stabilising manager(s) (the "Stabilising Manager(s)") (or 
persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may 
over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes 
at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that 
the Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of a Stabilising Manager) will 
undertake stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which 
adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made 
and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days 
after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment 
of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted 
by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of a Stabilising Manager) 
in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
***** 
Notes may be issued on a continuous basis in series (each a "Series") having one or more issue 
dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect of the first payment 
of interest), the Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes, 
as the case may be, of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") 
on different issue dates. The specific terms of each Tranche (which save in respect of the issue 
date, issue price, first payment of interest and principal amount of the Tranche, will be identical 
to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be set forth in the relevant Final Terms, 
the form of which is set out in Chapter 2 Part 2 "General Form of Final Terms for Notes" 
below and which will include, depending on the type of Notes that is being issued, the terms 
applicable to such form of Notes as are set out in the applicable Chapters below. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires: 
references to "Member State" are references to Member States of the European Economic 
Area, references to"$", "U.S.$", "USD" and "US Dollars" are to the lawful currency of the 
United States of America; references to "Euro" are to the single currency introduced at the 
start of the third stage of the European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty 
establishing the European Community, as amended; references to "£","GBP" and "Pounds 
Sterling" are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom; and references to "Yen" are to the 
lawful currency of Japan.

--- Page 9 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 9 - 
47-41009328 
 
CONTENTS 
CHAPTER 1 ............................................................................................................................ 11 
RISK FACTORS ..................................................................................................................... 12 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .......................................................... 66 
SUPPLEMENTS AND FURTHER PROSPECTUSES .......................................................... 68 
FORMS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................................... 69 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE STRUCTURED NOTE ISSUANCE PROGRAMME
 ......................................................................................................................................... 74 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE UNDERLYING .......................................................... 86 
CHAPTER 2 – GENERAL PROVISIONS OF THE NOTES ................................................ 87 
PART 1 – BASE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ........................................ 87 
PART 2 – GENERAL FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES ....................................... 161 
CHAPTER 3 – SHARE LINKED NOTES ........................................................................... 274 
PART (A) – SPECIFIC TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF NOTES LINKED TO A SINGLE 
SHARE .......................................................................................................................... 274 
PART (B) - TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF NOTES LINKED TO A BASKET OF 
SHARES ........................................................................................................................ 287 
CHAPTER 4 – INDEX LINKED NOTES ............................................................................ 300 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF NOTES LINKED TO AN INDEX ................................. 300 
CHAPTER 5 – FUND LINKED NOTES .............................................................................. 311 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF FUND LINKED NOTES ............................................... 311 
CHAPTER 6 – CREDIT LINKED NOTES .......................................................................... 332 
GENERAL TERMS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES......................................................... 332 
CHAPTER 7 – INFLATION LINKED NOTES ................................................................... 421 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF INFLATION LINKED NOTES ..................................... 421 
CHAPTER 8 – COMMODITY LINKED NOTES ............................................................... 438 
PART (A): TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF NOTES LINKED TO A SINGLE 
COMMODITY OR COMMODITY FUTURE ............................................................. 438 
CHAPTER 9 – DEBT LINKED NOTES .............................................................................. 466 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF NOTES LINKED TO DEBT INSTRUMENTS ............ 466 
CHAPTER 10 – UNDERLYING INTEREST RATE LINKED NOTES ............................. 473 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF NOTES LINKED TO UNDERLYING INTEREST RATE
 ....................................................................................................................................... 473 
CHAPTER 11 – FX LINKED NOTES ................................................................................. 490 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF NOTES LINKED TO FX RATES ................................. 490 
CHAPTER 12 – DUAL CURRENCY NOTES..................................................................... 501 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF NOTES LINKED TO CURRENCIES ........................... 501 
CHAPTER 13 – PHYSICAL DELIVERY NOTES .............................................................. 510

--- Page 10 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 10 - 
47-41009328 
 
GENERAL TERMS FOR PHYSICAL DELIVERY NOTES .............................................. 510 
CHAPTER 14 ........................................................................................................................ 517 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ..................... 517 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................ 521 
INFORMATION ON MEDIOBANCA - BANCA DI CREDITO FINANZIARIO S.P.A. .. 522 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF MEDIOBANCA – BANCA DI CREDITO 
FINANZIARIO S.P.A. .................................................................................................. 550 
INFORMATION ON MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (LUXEMBOURG) S.A. ....... 551 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (LUXEMBOURG) 
S.A. ................................................................................................................................ 556 
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION .................................................................................................. 557 
TAXATION ........................................................................................................................... 565 
GENERAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................ 592

--- Page 11 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 11 - 
47-41009328 
 
CHAPTER 1 
 
This section is intentionally left blank.

--- Page 12 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 12 - 
47-41009328 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuers and the Guarantor believe that the following factors may affect their ability to fulfil 
their obligations under Notes issued under the Programme and the Guarantee. Most of these 
factors are contingencies which may or may not occur and the Issuers and the Guarantor are 
not in a position to express a view on the likelihood of any such contingency occurring. In 
addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated 
with Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuers and the Guarantor believe that the factors described below represent the principal 
risks inherent in investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuers 
and the Guarantor to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any 
Notes or the Guarantee may occur for other reasons which may not be considered significant 
risks by the Issuers and the Guarantor based on information currently available to them or 
which they may not currently be able to anticipate. 
The purchase of Notes involves substantial risks and is suitable only for investors who have 
the knowledge and experience in financial and business matters necessary to enable them to 
evaluate the risks and the merits of an investment in the Notes. Before making an investment 
decision, prospective purchasers of Notes should ensure that they understand the nature of the 
Notes and the extent of their exposure to risks and that they consider carefully, in the light of 
their own financial circumstances, financial condition and investment objectives, all the 
information set forth in this Base Prospectus and as supplemented from time to time. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with the Base Prospectus and/or the Final Terms, or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Notes and, if given or made, such information or 
representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or the Dealer. 
By investing in the Notes each investor represents that: 
(a) 
Non-Reliance. It is acting for its own account, and it has made its own independent 
decisions to invest in the Notes and as to whether the investment in the Notes is 
appropriate or proper for it based upon its own judgement and upon advice from such 
advisers as it has deemed necessary. It is not relying on any communication (written or 
oral) of the Issuer or the Dealers as investment advice or as a recommendation to invest 
in the Notes, it being understood that information and explanations related to the terms 
and conditions of the Notes shall not be considered to be investment advice or a 
recommendation to invest in the Notes. No communication (written or oral) received 
from the Issuer or the Dealers shall be deemed to be an assurance or guarantee as to 
the expected results of the investment in the Notes. 
(b) 
Assessment and Understanding. It is capable of assessing the merits of and 
understanding (on its own behalf or through independent professional advice), and 
understands and accepts the terms and conditions and the risks of the investment in the 
Notes. It is also capable of assuming, and assumes, the risks of the investment in the 
Notes. 
(c) 
Status of Parties. Neither the Issuer nor the Dealers is acting as a fiduciary for or 
adviser to it in respect of the investment in the Notes.

--- Page 13 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 13 - 
47-41009328 
 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus and reach their own views, based upon their own judgement and upon advice from 
such financial, legal and tax advisers as they have deemed necessary, prior to making any 
investment decision. 
Prospective investors should also read the risk factors relating to Mediobanca set out in the 
English translation of the Mediobanca Registration Document (as defined below) which is 
incorporated by reference to this Base Prospectus as indicated in "Documents Incorporated 
by Reference" below. 
Words and expressions defined in "General Form of Final Terms" and "Base Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" in Chapter 2 and in the Specific Conditions and relevant Forms of 
Product Terms in Chapters 3 to 12 or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meaning 
in this section. Prospective investors should read the entire Base Prospectus. In this section, 
"Issuer" refers to Mediobanca and/or to Mediobanca International as appropriate. 
1. 
Material Risks that are specific to the Issuers and that may affect the Issuers' 
ability to fulfil their obligations under the Notes  
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
(A) 
Risks relating to the Issuers' activities and the market where the Issuers operate; 
(B) 
Risks relating to the Issuers' financial situation; 
(C) Risks relating to the legal and regulatory framework. 
(A) RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUERS' ACTIVITIES AND THE MARKET WHERE THE 
ISSUERS AND THE GROUP OPERATE.  
Systemic risks in connection with the economic/financial crisis and the Covid-19 Pandemic 
The evolution of the macroeconomic scenario could negatively affect the economic and 
financial situation of the Issuer and/or of the Mediobanca Group, and in particular its liquidity, 
profitability and capital solidity, leading the Issuers and/or the Mediobanca Group to incur 
losses, increase the cost of financing and reduce the value of assets held.  
The Issuers' performance is also influenced by the general economic situation, both national 
and for the Eurozone as a whole, and by the trend on financial markets, in particular by the 
solidity and growth prospects of the geographical areas in which the Issuers operate. The 
macroeconomic scenario currently reflects considerable areas of uncertainty, in relation to: (a)  
the trends in the real economy with reference to the prospects of recovery and growth in the 
national economy and/or resilience of growth in the economies of those countries, such as the 
United States and China, which have delivered growth, even substantial, in recent years; (b) 
future developments in the monetary policy of the European Central Bank for the Eurozone 
area, and the U.S. Federal Reserve Board for the US dollar area, and the policies implemented 
by various countries to devalue their own currencies for competitive reasons; (c) the 
sustainability of the sovereign debt of certain countries, and the tensions noted more or less 
frequently on financial markets. 
In this respect, the outbreak of Covid-19 pandemic, which began in China at the end of January 
2020 and expanded globally in a few months, has had and is still having significant negative

--- Page 14 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 14 - 
47-41009328 
 
consequences on the overall scenario and in turn on the Italian banking sector in which the 
Issuer operates. Furthermore, the measures implemented by the competent authorities, and 
mainly the Italian Government, on the one side, helped facing the health emergency, while on 
the other had massive negative consequences in human, social and economic terms. Indeed, 
such measures led to a reduction in revenues on the majority of the corporate customers, an 
increase of costs related to the actions necessary to contain and prevent the spread of Covid-19 
and, in turn, on the ability to pay existing debt (potentially also vis-à-vis the Issuer) and on 
current employment levels. Any of such circumstances may have an impact on the Issuers' 
results and, in turn, on the Issuers' ability to pay interest or repay principal under the Covered 
Bonds. 
Despite the actions taken so far by the Italian government, the regulatory bodies of the 
European Union and the relevant member states to mitigate the negative impacts of the anti-
Covid-19 measures and support the economic recovery, significant uncertainties still remain 
about the evolution, severity and duration of the pandemic. Should the Covid-19 pandemic and 
the consequent economic crisis situation persist in the forthcoming months, further negative 
impacts may arise on the Issuers' business situation, also due to the fact that such crisis situation 
increase the materiality of most of the risks to which the Issuer is exposed to, which are detailed 
below, and in turn the Group's results and financial condition might be materially adversely 
affected. 
The Issuers' financial results are affected by changes in interest rates 
Fluctuations in interest rates in Italy and in the other markets in which the Mediobanca Group 
operates influence the Mediobanca Group's performance. The results of each Issuer's banking 
operations are affected by its management of interest rate sensitivity (i.e. Interest rate 
sensitivity refers to the relationship between changes in market interest rates and changes in 
net interest income). A mismatch of interest- earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities in 
any given period, which tends to accompany changes in interest rates, may have a material 
effect on the Issuers' financial condition or results of operations. 
The Issuers' financial results may be affected by market declines and volatility 
The results of the Issuers may be affected by general economic, financial and other business 
conditions. During recessionary periods, there may be less demand for loan products and a 
greater number of the Issuers' customers may default on their loans or other obligations. 
Interest rate rises may also impact the demand for mortgages and other loan products. The risk 
arising from the impact of the economy and business climate on the credit quality of the Issuers' 
borrowers and counterparties, including sovereign states, can affect the overall credit quality 
and the recoverability of loans and amounts due from counterparties. 
The Issuers are therefore exposed by its very nature to potential changes in the value of 
financial instruments, including securities issued by sovereign states, due to fluctuations in 
interest rates, exchange rates and currencies, stock market and commodities prices and credit 
spreads, and/or other risks. 
The Issuers are subject to credit risk and market risk 
Credit risk relates to the risk of loss arising from counterparty default or, more generally, from 
counterparties failure to perform their contractual obligations. Therefore, the Issuers' business 
depends on the creditworthiness of its borrowers and counterparties, including sovereign states, 
which can affect the recoverability of loans and amounts due to the Issuers.

--- Page 15 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 15 - 
47-41009328 
 
Notwithstanding any policy implemented to hedge or otherwise manage their exposure to 
credit risk, the Issuers may not have access to all relevant information regarding its customers 
and their financial position, before granting loans. Any failure to properly understand the 
financial and economic profile of their customers could have an adverse effect on the Issuers' 
business and financial results. 
In addition, during recessionary periods, there may be less demand for loan products and a 
greater number of the Issuers' customers may default on their loans or other obligations. 
Interest rate rises may also impact the demand for mortgages and other loan products. The risk 
arising from the impact of the economy and business climate on the credit quality of the Issuers' 
borrowers and counterparties, including sovereign states, can affect the overall credit quality 
and the recoverability of loans and amounts due from counterparties, with a consequent 
negative impact on the Issuers' business and financial results.  
Market risk relates to the risk arising from market transactions in connection with financial 
instruments, currencies and commodities. The Issuers' trading revenues are dependent upon its 
ability to identify properly, and mark to market, changes in the value of financial instruments 
caused by changes in market prices or interest rates. The Issuers' financial results also depend 
upon how effectively the Issuers determine and assess the cost of credit and manages their 
credit risk and market risk concentration. In addition, due to market fluctuations, weak 
economic conditions and/or a decline in stock and bond prices, trading volumes or liquidity, 
the Issuers' financial results may also be affected by a downturn in the revenues deriving from 
their margin interests, principal transactions, investment banking and securities trading fees 
and brokerage activities. 
The credit and capital markets have been experiencing extreme volatility and disruption in 
recent months. To the extent that any of the instruments and strategies the Issuers use to hedge 
or otherwise manage their exposure to credit or capital markets risk are not effective, the Issuers 
may not be able to mitigate effectively their risk exposures in particular market environments 
or against particular types of risk. The Issuers' trading revenues and interest rate risk are 
dependent upon their ability to identify properly, and mark to market, changes in the value of 
financial instruments caused by changes in market prices or interest rates. The Issuers' financial 
results also depend upon how effectively the Issuers determine and assess the cost of credit and 
manage their credit risk and market risk concentration. In addition, due to market fluctuations, 
weak economic conditions and/or a decline in stock and bond prices, trading volumes or 
liquidity, the Issuers' financial results may also be affected by a downturn in the revenues 
deriving from its margin interests, principal transactions, investment banking and securities 
trading fees and brokerage activities. 
Risk relating to the Issuers investment banking and financial advisory activities 
The Issuers' investment banking revenues, in the form of financial advisory and debt and equity 
underwriting fees, are directly related to the number and size of the transactions in which the 
Issuers participate and may be impacted by continued or further credit market dislocations or 
sustained market downturns. Sustained market downturns or continued or further credit market 
dislocations and liquidity issues would also likely lead to a decline in the volume of capital 
market transactions that the Issuers execute for their clients and, therefore, to a decline in the 
revenues that it receives from commissions and spreads earned from the trades the Issuer 
executes for its clients. Further, to the extent that potential acquirers are unable to obtain 
adequate credit and financing on favourable terms, they may be unable or unwilling to consider 
or complete acquisition transactions, and as a result the Issuers' merger and acquisition 
advisory practice would suffer.

--- Page 16 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 16 - 
47-41009328 
 
In addition, declines in the market value of securities can result in the failure of buyers and 
sellers of securities to fulfil their settlement obligations, and in the failure of the Issuers' clients 
to fulfil their credit obligations. During market downturns, the Issuers' counterparties in 
securities transactions may be less likely to complete transactions. Also, the Issuers often 
permit their clients to purchase securities on margin or, in other words, to borrow a portion of 
the purchase price from the Issuers and collateralize the loan with a set percentage of the 
securities. During steep declines in securities prices, the value of the collateral securing margin 
purchases may drop below the amount of the purchasers' indebtedness. If the clients are unable 
to provide additional collateral for these loans, the Issuers may lose money on these margin 
transactions. In addition, particularly during market downturns, the Issuers may face additional 
expenses defending or pursuing claims or litigation related to counterparty or client defaults.  
Risks connected to the presence of OTC derivatives in the Group's portfolio 
The investors should note that the portfolio of the Group contains so-called "over the counter" 
("OTC") derivatives. The fair value of these OTC derivatives depends upon both the valuation 
and the perceived credit risk of the instrument insured or guaranteed or against which 
protection has been bought and the credit quality of the protection provider. Market 
counterparties have been adversely affected by their exposure to residential mortgage linked 
products, and their perceived creditworthiness has deteriorated significantly since 2007. 
Although the Group seeks to limit and manage direct exposure to market counterparties, 
indirect exposure may exist through other financial arrangements and counterparties. If the 
financial condition of market counterparties or their perceived creditworthiness deteriorates 
further, the Group may record further credit valuation adjustments on the underlying 
instruments insured by such parties. 
Any primary or indirect exposure to the financial condition or creditworthiness of these 
counterparties could have a material adverse impact on the results of operations, financial 
condition and prospects of the Group. 
Risk relating to intense competition, especially in the Italian market, where the Group has 
the largest concentration of its business 
Competition is intense in all of the Mediobanca Group's primary business areas in Italy and the 
other countries in which the Mediobanca Group conducts its business. The Mediobanca Group 
derives most of its total banking income from its banking activities in Italy, a mature market 
where competitive pressures have been increasing quickly. If the Mediobanca Group is unable 
to continue to respond to the competitive environment in Italy with attractive product and 
service offerings that are profitable for the Mediobanca Group, it may lose market share in 
important areas of its business or incur losses on some or all of its activities.  
The Issuers are subject to operational risk 
The adverse effects on the Issuers may impact on whether they can make the payments due on 
the Notes issued under the Programme. The Issuers, like all financial institutions, are exposed 
to many types of operational risk, including the risk of fraud by employees and outsiders, 
unauthorised transactions by employees or operational errors, including errors resulting from 
faulty computer or telecommunication systems. The Issuers' systems and processes are 
designed to ensure that the operational risks associated with the Issuers' activities are 
appropriately monitored. Any failure or weakness in these systems, however, could adversely 
affect the Issuers' financial performance and business activities.

--- Page 17 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 17 - 
47-41009328 
 
The Issuers' operation is dependent upon the correct functioning of the IT systems, which 
might expose the Group to certain risks  
The financial losses or impacts on the Issuers' operations that may arise may impact on whether 
they can make the payments due on the Notes issued under the Programme. The Issuers' 
operation depends on, among other things, the correct and adequate operation of the Issuers' IT 
systems, as well as their continuous maintenance and constant updating. 
Although the Issuers have always invested significant resources in upgrading its IT systems 
and improving its defense and monitoring systems, possible risks remain with regard to the 
reliability of the systems (e.g. disaster recovery), the quality and integrity of the data managed 
and the threats to which IT systems are subject, as well as physiological risks related to the 
management of software changes (change management), which could have negative effects on 
the Issuers' business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Among the risks that the Issuers might face relating to the management of IT systems are the 
possible violations of its systems due to unauthorised access to the Issuers' corporate network 
or IT resources, the introduction of viruses into computers or any other form of abuse 
committed via internet. Like attempted hacking, such violations have become more frequent 
over the years throughout the world and therefore can threaten the protection of information 
relating to the Issuers and their customers and can have negative effects on the integrity of the 
Issuers' IT systems, as well as on the confidence of their customers and on the Issuers 
reputation, with possible negative effects on the Issuers' business, results of operations and 
financial condition. 
In addition, the Issuers' substantial investment in resources in software development creates 
the risk that when one or more of the above-mentioned circumstances occurs, the Issuers' may 
suffer financial losses or impacts on the Issuers' operations if the software is destroyed or 
seriously damaged, or will incur repair costs for the violated IT systems. 
(B) RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUERS' FINANCIAL SITUATION 
Liquidity Risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Issuers will be unable to meet their obligations as they fall due, 
because of their inability to obtain funding (i.e., funding liquidity risk) and/or because of their 
difficulties to sell assets without incurring in a capital loss due to the illiquid nature of the 
market (i.e., market liquidity risk). 
The liquidity of the Issuers may be affected by (i) national and international markets' volatility; 
(ii) potential adverse developments of general economic, financial and other business 
conditions; (iii) circumstances making the Issuers temporarily unable to obtain access to capital 
markets by issuing debt instruments; (iv) credit spreads; (v) regulatory developments in the 
prudential requirements field; and (vi) variations in the Issuers' creditworthiness – which may 
affect the aforementioned market liquidity risk. All the above circumstances may derive from 
factors – as market disruptions – which do not depend on the Issuers' will, but may adversely 
affect their liquidity profile. 
Risks in connection with the exposure of the Group to Eurozone sovereign debt 
In carrying out its activities, the Group holds substantial volumes of public-sector bonds, 
including bonds issued by European countries. The Group's total exposure in this respect as at 
30 June 2020 is set out in the tables A.1.2a and A.1.2b of Part E on page 273 of the audited

--- Page 18 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 18 - 
47-41009328 
 
consolidated annual financial statements of Mediobanca as at and for the year ended 30 June 
2020 incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. This could give rise to operational 
disruptions to the Group's business. 
Thus, any negative developments in the Group's sovereign exposure could adversely affect its 
results of operations, business and financial condition. 
Risks connected to a potential rating downgrade 
At the date of this Prospectus, Mediobanca is rated (i) by A-2 (short-term Issuer Credit Rating 
"ICR"), BBB (long-term ICR), BBB (long-term ICR) and negative (outlook) S&P, (ii) F3 
(short-term Issuer Default Rating "IDR"), BBB- (long-term IDR) and stable (outlook) by Fitch 
and (iii) P-2 (short-term Counterparty Risk and Deposits Rating), Baa1 (long-term 
Counterparty Risk and Deposits Rating) and stable (outlook) by Moody's. Each of S&P, Fitch 
and Moody's are established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, (as amended from time to time) (the "CRA Regulation") 
as set out in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation 
published on the website of the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to the 
CRA Regulation.  
A downgrade of Mediobanca's rating (for whatever reason) might result in higher funding and 
refinancing costs for Mediobanca in the capital markets. In addition, a downgrade of 
Mediobanca's rating may limit Mediobanca's opportunities to extend mortgage loans and may 
have a particularly adverse effect on Mediobanca's image as a participant in the capital markets, 
as well as in the eyes of its clients. These factors may have an adverse effect on Mediobanca's 
financial condition and/or the results of its operations. 
In addition, Mediobanca's credit ratings are potentially exposed to the risk of reductions in the 
sovereign credit rating of the Republic of Italy. On the basis of the methodologies used by 
rating agencies, any downgrades of Italy's credit rating may have a potential knock-on effect 
on the credit rating of Italian issuers such as Mediobanca and make it more likely that the credit 
rating of Notes issued under the Programme are downgraded. 
(C) RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE LEGAL AND REGULATORY FRAMEWORK 
Changes in the Italian and European regulatory framework could adversely affect the 
Issuer's business 
Mediobanca is subject to extensive regulation and supervision by the Bank of Italy, the 
Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa (the Italian securities market regulator or 
"CONSOB") the European Central Bank and the European System of Central Banks. 
Mediobanca International is subject to extensive regulation and supervision by the CSSF, the 
European Central Bank and the European System of Central Banks. 
The banking laws to which the Issuers are subject govern the activities in which banks and 
foundations may engage and are designed to maintain the safety and soundness of banks, and 
limit their exposure to risk. In addition, the Issuers must comply with financial services laws 
that govern their marketing and selling practices. The regulatory framework governing the 
international financial markets is currently being amended in response to the credit crisis, and 
new legislation and regulations are being introduced in Italy and the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg and could significantly alter the Issuers' capital requirements.

--- Page 19 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 19 - 
47-41009328 
 
The supervisory authorities mentioned above govern various aspects of the Issuers, which may 
include, among other things, liquidity levels and capital adequacy, the prevention and 
combating of money laundering, privacy protection, ensuring transparency and fairness in 
customer relations and registration and reporting obligations. In order to operate in compliance 
with these regulations, the Issuers have in place specific procedures and internal policies. 
Despite the existence of these procedures and policies, there can be no assurance that violations 
of regulations will not occur, which could adversely affect the Group's results of operations, 
business and financial condition. The above risks are compounded by the fact that, as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, certain laws and regulations have only been approved and the 
relevant implementation procedures are still in the process of being developed. 
The Bank Recovery and Resolution Package is intended to enable a range of actions to be 
taken in relation to credit institutions and investment firms considered to be at risk of failing. 
The implementation of the directive or the taking of any action under it could materially 
affect the value of any Notes 
Directive 2014/59/EU (the "BRRD") as amended by Directive 2017/2399 (the "BRRD 
Amending Directive") and Directive 2019/879 (the "BRRD II" and, jointly with the BRRD 
and the BRRD Amending Directive, the "BRRD Package") provides for the establishment of 
an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment 
firms. The BRRD has been implemented in (i) Italy through the adoption of the Legislative 
Decrees No. 180/2015 and 181/2015 and (ii) the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg through the 
adoption of the Law of 18 December 2015. 
The BRRD Package contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or in 
combination where the relevant resolution authority considers that: (a) an institution is failing 
or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures 
would prevent the failure of such institution within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution 
action is in the public interest: (i) sale of business - which enables resolution authorities to 
direct the sale of the firm or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms; (ii) bridge 
institution - which enables resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the business of the 
firm to a "bridge institution" (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or partially in 
public control); (iii) asset separation - which enables resolution authorities to transfer assets to 
one or more publicly owned asset management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a 
view to maximising their value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used 
together with another resolution tool only); and (iv) bail-in - which gives resolution authorities 
the power to write down certain claims of unsecured creditors of a failing institution and to 
convert certain unsecured debt claims into shares or other instruments of ownership (i.e. shares, 
other instruments that confer ownership, instruments that are convertible into or give the right 
to acquire shares or other instruments of ownership, and instruments representing interests in 
shares or other instruments of ownership) (the "General Bail-in Tool"), which equity could 
also be subject to any future application of the General Bail-In Tool. 
In addition to the General Bail-in Tool, the BRRD Package provides for resolution authorities 
to have the further power to permanently write-down or convert into equity capital instruments 
such as subordinated notes at the point of non-viability and before or concurrently with any 
other resolution action is taken ("non-viability loss absorption"). Any shares issued to holders 
of the Notes upon any such conversion into equity capital instruments may also be subject to 
any application of the General Bail-in Tool. 
For the purposes of the application of any non-viability loss absorption measure, the point of 
non-viability under the BRRD Package is the point at which the relevant authority determines

--- Page 20 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 20 - 
47-41009328 
 
that the institution or its group meets the conditions for resolution (but no resolution action has 
yet been taken) or that the institution and/or its group will no longer be viable unless the 
relevant capital instruments are written-down or converted or extraordinary public support is 
to be provided and the appropriate authority determines that without such support the institution 
would no longer be viable. 
In the context of these resolution tools, the resolution authorities have the power to amend or 
alter the maturity of debt instruments and other eligible liabilities issued by an institution under 
resolution or amend the amount of interest payable under such instruments and other eligible 
liabilities, or the date on which the interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment 
for a temporary period, except for those secured liabilities which are subject to Article 44(2) of 
the BRRD. 
Moreover, the European Commission has proposed a harmonised national insolvency ranking 
of unsecured debt instruments to facilitate credit institutions' issuance of such loss absorbing 
debt instruments, by creating, inter alia, a new asset class of "non-preferred" senior debt 
instruments with a lower rank than ordinary senior unsecured debt instruments in insolvency. 
In such perspective, the proposed amendments to Article 108 of the BRRD aim at enhancing 
the implementation of the bail-in tool and at facilitating the application of the "minimum 
requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities" ("MREL") requirement concerning the loss 
absorption and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms. As such, 
the amendments provide an additional means for credit institutions and certain other 
institutions to comply with the forthcoming MREL requirement and improve their resolvability, 
without constraining their respective funding strategies. 
The powers set out in the BRRD Package and the application of the MREL requirement will 
impact credit institutions and investment firms and how they are managed as well as, in certain 
circumstances, the rights of creditors under the Programme. 
Risk related to major regulatory changes 
In the wake of the global financial crisis that began in 2008, the Basel Committee on Banking 
Supervision approved a number of capital adequacy and liquidity requirements ("Basel III") 
aimed at reaching higher and better-quality capital and risk coverage and at implementing 
measures to promote the build-up of capital that can be drawn down in periods of stress, the 
introduction of a leverage ratio as a backstop to the risk-based requirement as well as two global 
liquidity standards. The Basel III framework adopted a gradual approach, with the requirements 
to be implemented over time, with full enforcement in 2019.  
Moreover, the Basel Committee has embarked on a very significant risk weighted assets 
("RWAs") variability agenda. This includes the Fundamental Review of the Trading Book, 
revised standardised approaches (e.g. credit, market, operational risk), constraints to the use of 
internal models as well as the introduction of a capital floor. The regulator's primary aim is to 
eliminate unwarranted levels of RWA variance. The new setup will have a significant impact 
on risk modelling. From a credit risk perspective, an impact is expected both on capital held 
against the exposures assessed via standardised approach and on those evaluated via an internal 
ratings based approach ("IRB"), due to the introduction of capital floors that, according to the 
new framework, will be calculated based on the revised standardised approach. Implementation 
of these new rules on risk models will take effect from 1 January 2022. 
At the European level, the Basel III rules have been implemented through two separate 
legislative instruments: Directive 2013/36/EU of 26 June 2013, as amended (the "CRD IV

--- Page 21 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 21 - 
47-41009328 
 
Directive") and Regulation (EU) No. 575 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 
June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms (the "CRR" 
and together with the CRD IV Directive, the "CRD IV"). 
The CRD IV has been recently, as well as the BRRD and the SRM Regulation, following the 
adoption of a comprehensive reform package first announced by the European Commission in 
November 2016 (the "EU Banking Reform"). In particular, the EU Banking Reform consists 
of: 
 
Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 
amending the CRD IV Directive as regards exempted entities, financial holding 
companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and 
powers and capital conservation measures (the "CRD V"); 
 
Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 
amending the CRR as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements 
for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to 
central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, 
reporting and disclosure requirements (the "CRR II"); 
 
Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 
amending the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC 
(the "BRRD II"); and 
 
Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 
amending Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 as regards the loss absorbing and recapitalisation 
capacity of credit institutions and investment firms (the "SRMR II"). 
These recently introduced banking reforms as well as other laws and regulations that may be 
adopted in the future could result in additional charges and obligations to be fulfilled by the 
Issuer, which could impact negatively on the Issuer’s operating results and its earnings, capital 
and financial situation. 
Risks related to changes in fiscal law 
These recently introduced banking reforms as well as other laws and regulations that may be 
adopted in the future could adversely affect the Issuer's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and cash flow. 
The Issuers are subject to risks associated with changes in tax law or in the interpretation of 
tax law, changes in tax rates and consequences arising from non-compliance with procedures 
required by tax authorities. Any legislative changes affecting the calculation of taxes could 
therefore have an impact on the Issuers' financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. 
With particular reference to Mediobanca, Mediobanca is required to pay Italian corporate 
income taxes ("IRES") pursuant to Title II of Italian Presidential Decree no. 917 of 22 
December 1986 (i.e. the Consolidated Income Tax Law, or "TUIR") and the Italian regional 
business tax ("IRAP") pursuant to Legislative Decree no. 446 of 15 December 1997, and the 
amount of taxes due and payable by Mediobanca may be affected by tax benefits from time to 
time available.

--- Page 22 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 22 - 
47-41009328 
 
Mediobanca currently benefits from the stimulus provisions introduced by way of article 1 of 
Italian Law Decree no. 201 of 6 December 2011, as amended and converted into Law no. 214 
of 22 December 2011, concerning "economic-growth allowances" (aiuto alla crescita 
economica, or "ACE"). The ACE rules allow for a deduction from net income for the purposes 
of IRES of an amount computed by applying a notional yield at a rate of 1.3% from 2019 
onwards to the increase in net equity (the "ACE Base"). The ACE base is, for the first year of 
application of ACE (i.e. 2011), the amount of equity existing at close of that year less the 
amount of equity as of 31 December 2010 (excluding profits earned in 2010) and, for 
subsequent years, the base carried forward from the previous year as adjusted (increased and 
reduced) to reflect components affecting equity. 
In accordance with article 3 of the Italian Ministerial Decree of 3 August 2017 revising the 
implementing provisions of the ACE legislation, if the amount of the notional yield (i.e. the 
ACE deduction) exceeds net income declared for a given tax year (the "Excess ACE"), such 
excess (i) may increase the amount deductible from income in subsequent tax years without 
time or amount limits, or (ii) may be converted into a tax credit calculated by applying the 
IRES tax rate, as per article 77 of the TUIR, to the Excess ACE amount and then utilised in 
five annual instalments of equal amount as an offset to IRAP up to the amount of tax due for 
the period.  
From time to time, the Italian budget law may also include provisions that affect the 
deductibility of particular items that could result in an increase in the taxable income of the 
Issuer for IRES and/or IRAP purposes, either in general or for specific tax period(s). 
The Issuer may be affected by new accounting and regulatory standards 
The potentially negative effects on the estimates contained in the financial plans for future 
years may impact on whether the Issuers can make the payments due on the Notes issued under 
the Programme. Following the entry into force and subsequent application of new accounting 
standards and/or regulatory rules and/or the amendment of existing standards and rules, the 
Issuer may have to revise the accounting and regulatory treatment of some operations and the 
related income and expense, with potentially negative effects on the estimates contained in the 
financial plans for future years and with the need to restate already published financial 
statements. 
There is a risk that the Share Linked Notes are treated as equity of the Issuer for 
Luxembourg tax purposes 
Luxembourg tax law generally follows Luxembourg civil (or commercial) law and 
Luxembourg GAAP when determining the nature of an instrument. Instruments such as the 
Share Linked Notes that are considered as debt for Luxembourg legal and Luxembourg GAAP 
purposes are thus, as a general rule, also considered as debt for Luxembourg tax purposes. 
Accordingly, payments of interest made on such instruments should (i) be deductible for 
Luxembourg corporate income tax and (ii) not be subject to Luxembourg withholding tax; 
furthermore, the principal amount of such instruments should be deductible for Luxembourg 
net wealth tax purposes.  
Nevertheless, in certain circumstances and on the basis of legal and factual elements, it might 
be the case that the economic substance differs from the legal documentation, in which case, 
the tax analysis of the equity or debt qualification of a financial instrument must follow the 
"economic substance over legal form" approach. In accordance with this economic approach,

--- Page 23 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 23 - 
47-41009328 
 
or "wirtschaftliche Betrachtungsweise", any analysis of the equity or debt qualification of an 
instrument must cover different features, no single element being decisive.  
Given that the performance of the Share Linked Notes is linked to the performance of a share 
(or basket of shares), there is a risk that the Share Linked Notes are qualified as equity of 
Mediobanca International for Luxembourg tax purposes and accordingly there is a risk that 
payments of interest under the Share Linked Notes is not deductible for Luxembourg corporate 
income tax purposes and subject to Luxembourg dividend withholding tax. There is a further 
risk that the principal amount of such Share Linked Notes is no longer deductible for 
Luxembourg net wealth tax purposes. 
Investors should note that, in the event of a change in the official interpretation of a 
Luxembourg law or regulation resulting in the payment of interest under the Share Linked 
Notes being no longer deductible for corporate income tax purposes or payments under the 
Share Linked Notes becoming subject to withholding tax, the performance of Mediobanca 
International as Issuer could be impacted due to the potential increase of its taxable basis and 
the increase of its tax liability. 
The transposition of the Anti-Tax Avoidance Directives in Luxembourg law could have an 
impact on the tax position of Mediobanca International (including its performance) 
As part of its anti-tax avoidance package, and to provide a framework for a harmonised 
implementation of a number of the BEPS conclusions across the EU, the EU Council adopted 
Council Directive (EU) 2016/1164 ("ATAD 1") on 12 July 2016. The EU Council further 
adopted Council Directive (EU) 2017/952 ("ATAD 2" and, together with the ATAD 1, 
"ATAD") on 29 May 2017, amending the EU Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive 1, to provide for 
minimum standards for counteracting hybrid mismatches involving EU member states and 
third countries. 
In this respect, the Luxembourg law dated 21 December 2018 (the "ATAD 1 Law") transposed 
the ATAD 1 into Luxembourg legislation. The ATAD 1 Law may have an impact on the tax 
position of Mediobanca International (including on its performance). Amongst the measures 
contained in the ATAD 1 Law is an interest deductibility limitation rule. 
The interest deduction limitation rule set out by ATAD 1 has been implemented in article 
168bis of the Luxembourg income tax law ("LITL") effective as of 1 January 2019, which 
restrict, for a Luxembourg taxpayer (such as Mediobanca International), the deduction of net 
interest expenses qualifying as “excess borrowing costs” to the higher of (i) 30 per cent. of 
the taxpayer’s EBITDA (defined as the taxpayer’s total net income increased by the amount 
of its excess borrowing costs, depreciation and amortisation), and (ii) €3 million. 
Excess borrowing costs are defined as the amount by which the deductible borrowing costs of 
a taxpayer exceeds the taxpayer’s taxable interest revenues and other economically equivalent 
taxable income of the taxpayer. Excess borrowing costs not deductible in a tax period can be 
carried forward indefinitely. The same applies to a taxpayer’s excess interest capacity which 
cannot be used in a given tax period (however, such excess interest capacity can only be carried 
forward for a maximum period of 5 years). 
If ATAD 1 should result in the refusal of the tax deductibility of a portion of the interest accrued 
or paid under the Notes, the tax position as well as the performance of Mediobanca 
International as Issuer could be impacted due to the potential increase of its taxable basis.

--- Page 24 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 24 - 
47-41009328 
 
EU Anti-Tax Avoidance Directives also contain rules relating to so-called hybrid mismatches. 
Luxembourg implemented the anti-hybrid mismatch rules under ATAD 2 in article 168ter of 
the Luxembourg income tax law with effect as of 1 January 2020. 
As per article 168ter of the Luxembourg income tax law, a hybrid mismatch arises when a 
payment between entities located in different states results in a double deduction or a deduction 
without inclusion. In the event of a double deduction, the deriving hybrid mismatch should be 
adjusted by denying the deduction at the level of either (i) the payee or (ii) the payor (provided 
that the deduction has not already been denied at the level of the payee). In the event of a 
deduction without inclusion, the deriving hybrid mismatch shall be adjusted by means of either 
(i) the denial of the deduction at the level of the payor or (ii) the inclusion of the payment in 
the taxable income of the payee (provided that the deduction has not already been denied at the 
level of the payor). 
A hybrid mismatch occurs only if it arises either (i) between "associated enterprises" or in the 
case of "acting together" or (ii) in the case of a structured arrangement.  
The impact of ATAD 2 depends on the tax treatment at the level of the relevant holder of Notes 
and may alter the tax position and hence the performance of Mediobanca International. 
2. 
Risks relating to the Notes 
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Notes issued under the Programme. 
(A) 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light 
of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
proceed with investment only after fully appreciating the risks inherent in the nature of 
the Notes; 
(ii) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the 
Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(iii) 
evaluate, in the context of its particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes 
and the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behavior of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; 
(v) 
consider all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, including Notes with payments 
thereunder payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for payments 
thereunder is different from the potential investor's currency; and 
(vi) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment 
in the Notes;

--- Page 25 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 25 - 
47-41009328 
 
(vii) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible 
scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment 
and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
In addition, an investment in Share Linked Notes, Index Linked Notes, Fund Linked Notes, 
Credit Linked Notes, Inflation Linked Notes, Physical Delivery Notes, Commodity Linked 
Notes, FX Linked Notes, Interest Rate Linked Notes and Debt Linked Notes may entail 
significant risks not associated with investments in conventional securities such as debt or 
equity securities, including, but not limited to, the risks set out in "Risks related to the structure 
of a particular issue of Notes" set out below. 
The Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do 
not purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase 
complex financial instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, 
measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. 
A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless 
it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will 
perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the 
impact this investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
(B) 
Risks related to the structure of a particular Issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may 
have features which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a 
description of the most common risks. 
(i) 
General risks 
The Notes involve a high degree of risk, which may include, among others, interest rate, foreign 
exchange, time value and political risks. Purchasers should be prepared to sustain a partial or 
total loss of the purchase price of their Notes. This risk reflects the nature of a Note as an asset 
which, other factors held constant, tends to decline in value over time and which may become 
worthless on maturity. See "Certain Factors Affecting the Value and Trading Price of Notes" 
below. Prospective purchasers of Notes should be experienced with respect to options and 
option transactions, should understand the risks of transactions involving the relevant Notes 
and should reach an investment decision only after careful consideration, with their advisers, 
of the suitability of such Notes in light of their particular financial circumstances, the 
information set forth herein and the information regarding the relevant Notes and the particular 
share (or basket of shares), index (or basket of indices), fund (or basket of funds), reference 
entity (or reference entities), inflation rate, commodity (or basket of commodities), debt 
instrument (or basket of debt instruments), interest rate (or basket of interest rates), currency 
exchange rate or foreign exchange rate to which the value of the relevant Notes may relate, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Notes referencing a Reference Item 
The Issuer may issue Notes with the amount of principal repayable on maturity being 
determined by reference to a particular share (or basket of shares), index (or basket of indices), 
fund (or basket of funds), reference entity (or reference entities), inflation rate, commodity (or

--- Page 26 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 26 - 
47-41009328 
 
basket of commodities), foreign exchange rate or debt instrument (or basket of debt 
instruments) (each, a "Reference Item"). Potential investors should be aware that: 
(a) 
the market price of such Notes may be volatile; 
(b) 
they may receive no interest; 
(c) 
where the Notes are not capital guaranteed Notes, they may lose all or a substantial 
portion of their principal; 
(d) 
the Reference Items may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate 
with changes in interest rates, currencies or other securities or indices; 
(e) 
the timing of changes in a Reference Item may affect the actual yield to investors, even 
if the average level is consistent with their expectations; 
(f) 
if the Notes are redeemable either by payment of the final redemption amount or by 
delivery of underlying assets relating to the Reference Item in lieu thereof, the value of 
the underlying assets received may be less than the principal amount of the Notes; and 
(g) 
the Notes are of limited maturity and, unlike direct investments in a share, index, fund, 
security, inflation index, commodity, debt instruments, interest rates or other asset, 
investors are not able to hold Notes beyond the Maturity Date in the expectation of a 
recovery in the price of the Reference Item. 
Notes linked to Reference Item(s) will represent an investment linked to the economic 
performance of the relevant Reference Item(s) and potential investors should note that the 
return (if any) on their investment in such Notes will depend upon the performance of such 
Reference Item(s). Potential investors should also note that whilst the market value of such 
Notes is linked to such Reference Item(s) and will be influenced (positively or negatively) by 
such Reference Item(s), any change in the market value of such Notes may not be comparable 
to changes in the market value of the Reference Item(s). It is impossible to predict how the 
market value of the relevant Reference Item(s) will vary over time. 
Fluctuations in the price of the relevant share or value of the basket of shares will affect the 
value of Share Linked Notes. Fluctuations in the value of the relevant index will affect the 
value of Index Linked Notes. Fluctuations in the value of the relevant fund or the value of the 
basket of funds will affect the value of Fund Linked Notes. Fluctuations in the market price for 
the purchase of credit protection in relation to the relevant reference entity or basket of 
reference entities will affect the value of Credit Linked Notes. Fluctuations in the value of the 
relevant inflation rate will affect the value of Inflation Linked Notes. Fluctuations in the value 
of the relevant commodity or basket of commodities will affect the value of Commodity Linked 
Notes. Fluctuations in the rates of exchange between the relevant currencies will affect the 
value of FX Linked Notes. Fluctuations in the value of the relevant debt instrument or basket 
of debt instruments will affect the value of Debt Linked Notes. Fluctuations in the value of the 
relevant interest rate or basket of interest rates will affect the value of Interest Rate Linked 
Notes. Purchasers of Notes risk losing their entire investment if the value of the relevant 
Reference Item does not move in the anticipated direction. 
The risk of the loss of some or all of the purchase price of a Note upon maturity means that, in 
order to recover and realise a return upon his or her investment, a purchaser of a Note must

--- Page 27 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 27 - 
47-41009328 
 
generally be correct about the direction, timing and magnitude of an anticipated change in the 
value of the relevant Reference Item. Assuming all other factors are held constant, the lower 
the value of a Note and the shorter its remaining term to maturity, the greater the risk that 
purchasers of such Note will lose all or part of their investment. 
The historical performances of a Reference Item should not be viewed as an indication of the 
future performance of such Reference Item during the term of any Notes. Accordingly, each 
potential investor should consult its own financial and legal advisers about the risks entailed 
by an investment in any Notes and the suitability of such Notes in light of its particular 
circumstances. 
The Issuer may issue several issues of Notes relating to various Reference Items as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. However, no assurance can be given that the Issuer 
will issue any Notes other than the Notes to which particular Final Terms relate. At any given 
time, the number of Notes outstanding may be substantial. 
(iii) 
Exposure to performance of basket and its components 
Where the Notes are linked to or reference a basket of assets, the investors in such Notes are 
exposed to the performance of such basket. Investors will bear the risk of the performance of 
each of the basket components. 
The Notes may provide for the application to the relevant Reference Items of a component 
weight, in order to increase or decrease the percentage of each Reference Item used to 
determine the amounts payable or deliverable to investors. The component weight may be 
lower than 100 per cent.. 
In such case, the amounts payable or deliverable to investors will be reduced and, therefore, 
will contribute to the yield of the Notes only to such reduced extent. The performance of the 
relevant Reference Item(s) will, therefore, impact the yield of the Notes only to a limited extent. 
(iv) 
Share Linked Notes 
General 
The Issuer may issue Share Linked Notes which are securities whose performance is linked to 
the performance of a share (or basket of shares). An investment in Share Linked Notes entails 
significant risks in addition to those associated with investments in a conventional debt 
security. 
In the case of Share Linked Notes, no issuer of such shares will have participated in the 
preparation of the relevant Final Terms or in establishing the terms of the Share Linked Notes 
and neither the Issuer nor any Dealer will make any investigation or enquiry in connection with 
such offering with respect to any information concerning any such issuer of shares contained 
in such Final Terms or in the documents from which such information was extracted. 
Consequently, there can be no assurance that all events occurring prior to the relevant issue 
date (including events that would affect the accuracy or completeness of the publicly available 
information described in this paragraph or in any relevant Final Terms) that would affect the 
trading price of the share will have been publicly disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of any such 
events or the disclosure of or failure to disclose material future events concerning such an issuer

--- Page 28 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 28 - 
47-41009328 
 
of shares could affect the trading price of the share and therefore the trading price of the Share 
Linked Notes. 
The performance of Shares is dependent upon macroeconomic factors, such as interest and 
price levels on the capital markets, currency developments, political factors and company-
specific factors such as earnings position, market position, risk situation, shareholder structure 
and distribution policy. These factors are not within the relevant Issuer's control and may result 
in a decline in the value of the Notes. 
Lack of rights in respect of the Shares 
Except as provided in the Specific Terms and Conditions in relation to Share Linked Notes, 
holders will not have voting rights or rights to receive dividends or distributions or any other 
rights with respect to the relevant shares to which such Share Linked Notes relate. 
Share Linked Notes do not represent a claim against or an investment in any issuer of the 
relevant share(s) and investors will not have any right of recourse under the Share Linked Notes 
to any such company or the shares. Share Linked Notes are not in any way sponsored, endorsed 
or promoted by any issuer of the relevant share(s) and such companies have no obligation to 
take into account the consequences of their actions for any holders. Accordingly, the issuer of 
a share may take any actions in respect of such share without regard to the interests of the 
investors in the Share Linked Notes, and any of these actions could adversely affect the market 
value of the Share Linked Notes. 
Exposure to modification and disruption events 
Upon determining that a Potential Adjustment Event, Merger Event, Tender Offer, De-listing, 
Nationalization, Insolvency, Additional Disruption Event, Market Disruption Event or certain 
other events have occurred in relation to an underlying Share or Share Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent has broad discretion to make certain determinations to account for such event including 
to (i) make adjustments to the terms of the Share Linked Notes and/or (ii) (in the case of a 
Merger Event, Tender Offer, De-listing, Nationalization or Insolvency) cause early 
redemption/settlement of the Share Linked Notes, any of which determinations may have an 
adverse effect on the value of the Share Linked Notes. 
Potential Adjustment Events include (a) a sub-division, consolidation or re-classification of the 
Shares, (b) a distribution in kind, (c) an extraordinary dividend, (d) a call of the Shares that are 
not fully paid, (e) a repurchase by the issuer, or an affiliate thereof, of the Shares, (f) a 
separation of rights from the Shares or (g) any event having a dilutive or concentrative effect 
on the value of the Shares. 
Physical delivery of Shares 
Where the Share Linked Notes include the right of the relevant Issuer, subject to the fulfillment 
of a particular condition, to redeem the Share Linked Notes at their maturity by delivering 
Shares to the investor, the investors will receive such Shares rather than a monetary amount 
upon maturity. Holders will, therefore, be exposed to the issuer of such Shares and the risks 
associated with such Shares. The investor should not assume that he or she will be able to sell 
such Shares for a specific price after the redemption/settlement of the Share Linked Notes, and 
in particular not for the purchase price of the Share Linked Notes. Under certain circumstances 
the Shares may only have a very low value or may, in fact, be worthless. Holders may also be

--- Page 29 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 29 - 
47-41009328 
 
subject to certain documentary or stamp taxes in relation to the delivery and/or disposal of such 
Shares. 
(v) 
Index Linked Notes 
General 
The Issuer may issue Index Linked Notes which are securities whose performance is linked to 
the performance of an index. An investment in Index Linked Notes entails significant risks in 
addition to those associated with investments in a conventional debt security. 
Factors affecting the performance of Indices may adversely affect the value of the Index Linked 
Notes. Indices are comprised of a synthetic portfolio of shares, bonds, currency exchange rates, 
commodities, property or other assets, and as such, the performance of an Index is dependent 
upon the performance of components of such index, which may include interest rates, currency 
developments, political factors, market factors such as the general trends in capital markets or 
broad based indices and (in the case of shares) company-specific factors such as earnings 
position, market position, risk situation, shareholder structure and distribution policy. If an 
Index does not perform as expected, this will materially and adversely affect the value of Index 
Linked Notes. 
Returns on the Index Linked Notes do not reflect a direct investment in underlying shares or 
other assets comprising the Index 
The return payable on Index Linked Notes that reference indices may not reflect the return a 
potential investor would realise if it actually owned the relevant assets comprising the 
components of the Index or owned a different form of interest in the relevant Index. For 
example, if the components of the Indices are shares, holders of Index Linked Notes will not 
receive any dividends paid or distributions made on those shares and will not participate in the 
return on those dividends or distributions unless the relevant Index takes such dividends into 
account for purposes of calculating the relevant level. Similarly, holders of Index Linked Notes 
will not have any voting rights in the underlying shares or any other assets which may comprise 
the components of the relevant Index. Accordingly, holders of Index Linked Notes that 
reference Indices as Reference Items may receive a lower payment upon redemption/settlement 
of such Index Linked Notes than such holder of Index Linked Notes would have received if it 
had invested in the components of the Index directly or other comparable instruments linked 
to the Index. 
A change in the composition or discontinuance of an Index could adversely affect the market 
value of the Index Linked Notes 
The sponsor of any Index can add, delete or substitute the components of such Index or make 
other methodological changes that could change the level of one or more components. The 
changing of components of any Index may affect the level of such Index as a newly added 
component may perform significantly worse or better than the component it replaces, which in 
turn may affect the payments made by the relevant Issuer to the holders of the Index Linked 
Notes. The sponsor of any such Index may also alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or 
dissemination of such Index. The sponsor of an Index will have no involvement in the offer 
and sale of the Index Linked Notes and will have no obligation to any holder of such Index 
Linked Notes. Accordingly, the sponsor of an Index may take any actions in respect of such

--- Page 30 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 30 - 
47-41009328 
 
Index without regard to the interests of the holder of the Index Linked Notes, and any of these 
actions could adversely affect the market value of the Index Linked Notes. 
Exposure to modification and disruption events 
Upon determining that an Additional Disruption Event, Index Modification, Index 
Cancellation, Index Disruption, Market Disruption Event or certain other events have occurred 
in relation to Index Linked Notes, the Calculation Agent has broad discretion to make certain 
determinations to account for such event including to (i) make adjustments to the terms of the 
Share Linked Notes and/or (ii) (in the case of an Additional Disruption Event, Index 
Modification, Index Cancellation, Index Disruption) cause early redemption/settlement of the 
Index Linked Notes, any of which determinations may have an adverse effect on the value of 
the Index Linked Notes. 
The Calculation Agent may (subject to the terms and conditions of the relevant Index Linked 
Notes) also amend the relevant Index level due to corrections in the level reported by the Index 
sponsor. The consequences of such amendments could adversely affect the market value of the 
Index Linked Notes. 
Additional risks in relation to the Proprietary Index 
Where the index is a Proprietary Index, investors should also consider the following risks. 
(a) 
Valuation of the Index 
Investors in the Medbar-linked Notes should be aware that such investment involves assessing 
the risk of an investment linked to the Index and the techniques used to link the Note to the 
Index. Investors should be experienced with respect to transactions involving the purchase of 
Notes the value of which derives from an Index possibly in combination with a related 
derivative. The value of the Index and the related derivative and the value of the techniques 
used to link them may vary over time and may increase or decrease by reference to a variety of 
factors which may include, amongst others, corporate actions, macro economic factors and 
speculation. Where the Index is a basket of securities or one or more indices, the changes in 
the value of any one security or index may be offset or intensified by fluctuations in the value 
of other securities or indices which comprise such constituents of the Index or by changes in 
the value of the related derivative itself. 
(b) 
Exchange Rates 
Each investor should be aware that (i) the Index may directly or indirectly provide exposure to 
a number of different currencies of emerging market or developed countries; (ii) the Index 
and/or the related derivative may be denominated in a currency other than the reference 
currency; (iii) the Notes may be denominated in a currency other than the currency of the 
investor's home jurisdiction; and/or (iv) the Notes may be denominated in a currency other than 
the currency in which an investor wishes to receive his monies. Exchange rates between 
currencies are determined by factors of supply and demand in the international currency 
markets, which are influenced by macro economic factors (such as the economic development 
in the different currency areas, interest rates and international capital movements), speculation 
and central bank and government intervention (including the imposition of currency controls 
and restrictions). Fluctuations in exchange rates may affect the value of the Notes.

--- Page 31 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 31 - 
47-41009328 
 
(c) 
Interest Rate 
The Issuer may issue Notes whose performance is linked to the fluctuations of the 
denomination currency of the Index and/or the related derivative (if applicable) and/or the 
Notes. Interest rates are determined by factors of supply and demand in the international money 
markets which are influenced by macro economic factors, speculation and central bank and 
government intervention. Fluctuations in short term and/or long term interest rates may affect 
the value of the Notes. Fluctuations in interest rates of the currency in which the Products are 
denominated and/or fluctuations in interest rates of the currency or currencies in which the 
Index and/or the related derivative are denominated may affect the value of the Notes. 
(d) 
Commodities 
Prices of commodities are influenced by, among other things, various macro economic factors 
such as changing supply and demand relationships, weather conditions and other natural 
phenomena, agricultural, trade, fiscal, monetary, and exchange control programs and policies 
of governments (including government intervention in certain markets) and other 
unforeseeable events. Any change in the price of such commodities may affect the value of the 
Notes. 
(e) 
Equities 
Given the possibility for the Index to have, as components, sub-indices implementing long-
short strategies on equities, the sub-fund is not directly linked to the general movement of the 
stock markets. As a result, the sub-fund might register a negative performance because of an 
adverse evolution of such equity sub-indices, even though the stock markets registered a 
positive or even a strong positive performance. 
(f) 
Market Volatility 
Market volatility reflects the degree of instability and expected instability of the performance 
of the Products, the Index and/or the related derivative, and/or the techniques to link the related 
derivative to the Index, where applicable, or the techniques used to link the net proceeds of any 
issue of Notes to the Index(s), where applicable. The level of market volatility is not purely a 
measurement of the actual volatility, but is largely determined by the prices for instruments 
which offer investors protection against such market volatility. The prices of these instruments 
are determined by forces of supply and demand in the options and derivatives markets 
generally. These forces are, themselves, affected by factors such as actual market volatility, 
expected volatility, macro economic factors and speculation. This may in turn affect the Notes. 
(g) 
Liquidity Risk 
Certain types of assets or securities may be difficult to buy or sell, particularly during adverse 
market conditions. This may affect the ability to obtain prices for the sub-indices of the Index 
and may therefore affect the value of the Index. This may in turn affect the Notes. 
There are additional risks in relation to Commodity Indices 
See "Additional risks in relation to the "rolling" of commodity futures contracts (including 
commodity futures contracts which are Components of a Commodity Index)" below. 
(vi) 
Fund Linked Notes

--- Page 32 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 32 - 
47-41009328 
 
General 
The Issuer may issue Fund Linked Notes which are securities whose performance is linked to 
the performance of an underlying fund (or basket of funds). An investment in Fund Linked 
Notes entails significant risks in addition to those associated with investments in a conventional 
debt security. 
Investors in Fund Linked Notes should understand that: 
(i) 
there are market risks associated with an actual investment in the underlying fund(s), 
and while the Notes do not create an actual interest in the underlying fund(s), the return 
on the Notes generally involves the same associated risks as an actual investment in the 
underlying fund(s). The Issuer has not purported and does not purport to be a source of 
information concerning the market risks associated with such underlying fund or fund 
interests; 
(ii) 
third parties, not related to the Issuer or the Guarantor, may subscribe for and redeem 
underlying fund interests. These investments may affect the performance and volatility 
of such fund's net asset value and so subsequently affect, from time to time, the return 
on the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Issuer has no control over the underlying fund(s) or the performance of such fund(s) 
and any performance of the underlying fund(s) necessary for the Notes to yield a 
specified return is not assured. Potential investors in the Notes should understand that 
the performance of the underlying fund(s) may, depending on the terms of the Notes, 
strongly affect the value of payments on the Notes; 
(iv) 
the value of units in the underlying fund(s) and the income from it may fluctuate 
significantly. The Issuer makes no representation or warranty about, or guarantee of, 
the performance of an underlying fund; 
(v) 
the Issuer has not provided and will not provide during the term of the Notes prospective 
purchasers of the Notes with any information or advice with respect to the performance 
of an underlying fund. The Issuer may have acquired, or during the term of the Notes 
may acquire, non-public information with respect to an underlying fund, which will not 
be provided to the Noteholders; 
(vi) 
the funds may follow a wide range of investment strategies, invest in assets in a number 
of different countries and invest in assets denominated in a number of different 
currencies. The returns to the Noteholders may, therefore, be materially affected by, 
among other things, market trends, exchange rate fluctuations and political and 
economic developments in the relevant countries. This may lead to substantial volatility 
in the net asset value of the funds; 
(vii) 
the funds may have investment strategies and guidelines that are very broad. They may 
also be free to engage in additional or alternative strategies without reference to any 
other person including the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Investor; 
(viii) the funds may often rely on a few individuals to determine their investment strategies 
and to make investment decision. The loss of such individuals could jeopardise the 
performance of the funds;

--- Page 33 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 33 - 
47-41009328 
 
(ix) 
the funds may be engaged in a high level of trading with commensurately high 
brokerage and transaction costs, as well as costs associated with leverage, such as 
interest payments and margin maintenance. Such costs will adversely affect the net 
asset value of the funds and so may adversely affect the return on the Notes; 
(x) 
the funds will be exposed to credit risks against brokers and other counterparties with 
which they deal in implementing their investment strategies; 
(xi) 
where underlying funds invest in unlisted shares and certain other assets, risks 
associated with reduced liquidity and lack of objective valuations will arise. 
Additionally, the underlying funds may invest in emerging markets. This involves risks 
attributable to nationalisations, expropriation or taxation, currency devaluation, foreign 
exchange control, political, social or diplomatic instability or governmental restrictions. 
The capital markets in such countries have substantially less volume, and are generally 
less liquid and more volatile, than those in more developed markets. Disclosure and 
regulatory requirements could be less stringent than in other markets, with a low level 
of monitoring and limited and uneven enforcements of existing regulations; 
(xii) 
an underlying fund may have no or a limited history, with no proven track record in 
achieving their stated investment objectives; 
(xiii) some or all of the underlying funds may be wholly unregulated investment vehicles and 
may trade in futures, options, forward exchange contracts and other derivative 
instruments, which may represent significant investment risks. In addition, underlying 
funds may acquire leveraged trading positions, including through the use of borrowing, 
and may engage in short selling. As a result of leverage, relatively small adverse price 
movements may result in substantial losses; and 
(xiv) an underlying fund itself may be subject to fees and charges on its investments which 
shall be borne by such fund and incorporated in the value of interests in it. 
Exposure to modification and disruption events 
Upon determining that Corporate Event, Substitution Event or certain other events have 
occurred in relation to Fund Linked Notes, the Calculation Agent has broad discretion to make 
certain determinations to account for such event including to (i) make adjustments to the terms 
of the Fund Linked Notes (including replacing the affected fund by other funds) and/or (ii) 
cause early redemption/settlement of the Fund Linked Notes, any of which determinations may 
have an adverse effect on the value of the Fund Linked Notes. 
In addition, any determination dates and payment dates may be changed by the Calculation 
Agent, or the amount paid per Fund Linked Note may be based on the only cash amounts that 
an investor in the fund would actually receive, which might be as low as zero. 
Risk from composition and changes to a fund 
The management company of a fund can, without regard to the interests of the investors in the 
Fund Linked Notes, add, delete or substitute any funds by reference to which the value of a 
fund is calculated or make other methodological changes that could change the investment 
profile of a fund. The management company may also determine to discontinue a fund. If a

--- Page 34 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 34 - 
47-41009328 
 
fund is discontinued, it may be replaced by other assets and/or the Fund Linked Notes may be 
redeemed or exercised early. 
In the event that a fund is materially modified or permanently cancelled or the management 
company fails to calculate or announce the net asset value of a fund, the Calculation Agent will 
either make such adjustments to any variable, calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, 
payment terms or any other terms and conditions of the Fund Linked Notes as the Calculation 
Agent determines appropriate to account for the effect on the Fund Linked Notes of such 
events, or may cause the early redemption of the Fund Linked Notes. Any of these decisions 
or determinations may adversely impact the value of the Fund Linked Notes. 
Funds may be subject to transfer restrictions and illiquidity 
Funds and the assets thereof may be subject to transfer restrictions arising by way of applicable 
securities laws or otherwise. Such restrictions may mean that purchasers of the Fund Linked 
Notes are not entitled to acquire interests in the funds directly. Holders of units or shares 
(however described) in a fund may have the right to transfer or withdraw their investment in 
the funds only at certain times and upon completion of certain documentary formalities and 
such rights may be subject to suspension or alteration. These circumstances may affect the net 
asset value of the funds in question. Potential investors should familiarise themselves with the 
features of the funds in this regard. 
Events which affect the value of a fund will affect the value of Fund Linked Notes 
The occurrence of any of the following events could materially and adversely affect the value 
of shares or units in a Fund, and have a consequent material and adverse effect on the value of 
Fund Linked Notes: 
 
Valuation: The valuation of funds is generally controlled by the management company 
of the fund. Valuations are performed in accordance the terms and conditions governing 
the fund. Such valuations may be based upon the unaudited financial records of the 
fund and any accounts pertaining thereto. Such valuations may be preliminary 
calculations of the net asset values of the fund and accounts. The fund may hold a 
significant number of investments which are illiquid or otherwise not actively traded 
and in respect of which reliable net asset values may be difficult to obtain. In 
consequence, the management company may vary certain quotations for such 
investments held by the fund in order to reflect its judgment as to the fair value thereof. 
Therefore, valuations may be subject to subsequent adjustment upward or downward. 
Uncertainties as to the valuation of fund assets and/or accounts may have an adverse 
effect on the net asset value of the fund where such judgments regarding valuations 
prove to be incorrect. 
 
Trading charges: The performance of a fund will be affected by the charges incurred 
thereby relating to the investments of such fund. The fund may engage in short-term 
trading which may result in increased turnover and associated higher than normal 
brokerage commissions and other expenses. 
 
Legal and regulatory changes: Future changes to applicable law or regulation may be 
adverse to a fund.

--- Page 35 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 35 - 
47-41009328 
 
 
Investment risk: All investments risk the loss of capital and/or the diminution of 
investment returns. A fund may utilise (inter alia) strategies such as short-selling, 
leverage, securities lending and borrowing, investment in sub-investment grade or non-
readily realizable investments, uncovered options transactions, options and futures 
transactions and foreign exchange transactions and the use of concentrated portfolios, 
each of which could, in certain circumstances, magnify adverse market developments 
and losses. 
 
Illiquidity: A fund may make investments in markets that are volatile and/or illiquid 
and it may be difficult or costly for positions therein to be opened or liquidated. 
 
Performance risk: No assurance can be given relating to the present or future 
performance of a fund. The performance of a fund is dependent on the performance of 
the management company thereof. Certain management companies may utilise 
analytical models upon which investment decisions are based. No assurance can be 
given that these persons will succeed in meeting the investment objectives of the fund, 
that any analytical model used thereby will prove to be correct or that any assessments 
of the short-term or long-term prospects, volatility and correlation of the types of 
investments in which the funds have invested or will invest will prove accurate. 
 
Effect of exchange rates and exchange controls: The net asset value of a fund could be 
adversely affected not only by hedging costs and changes in exchange rates, but also 
by local exchange control regulations and other limitations, including currency 
exchange limitations and political and economic developments in the relevant countries. 
 
Market risks: The markets in which a fund invests may prove to be highly volatile from 
time to time as a result of, for example, sudden changes in government policies on 
taxation and currency repatriation or changes in legislation relating to the value of 
foreign ownership in companies, and this may affect the net asset value at which a fund 
may liquidate positions to meet repurchase requests or other funding requirements. 
 
Hedging risks: A fund may in certain cases employ various hedging techniques to 
reduce the risk of investment positions. A substantial risk remains, nonetheless, that 
such techniques will not always be available and when available, will not always be 
effective in limiting losses. A fund may take substantial unhedged positions. 
 
Interest rate risks: The values of securities held by a fund (or by any underlying fund) 
tend to be sensitive to interest rate fluctuations and unexpected fluctuations in interest 
rates could cause the corresponding net asset values of a fund's positions to move in 
directions which were not initially anticipated. To the extent that interest rate 
assumptions underlie the hedge ratios implemented in hedging a particular position, 
fluctuations in interest rates could invalidate those underlying assumptions and expose 
a fund to losses. 
 
Absence of regulation: A fund may not be regulated under the laws of any country or 
jurisdiction. As a result, certain protections of such laws (which, among other things, 
may require investment companies to have disinterested directors, require securities to 
be held in custody and segregated, regulate the relationship between the investment 
company and its adviser and mandate investor approval before fundamental investment 
policies may be changed) do not apply to a fund. This absence of regulation may 
adversely affect the performance of a fund.

--- Page 36 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 36 - 
47-41009328 
 
 
Suspension of trading: A securities exchange typically has the right to suspend or limit 
trading in any instrument traded on that exchange. A suspension could render it 
impossible for a fund to liquidate positions and thereby expose a fund to losses. 
 
Dependence on key individuals: The success of a fund is dependent on the expertise of 
its managers. The loss of one or more individuals could have a material adverse effect 
on the ability of a fund manager to direct a fund's portfolio, resulting in losses for a 
fund and a decline in the value of a fund. Indeed, certain fund managers may have only 
one principal, without whom the relevant fund manager could not continue to operate. 
 
Experience of fund managers: Certain funds may be managed by investment managers 
who have managed hedge funds for a relatively short period of time. The previous 
experience of such investment managers is typically in trading proprietary accounts of 
financial institutions or managing unhedged accounts of institutional asset managers or 
other investment firms. As such investment managers do not have direct experience in 
managing funds or hedge funds, including experience with financial, legal or regulatory 
considerations unique to fund management, and there is generally less information 
available on which to base an opinion of such managers' investment and management 
expertise, investments with such investment managers may be subject to greater risk 
and uncertainty than investments with more experienced fund managers. 
 
Risk of fraud: There is a risk that a fund manager could divert or abscond with the assets, 
fail to follow agreed-upon investment strategies, provide false reports of operations or 
engage in other misconduct. 
 
Performance compensation payable to fund managers: The performance-based 
compensation paid to a fund manager is typically calculated on a basis that includes 
unrealised appreciation and may consequently be greater than if such compensation 
were based solely on realised gains. Each fund generally calculates its own performance 
compensation based on its individual performance, irrespective of increases in the 
overall value of the fund. Furthermore, when the fund is rebalanced and an unprofitable 
underlying asset is removed, the loss carried forward by such fund's trading is 
eliminated for purposes of calculating subsequent performance compensation due to 
the fund manager of any replacement underlying asset. Thus, there may be substantial 
incentive compensation due to the relevant fund manager even during a period when 
the portfolio of assets is incurring significant losses. 
 
Concentration risk: As many hedge funds have the authority to concentrate their 
investments in securities of a single issuer or industry, the overall adverse impact on 
one or more components of the fund, and correspondingly on the value of the fund, of 
adverse movements in the value of such securities could be considerably greater than if 
the fund were not permitted to concentrate their investments. Moreover, a number of 
hedge funds included as components in a fund might accumulate substantial positions 
in the same or related instruments at the same time. As information regarding the actual 
investments made by such funds is not generally available, the management company 
will be unable to identify any such accumulations, which could expose the relevant fund 
to the risk of sudden and severe declines. 
 
Risks of leverage: A fund may borrow without limitation and typically utilise various 
lines of credit and other forms of leverage. In addition, certain of a fund's investment 
strategies (primarily those utilising derivative instruments) may involve indirect forms

--- Page 37 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 37 - 
47-41009328 
 
of leverage. While leverage presents opportunities for increasing a fund's total return, 
it increases the potential risk of loss as well. Any event which adversely affects the 
value of an investment by a fund is magnified to the extent that such investment is 
leveraged. Leverage can have a similar effect on issuers in which a fund invests. The 
use of leverage by a fund could result in substantial losses which would be greater than 
if leverage had not been used. A fund's assets may be further leveraged or hedged by 
the use of derivatives. In addition, investments of a fund may include investments in 
partnerships and other pooled investment vehicles, which themselves employ leverage 
to a significant extent. Such investments are subject to the same leverage risks as 
described above and a fund could lose its entire investment. As a general matter, the 
banks and dealers that provide financing to a fund can apply essentially discretionary 
margin, haircut, financing and security and collateral valuation policies. Changes by 
banks and dealers in these policies may result in large margin calls, loss of financing 
and forced liquidations of positions at disadvantageous net asset values. 
 
Non-deductible taxes: As funds may be resident in so-called off-shore jurisdictions, 
which have not entered into any double taxation conventions with other countries, any 
income of such fund may be subject to taxation in the countries of origin. As such 
withholding taxes are non-deductible due to the fact that such funds are not subject to 
income taxation in their countries of residence, the fund's net income may be reduced 
which may have a negative impact on the performance of such fund. 
 
Investment criteria: It may be difficult to specify precisely or comprehensively the 
strategies of a fund. As a result, it may not sometimes be clear whether or not a fund 
fulfils the investment criteria set out in its offering document. 
 
Risks of equity investments: The investment orientation of a fund may be based to a 
significant extent on equity investments. Investment in equity securities to aggressively 
seek capital appreciation is speculative and is generally perceived to encompass greater 
risks than those involved in connection with an investment in debt securities of 
comparable issuers. 
 
Risks of fixed income investments: A fund may invest in fixed income securities and, 
therefore, may be exposed to the risk of default by the issuers of such securities. Such 
default may result in delays in payment, or non-payment of interest or principal when 
due. Furthermore, the net asset value of fixed income securities may also fluctuate with 
changes in prevailing interest rates and/or in the creditworthiness of the issuer, and 
these fluctuations may result in a loss of capital by a fund. 
 
Risks of collective investment schemes: Some funds may invest in other collective 
investment schemes. Investment in schemes of this type may afford the investor less 
transparency in respect of the ultimate assets of the scheme. 
 
Large transactions: Large subscriptions and redemptions may result in the liquidation 
or dilution of fund assets that may affect the net asset value of such fund. 
 
Emerging markets: A fund may invest in securities of governments of, or companies 
domiciled in, less-developed or emerging markets. See "Risks relating to Notes which 
are linked to emerging market Reference Item(s)" below. Custody arrangements in such 
countries may also present enhanced risk.

--- Page 38 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 38 - 
47-41009328 
 
 
Risks of repos: A fund may use repurchase agreements. Under a repurchase agreement, 
a security is sold to a buyer and at the same time the seller of the security agrees to buy 
back the security at a later date at a higher net asset value. In the event of a bankruptcy 
or other default of the transferor of securities in a repurchase agreement, a fund could 
experience delays in liquidating the underlying securities and losses, including possible 
declines in the value of the collateral during the period while it seeks to enforce its 
rights thereto; possible subnormal levels of income and lack of access to income during 
this period and the expenses of enforcing its rights. In the case of a default by the 
transferee of securities in a repurchase agreement, the management company bears the 
risk that the transferee may not deliver the securities when required. 
 
Risks of currency speculation: A fund may engage in exchange rate speculation. 
Foreign exchange rates have been highly volatile in recent years. The combination of 
volatility and leverage gives rise to the possibility of large profit but also carries a high 
risk of loss. In addition, there is counterparty credit risk since foreign exchange trading 
is done on a principal to principal basis. 
 
Risks of commodity futures: Commodity futures prices can be highly volatile. As a 
result of the low margin deposits normally required in futures trading, an extremely 
high degree of leverage is typical of a futures trading account. As a result, a relatively 
small price movement in a futures contract may result in substantial losses to the 
investor. Like other leveraged investments, futures transactions may result in losses in 
excess of the amount invested. 
 
Risks of derivative instruments: A fund may use derivative instruments, such as 
collateralised debt obligations, stripped mortgage-backed securities, options and swaps. 
There are uncertainties as to how the derivatives market will perform during periods of 
unusual price volatility or instability, market illiquidity or credit distress. Substantial 
risks are also involved in borrowing and lending against such instruments. The prices 
of these instruments are volatile, market movements are difficult to predict and 
financing sources and related interest rates are subject to rapid change. One or more 
markets may move against the positions held by a fund, thereby causing substantial 
losses. Most of these instruments are not traded on exchanges but rather through an 
informal network of banks and dealers. These banks and dealers have no obligation to 
make markets in these instruments and may apply essentially discretionary margin and 
credit requirements (and thus, in effect, force a fund to close out its relevant positions). 
In addition, such instruments carry the additional risk of failure to perform by the 
counterparty to the transaction. Government policies, especially those of the U.S. 
Federal Reserve Board and non-U.S. central banks, have profound effects on interest 
and exchange rates which, in turn, affect prices of derivative instruments. Many other 
unforeseeable events, including actions by various government agencies and domestic 
and international political events, may cause sharp market fluctuations. 
 
Risks of short selling: A fund may sell securities short. Short selling exposes a fund to 
theoretically unlimited risk due to the lack of an upper limit on the price to which a 
security may rise. Short selling involves the sale of borrowed stock. If a stock loan is 
called, the short seller may be forced to repurchase the stock at a loss. In addition, some 
traders may attempt to profit by forcing short sellers to incur a loss. Traders may make 
large purchases of a stock that has been sold short. The large purchases are intended to 
drive up the stock price, and cause the short sellers to incur losses. By doing this, the

--- Page 39 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 39 - 
47-41009328 
 
traders hope the short sellers will limit their losses by repurchasing the stock and force 
the stock price even higher. 
 
Risks of arbitrage: The use of arbitrage strategies by a fund in no respect should be 
taken to imply that such strategies are without risk. Substantial losses may be incurred 
on "hedge" or "arbitrage" positions, and illiquidity and default on one side of a position 
may effectively result in the position being transformed into an outright speculation. 
Every arbitrage strategy involves exposure to some second order risk of the market, 
such as the implied volatility in convertible bonds or warrants, the yield spread between 
similar term government bonds or the net asset value spread between different classes 
of stock for the same underlying firm. Further, there are few examples of "pure" 
arbitrage funds. Most funds also employ limited directional strategies which expose 
them to market risk. 
 
Credit risk: Many of the markets in which a fund effects its transactions are "over-the-
counter" or "inter-dealer" markets. The participants in these markets are typically not 
subject to credit evaluation and regulatory oversight as are members of "exchange 
based" markets. To the extent that a fund invests in swaps, derivatives or synthetic 
instruments, or other over-the-counter transactions in these markets, such fund may 
take a credit risk with regard to parties with which it trades and also may bear the risk 
of settlement default. These risks may differ materially from those involved in 
exchange-traded transactions, which generally are characterised by clearing 
organisation guarantees, daily marking-to-market and settlement, and segregation and 
minimum capital requirements applicable to intermediaries. Transactions entered into 
directly between two counterparties generally do not benefit from these protections, 
which in turn may subject a fund to the risk that a counterparty will not settle a 
transaction in accordance with its terms and conditions because of a dispute over the 
terms of the contract or because of a credit or liquidity problem. Such "counterparty 
risk" is increased for contracts with longer maturities when events may intervene to 
prevent settlement. The ability of a fund to transact business with any one or any 
number of counterparties, the lack of any independent evaluation of the counterparties 
or their financial capabilities, and the absence of a regulated market to facilitate 
settlement, may increase the potential for losses. 
 
Risks relating to controlling stakes: A fund may take controlling stakes in companies. 
The exercise of control over a company imposes additional risks of liability for 
environmental damage, product defects, failure to supervise and other types of related 
liability. 
As the shares of certain funds may only be redeemable on certain dates, there is a risk of delays 
or defaults in payment 
The shares of a fund may only be redeemable on certain redemption dates, subject to the 
prescribed notice period in respect of such fund. This gives rise to a time delay between the 
execution of an order for redemption and payment of the proceeds on such redemption. If the 
fund becomes insolvent following the date on which a redemption order would have to be 
notionally placed or the Calculation Agent determines that the relevant fund would fail to pay 
to any shareholder in cash the full redemption proceeds owing to them if they redeemed their 
shares on the relevant date, an adjustment may be made by the Calculation Agent when 
calculating the return on the Fund Linked Notes to the net asset value per share of the relevant 
fund, thereby reducing the return on the Fund Linked Notes.

--- Page 40 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 40 - 
47-41009328 
 
In the case of Fund Linked Notes linked to Exchange Traded Funds ("ETFs"), if the 
Calculation Agent determines that an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred at any 
relevant time, any such determination may have an effect on the timing of valuation and 
consequently the value of the Notes and/or may delay settlement in respect of the Notes. 
Potential investors should review the relevant Terms and Conditions and the applicable Final 
Terms to ascertain whether and how such provisions apply to the Fund Linked Notes. 
The market price of Fund Linked Notes may be volatile and may depend on the time remaining 
to the redemption date or settlement date (as applicable) and the volatility of the price of fund 
share(s) or unit(s). The price of fund share(s) or unit(s) may be affected by the economic, 
financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions, including factors affecting the 
exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which any units in the fund or funds may be traded. 
(vii) 
Credit Linked Notes 
General 
The Issuer may issue Credit Linked Notes, which are securities whose performance is linked 
to the performance of one or more Reference Entities and the obligations of such Reference 
Entity/ies. An investment in Credit Linked Notes entails significant risks in addition to those 
associated with investments in a conventional debt security. 
Investors should note that Credit Linked Notes differ from ordinary debt securities issued by 
the Issuer in that the amount of principal and interest payable by the Issuer is dependent on 
whether a Credit Event has occurred in respect of the relevant Reference Entity/ies. In certain 
circumstances the Notes will cease to bear interest and the value paid to Noteholders on 
redemption may be less than their original investment and may in certain circumstances be 
zero. Investors should have sufficient knowledge and experience in financial and business 
matters to evaluate the merits and risks of investing in Credit Linked Notes as well as access 
to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate such merits and risks in the 
context of their financial situation. 
Investors in the Notes will be exposed to the credit risk of the Reference Entity. Prospective 
purchasers of the Notes should conduct their own investigations and, in deciding whether or 
not to purchase the Notes, should form their own views of the merits of an investment related 
to the Notes based upon such investigations. In particular, each investor contemplating 
purchasing any Notes should make its own appraisal of the Reference Entity. If in doubt, 
potential investors are strongly recommended to consult with their independent legal and 
financial advisers before making any investment decision. Neither the Issuer nor any other 
person on their behalf makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the credit 
quality of the Reference Entity. The Issuer may have acquired, or during the term of the Notes 
may acquire, confidential information with respect to the Reference Entity and is not required 
to disclose this information to the Noteholder or any other party. 
Holders of Credit Linked Notes will have a contractual relationship only with the Issuer and 
not with any obligor in respect of any Reference Obligation or any Reference Entity. 
Consequently, the Credit Linked Notes will not constitute a purchase or other acquisition or 
assignment of any interest in any Reference Obligation or any Reference Entity. Holders of 
Credit Linked Notes will have rights solely against the Issuer and will have no recourse against 
the obligor in respect of any Reference Obligation or any Reference Entity. The Noteholders

--- Page 41 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 41 - 
47-41009328 
 
will not have any rights to acquire from the Issuer (or to require the Issuer) to transfer, assign 
or otherwise dispose of any interest in any Reference Obligation or any Reference Entity. 
The Credit Linked Notes are linked to the creditworthiness of the relevant Reference Entity/ies. 
The likelihood of a Credit Event occurring in respect of any Reference Entity will generally 
fluctuate with, among other things, the financial condition and other characteristics of such 
Reference Entity, general economic conditions, the condition of certain financial markets, 
political events, developments or trends in any particular industry and changes in prevailing 
interest rates. 
Any quotations used in the calculation of the Cash Settlement Amount may be affected by 
factors other than the occurrence of the Credit Event. Such prices may vary widely from dealer 
to dealer and substantially between Valuation Dates. The obligations selected, even absent a 
Credit Event, may be illiquid and such illiquidity may be expected to be more pronounced 
following the occurrence of a Credit Event, thereby adversely affecting any determination of 
the value of such obligation which in turn will impact on the amount by which the Cash 
Settlement Amount of the Notes may be reduced. The Calculation Agent will exercise its rights 
under the terms of the Notes, including, in particular, the right to designate a Credit Event and 
the right to select obligations of the affected Reference Entity for valuation or delivery, in the 
interests of itself and of its affiliates, and not in the interests of investors in the Notes. The 
Calculation Agent is entitled to select the obligation which has the lowest value in the market 
at the relevant time – providing such obligation satisfies certain specifications and limits for 
qualification as a Reference Obligation – for the purposes of calculating the amount by which 
the Cash Settlement Amount is reduced following a Credit Event. 
The Calculation Agent may require a Noteholder to provide a confidentiality undertaking prior 
to the delivery of a Notice of Publicly Available Information (as defined and better described 
in Credit Linked Conditions), failing which the Notice of Publicly Available Information shall 
not be required to be delivered to the Noteholder. The determination by the Calculation Agent 
of any amount or of any state of affairs, circumstance, event or other matter, or formation of 
any opinion or the exercise of any discretion required or permitted to be determined, formed 
or exercised by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and 
binding on the Noteholders. 
Some Reference Obligations may have no, or only a limited, trading market. The liquidity of 
Reference Obligations will generally fluctuate with, among other things, the underlying 
liquidity of the loan and bond markets, general economic conditions, domestic and 
international political events, developments or trends in a particular industry and the financial 
condition of the relevant Reference Entity/ies. The financial markets have experienced periods 
of volatility and reduced liquidity which may re-occur and reduce the market value of the 
relevant Reference Obligation(s). 
Some or all of the Reference Obligations may also be subject to restrictions on transfer and 
may be considered illiquid. If a Credit Event occurs in respect of a Reference Entity, any 
resulting diminution in market value of the related Reference Obligation could be further 
magnified by reason of such limited liquidity for Reference Obligations generally or that 
Reference Obligation in particular. 
Investors in the Credit Linked Notes will be exposed to the credit risk of the Reference Entity 
in respect of Credit Events which occur on or after the Credit Observation Date. Such date may 
precede the Issue Date. Prospective investors should note that while they may, therefore, have

--- Page 42 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 42 - 
47-41009328 
 
exposure to Credit Events occurring prior to the Issue Date, they will not receive interest for 
any period prior to the Issue Date. 
The terms and conditions of Credit Linked Notes do not incorporate by reference the definitions 
and provisions of the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (the "2003 Credit Derivatives 
Definitions") or the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (the "2014 Credit Derivatives 
Definitions" and, together with the 2003 Credit Derivatives Definitions, the "Credit 
Derivatives Definitions") and there may be differences between the definitions used with 
respect to Credit Linked Notes and the Credit Derivatives Definitions. Consequently, investing 
in the Credit Linked Notes is not exactly equivalent to investing in a credit default swap that 
incorporates the Credit Derivatives Definitions. 
While ISDA has published and supplemented the Credit Derivatives Definitions in order to 
facilitate transactions and promote uniformity in the credit derivative market, the credit 
derivative market has evolved over time and is expected to continue to change. Consequently, 
the Credit Derivatives Definitions and the terms applied to credit derivatives, including credit 
linked securities, are subject to interpretation and further evolution. Past events have shown 
that the views of market participants may differ as to how the Credit Derivatives Definitions 
operate or should operate. As a result of the continued evolution in the market, interpretation 
of the Credit Linked Notes may differ in the future because of future market standards. Such a 
result may have a negative impact on the Credit Linked Notes. Future amendments or 
supplements to the terms applicable to credit derivatives generally will only apply to Credit 
Linked Notes that have already been issued if the Issuer and the Noteholders agree to amend 
the Credit Linked Notes to incorporate such amendments or supplements and other conditions 
to amending the Credit Linked Notes have been met. 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees were established for the purposes of the Credit 
Derivatives Definitions to make determinations that are relevant to the majority of the credit 
derivatives market and to promote transparency and consistency. In making any determination 
the Issuer or the Calculation Agent may have regard to decisions made by announcements, 
determinations and resolutions made by ISDA and/or the ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees. Such announcements, determinations and resolutions could 
directly or indirectly affect the redemption and settlement of the Credit Linked Notes (including 
the quantum and timing of payments and/or deliveries on redemption). For the avoidance of 
doubt, neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent accept any liability to any person for any 
determinations, redemption, calculations and/or delay or suspension of payments and/or 
redemption of Credit Linked Notes resulting from or relating to announcements, publications, 
determinations and resolutions made by ISDA, the DC Secretary and/or any Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee. Further information about the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee may be found at www.isda.org/credit. 
By subscribing for or purchasing Credit Linked Notes, each Noteholder shall be deemed to 
agree that (i) no DC Party and no legal counsel or other third-party professional hired by a DC 
Party in connection with such DC Party's performance of its respective duties under the DC 
Rules and/or any relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms, as applicable, shall be 
liable to Noteholders, and (ii) no DC Party and no legal counsel or other third-party 
professional hired by a DC Party in connection with such DC Party's performance of its 
respective duties under the DC Rules and/or any relevant Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms is acting as fiduciary for, or as an advisor to, Noteholders.

--- Page 43 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 43 - 
47-41009328 
 
If Auction Settlement is applicable in respect of any Credit Linked Note, then the amounts 
payable by and/or rights and obligations of the parties under such Credit Linked Note in respect 
of the relevant Reference Entity/ies or Reference Obligation(s), will (following the occurrence 
of a Credit Event Determination Date) be determined in accordance with the Auction Final 
Price(s). The Noteholder takes the risk that where the Auction Final Price is used, this may 
result in a lower recovery value than a Reference Entity or Reference Obligation would have 
if such Auction Final Price had not been used. Also, the relevant Issuer may have a conflict of 
interest to the extent that it, or one of its affiliates, participates in any auction or other process 
used to determine the Auction Final Price and is under no obligation to consider the interests 
of Noteholders when so acting. 
Please refer to the "Definitions" section at the end of the section headed "General Terms for 
Credit Linked Notes" for defined terms used above. 
Increased risk in respect of Tranche Notes 
In respect of Tranche Notes, as soon as the aggregate of the Loss Amount for all Reference 
Entities subject to a Credit Event exceeds the Tranche Subordination Amount, the greater the 
number of Reference Entities subject to a Credit Event, the lower the Final Redemption 
Amount will be. 
Fixed Recovery 
Where Fixed Recovery is specified in the related Final Terms, the terms of Credit Linked Notes 
provide that the Final Value of a Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event 
Determination Date has occurred will be equal to the fixed percentage specified in the related 
Final Terms (including in particular where such fixed percentage is equal to zero). 
This percentage may be lower than the recovery value, which would have been determined by 
reference to prices quoted by market participants in respect of such Reference Entity. Such 
recovery values may vary from zero per cent. to one hundred per cent.. In particular, this 
percentage may be lower than the recovery value which would have been determined using an 
auction valuation method usually organised on the credit derivatives market, such as the 
Auction Final Price determined further to the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement 
Terms published by ISDA or the quotations obtained from Quotation Dealers (if Floating 
Recovery was specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
Noteholders will not benefit from any recovery value determined by reference to prices quoted 
by market participants in respect of such a Reference Entity and are therefore exposed to the 
risk that the loss resulting from such fixed percentage be significantly bigger than the loss 
which would have resulted from referring to the recovery value determined by reference to 
prices quoted by market participants in relation to any such Reference Entity. 
If the Fixed Recovery is equal to one hundred per cent., the Notes may be redeemed at par at 
the Maturity Date which may be later than the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
Floating Recovery 
Where Floating Recovery is specified in the related Final Terms, the terms of the Credit Linked 
Notes provide that the Calculation Agent will, depending on the election mentioned in the 
related Final Terms, determine the Final Value either by obtaining quotations from Quotation

--- Page 44 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 44 - 
47-41009328 
 
Dealers in respect of Selected Obligation(s) or by reference to Transaction Auction Settlement 
Terms (unless no Auction Final Price is available following any relevant Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms in which case the Calculation Agent will determine the Final Value in respect 
of Selected Obligation(s) by obtaining quotations from Quotation Dealers). In this regard, 
investors should note that: (i) the Final Value as determined by reference to Transaction 
Auction Settlement Terms may differ from the Final Value determined otherwise and a lower 
Final Value will typically reduce the amount payable to Noteholders upon redemption of the 
Notes; and (ii) the Calculation Agent may have a conflict of interest as further described in the 
paragraph "Conflicts of Interest" below. 
If Transaction Auction Settlement Terms are not published within a certain period and if it is 
not possible to obtain quotations from Quotation Dealers for the Selected Obligations within a 
further period, the Final Value of the Selected Obligations will be deemed to be zero and 
therefore the Cash Settlement Amount will be equal to zero. In addition, the above-mentioned 
periods between Credit Event and valuation may amount to as many as 180 Business Days 
following the date on which the existence of a Credit Event is established, therefore, settlement, 
or as the case may be, notice that no amount is due under the Credit Linked Notes, may occur 
several months after the relevant Credit Event on a date which may be much later than the 
Scheduled Maturity Date of the Notes. 
Where Quotation Dealer is applicable, factors affecting the Quotations Dealers may have a 
negative impact on the quotations obtained from Quotation Dealers (which may be lower than 
the value of the relevant obligations) and may as a result adversely affect the Cash Settlement 
Amount. The Cash Settlement Amount may be equal to zero if it is not possible to obtain 
quotations from Quotation Dealers for the selected obligations. 
(viii) Inflation Linked Notes 
General 
The Issuer may issue Inflation Linked Notes, which are securities whose performance is linked 
to the performance of one or more rates of inflation. An investment in Inflation Linked Notes 
entails significant risks in addition to those associated with investments in a conventional debt 
security. 
A relevant consumer price index or other formula linked to a measure of inflation to which the 
Notes are linked may be subject to significant and unforeseeable fluctuations that may not 
correlate with general changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices. The timing of 
changes in the relevant consumer price index or other formula linked to a measure of inflation 
to which the Notes are linked may affect the amount that investors in Inflation Linked Notes 
receive, even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. 
A relevant consumer price index or other formula linked to a measure of inflation to which the 
Inflation Linked Notes are linked is only one measure of inflation for the relevant jurisdiction 
and may not correlate perfectly with the rate of inflation experienced by holders of the relevant 
Inflation Linked Notes in such jurisdiction. 
Exposure to modification and disruption events 
Upon determining that certain events have occurred in relation to Inflation Linked Notes, the 
Calculation Agent has broad discretion to make certain determinations to account for such

--- Page 45 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 45 - 
47-41009328 
 
events including to (i) make adjustments to the terms of the Inflation Linked Notes (including 
replacing the affected relevant consumer price index or other formula by another consumer 
price index or formula) and/or (ii) cause the early redemption/settlement of the Inflation Linked 
Notes, any of which determinations may have an adverse effect on the value of the Inflation 
Linked Notes. 
(ix) 
Commodity Linked Notes 
General 
The Issuer may issue Commodity Linked Notes, which are securities whose performance is 
linked to the performance of a commodity (or basket of commodities). An investment in 
Commodity Linked Notes entails significant risks in addition to those associated with 
investments in a conventional debt security. 
Ownership of the Commodity Linked Notes will not entitle an investor to any rights with respect 
to any futures contracts or commodities included in or tracked by the Reference Item(s) 
An investor will not own or have any beneficial or other legal interest in, and will not be entitled 
to any rights with respect to, any of the commodities or commodity futures included in such 
Reference Item(s). Neither the relevant Issuer nor the Guarantor will invest in any of the 
commodities or commodity futures contracts included in such Reference Item(s) on behalf or 
for the benefit of the Holders. 
Factors affecting the performance of Commodities may adversely affect the value of the 
relevant Commodity Linked Notes; Commodity prices may be more volatile than other asset 
classes 
The prices of commodities may be volatile and may fluctuate substantially if, for example, 
natural disasters or catastrophes, such as hurricanes, fires, or earthquakes, affect the supply or 
production of such commodities. Commodity prices also fluctuate due to general macro-
economic forces and general market movements. The price of commodities may also fluctuate 
substantially if conflict or war affects the supply or production of such commodities. If any 
amount payable in respect of a Commodity Linked Note is linked to the price of a commodity, 
any change in the price of such commodity may result in the reduction of the amount of such 
payment in respect of a Commodity Linked Note. The reduction in the amount payable on the 
redemption/settlement of the Commodity Linked Note may result, in some cases, in a holder 
receiving a smaller sum on redemption/settlement of the Commodity Linked Note than the 
amount originally invested in such Commodity Linked Note. 
Commodities may reference physical commodities or commodity contracts, and certain 
commodity contracts may be traded on unregulated or "under-regulated" exchanges 
Commodities comprise both (i) "physical" commodities, which need to be stored and 
transported, and which are generally traded at a "spot" price, and (ii) commodity contracts, 
which are agreements either to (a) buy or sell a set amount of an underlying physical 
commodity at a predetermined price and delivery period (which may be referred to as a delivery 
month), or to (b) make and receive a cash payment based on changes in the price of the 
underlying physical commodity.

--- Page 46 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 46 - 
47-41009328 
 
Commodity contracts may be traded on regulated specialised futures exchanges (such as 
futures contracts). Commodity contracts may also be traded directly between market 
participants "over-the- counter" on trading facilities that are subject to lesser degrees of 
regulation or, in some cases, no substantive regulation. Accordingly, trading in such "over-the-
counter" contracts may not be subject to the same provisions as, and the protections afforded 
to, contracts traded on regulated specialised futures exchanges, and there may therefore be 
additional risks related to the liquidity and price histories of the relevant contracts and any 
Commodity Linked Notes which reference any such commodity contracts may have reduced 
liquidity or greater price volatility or be subject to more extensive market disruptions. 
Commodity Linked Notes which are linked to commodity futures contracts may provide a 
different return from Commodity Linked Notes linked to the relevant physical commodity and 
will have certain other risks 
The price of a futures contract on a commodity will generally be at a premium or at a discount 
to the spot price of the underlying commodity. This discrepancy is due to such factors as (i) the 
need to adjust the spot price due to related expenses (e.g. warehousing, transport and insurance 
costs) and (ii) different methods being used to evaluate general factors affecting the spot and 
the futures markets. In addition, and depending on the commodity, there can be significant 
differences in the liquidity of the spot and the futures markets. Accordingly, Commodity 
Linked Notes which are linked to commodity futures contracts may provide a different return 
from Commodity Linked Notes linked to the relevant physical commodity. 
Investments in futures contracts involve certain other risks, including potential illiquidity. A 
holder of a futures position may find that such position becomes illiquid because certain 
commodity exchanges limit fluctuations in such futures contract prices pursuant to "daily 
limits". Once the price of a particular futures contract has increased or decreased by an amount 
equal to the daily limit, positions in the contract can neither be taken nor liquidated unless 
holders are willing to effect trades at or within the limit. This could prevent a holder from 
promptly liquidating unfavorable positions and subject it to substantial losses. Futures contract 
prices in various commodities occasionally have exceeded the daily limit for several 
consecutive days with little or no trading. Any such losses in such circumstances could have a 
negative adverse effect on the return of any Commodity Linked Notes the Reference Item of 
which is the affected futures contract. There can be no assurance that any such disruption or 
any other force majeure (such as an act of God, fire, flood, severe weather conditions, act of 
governmental authority or a labour dispute or shortage) will not have an adverse affect on the 
value of or trading in the Reference Item(s), or the manner in which it is calculated, and 
therefore, the value of the Commodity Linked Notes. 
In the case of a direct investment in commodity futures contracts, the invested capital may be 
applied in whole or in part by way of collateral in respect of the future claims of the respective 
counterparties under the commodity futures contracts. Such capital will generally bear interest, 
and the interest yield will increase the return of the investor making such direct investment. 
However, holders of Commodity Linked Notes linked to the price of commodity futures 
contracts do not participate in such interest yields from the hypothetical fully collateralised 
investment in commodity futures contracts. 
Additional risks in relation to the "rolling" of commodity futures contracts (including 
commodity futures contracts which are components of a commodity index)

--- Page 47 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 47 - 
47-41009328 
 
Commodity contracts have a predetermined expiration date, which is the date on which trading 
of the commodity contract ceases. Holding a commodity contract until expiration will result in 
delivery of the underlying physical commodity or the requirement to make or receive a cash 
settlement. Alternatively, "rolling" the commodity contracts means that the commodity 
contracts that are nearing expiration (the "near-dated commodity contracts") are sold before 
they expire and commodity contracts that have an expiration date further in the future (the 
"longer-dated commodity contracts") are purchased. 
Investments in commodities apply "rolling" of the component commodity contracts in order to 
maintain an ongoing exposure to such commodities. 
"Rolling" can affect the value of an investment in commodities in a number of ways, including: 
(a) 
The investment in commodity contracts may be increased or decreased through 
"rolling": Where the price of a near-dated commodity contract is greater than the price 
of the longer-dated commodity contract (the commodity is said to be in 
"backwardation"), then "rolling" from the former to the latter will result in exposure to 
a greater number of the longer-dated commodity contract being taken. Therefore, any 
loss or gain on the new positions for a given movement in the prices of the commodity 
contract will be greater than if one had synthetically held the same number of 
commodity contracts as before the "roll". Conversely, where the price of the near-dated 
commodity contract is lower than the price of the longer-dated commodity contract (the 
commodity is said to be in "contango"), then "rolling" will result in exposure to a 
smaller number of the longer dated commodity contract being taken. Therefore, any 
gain or loss on the new positions for a given movement in the prices of the commodity 
contract will be less than if one had synthetically held the same number of commodity 
contracts as before the "roll". 
(b) 
Where a commodity contract is in contango (or, alternatively, backwardation) such may 
be expected to (though it may not) have a negative (or, alternatively, positive) effect 
over time: Where a commodity contract is in "contango", then the price of the longer-
dated commodity contract will generally be expected to (but may not) decrease over 
time as it nears expiry. In such event, rolling is generally expected to have a negative 
effect on an investment in the commodity contract. Where a commodity contract is in 
"backwardation", then the price of the longer-dated commodity contract will generally 
be expected to (but may not) increase over time as it nears expiry. In such event, the 
investment in the relevant commodity contract can generally be expected to be 
positively affected. 
Commodity indices are indices which track the performance of a basket of commodity 
contracts on certain commodities, depending on the particular index. The weighting of the 
respective commodities included in a commodity index will depend on the particular index, 
and is generally described in the relevant index rules of the index. Commodity indices apply 
"rolling" of the component commodity contracts in order to maintain an ongoing exposure to 
such commodities. Specifically, as a commodity contract is required to be rolled pursuant to 
the relevant index rules, the commodity index is calculated as if exposure to the commodity 
contract was liquidated and exposure was taken to another (generally longer-dated) commodity 
contract for an equivalent exposure. Accordingly, the same effects as described above with 
regard to "rolling" on the value of a commodity Reference Item also apply with regard to the 
index level of a commodity index.

--- Page 48 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 48 - 
47-41009328 
 
Legal and regulatory changes relating to the commodities may lead to an early redemption 
Commodities are subject to legal and regulatory regimes that may change in ways that could 
affect the ability of the relevant Issuer and/or any entities acting on behalf of the relevant Issuer 
engaged in any underlying or hedging transactions in respect of the relevant Issuer's obligations 
in relation to the Commodity Linked Notes to hedge the relevant Issuer's obligations under the 
Commodity Linked Notes, and/or could lead to the early redemption/settlement of the 
Commodity Linked Notes. 
Commodities are subject to legal and regulatory regimes in the United States and, in some 
cases, in other countries that may change in ways that could negatively affect the value of the 
Commodity Linked Notes. For example, the U.S. Congress is considering legislation intended 
to decrease speculation and increase transparency in the commodities markets. If enacted, such 
legislation may, among other things, require the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission 
("CFTC") or exchanges to adopt rules establishing position limits on positions in commodity 
futures contracts. Such legislation could have an unpredictable impact on the value of any 
Commodity Linked Notes. In addition, if the commodities are traded on a non- U.S. exchange, 
those foreign markets may be more susceptible to disruption than U.S. exchanges due to the 
lack of a government-regulated clearinghouse system and may be subject to exchange controls, 
expropriation, burdensome or confiscatory taxation, or moratoriums and political or diplomatic 
events. 
(x) 
FX Linked Notes 
General 
The Issuer may issue FX Linked Notes, which are securities whose performance is linked to 
the performance of a foreign exchange rate and such Notes do not have a "quanto" feature (i.e. 
feature that hedges the currency risk). An investment in FX Linked Notes entails significant 
risks in addition to those associated with investments in a conventional debt security. 
The foreign exchange rate(s) to which the Notes are linked will affect the nature and value of 
the investment return on the FX Linked Notes (or any other Notes which expose the investor 
to foreign exchange risks). Investors should be aware that foreign exchange rates are, and have 
been, highly volatile and determined by supply and demand for currencies in the international 
foreign exchange markets. These markets are subject to international and domestic political 
factors, economic factors (including inflation rates in the country concerned), currency 
convertibility, speculation and measures taken by government and central banks. Such 
measures include, without limitation, imposition of regulatory controls or taxes, issuance of a 
new currency to replace an existing currency, alteration of the exchange rate or exchange 
characteristics by devaluation or revaluation of a currency or imposition of exchange controls 
with respect to the exchange or transfer of a Relevant Currency which would affect the return 
on the FX Linked Note or ability of the Issuer to make delivery in the Relevant Currency. 
Exposure to modification and disruption events 
Upon determining that certain events have occurred in relation to FX Linked Notes, the 
Calculation Agent has broad discretion to make certain determinations to account for such 
events including to (i) calculate the relevant spot rate of exchange on other days and using other 
methods or price sources (ii) make adjustments to the terms of the FX Linked Notes (including, 
where applicable, replacing an affected currency and/or exchange rate with another currency

--- Page 49 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 49 - 
47-41009328 
 
and/or exchange rate) and/or (iii) cause the early redemption/settlement of the FX Linked 
Notes, any of which determinations may have an adverse effect on the value of the FX Linked 
Notes. 
(xi) 
Debt Linked Notes 
General 
An investment in Debt Linked Notes will entail significant risks not associated with a 
conventional fixed rate or floating rate debt security. An investment in a Debt Linked Note 
may not provide the same level of return as a direct investment in the underlying Debt 
Instrument. 
Exposure to modification and disruption events 
In certain circumstances, the Calculation Agent has broad discretion to make certain 
determinations and adjustments, to replace the original Debt Instrument with another and/or to 
cause early redemption/settlement of the Notes, any of which may be adverse to Noteholders. 
The Calculation Agent may determine that the consequence of any such event is to make 
adjustments to the Notes, or to replace the original Debt Instrument with another or to cause 
early redemption/ settlement of the Debt Linked Notes. The consequences of such amendments 
could adversely affect the market value of the Debt Linked Notes. 
(xii) 
Interest Rate Linked Notes 
General 
An investment in Interest Rate Linked Notes will entail significant risks not associated with a 
conventional fixed rate or floating rate or yield of debt security. An investment in an Interest 
Rate Linked Note may not provide the same level of return as a direct investment in the 
underlying Interest Rate. 
Factors affecting the value of the Interest Rate Linked Notes 
An investment in Interest Rate Linked Notes may bear similar market risks to a direct interest 
rate investment and potential investors should take advice accordingly. 
Potential investors in any such Notes should be aware that, depending on the terms of the 
Reference Item (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal 
or interest may occur at a different time than expected and (iii) they may lose a substantial 
portion of their investment. In addition, movements in interest rates or yields may be subject 
to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in other indices and the timing 
of changes in the interest rates may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average level 
is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in interest rates, the 
greater the effect on yield. 
Interest rates and yields are determined by various factors which are influenced by macro 
economic, political or financial factors, speculation and central bank and government 
intervention. In recent years, interest rates have been relatively low and stable, but this may not 
continue and interest rates may rise and/or become volatile. Fluctuations that have occurred in 
any interest rate in the past are not necessarily indicative, however, of fluctuation that may

--- Page 50 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 50 - 
47-41009328 
 
occur in the rate during the term of any Note. Fluctuations in interest rates and yields will affect 
the value of Interest Rate Linked Notes. 
If the amount of principal and/or interest payable are dependent upon movements in interest 
rates or yields and are determined in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or by 
reference to some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the interest rates or yields on 
principal or interest payable will be magnified. 
The market price of Interest Rate Linked Notes may be volatile and, if the amount of principal 
and/or interest payable is dependent upon movements in interest rates or yields, may depend 
upon the time remaining to the redemption date and the volatility of interest rates. Movements 
in interest rates or yields may be dependent upon economic, financial and political events in 
one or more jurisdictions. 
(xiii) Risks relating to Notes which are linked to emerging market Reference Item(s) 
Where the terms and conditions of the Notes reference one or more emerging market Reference 
Item(s), investors in such Notes should be aware that the political and economic situation in 
countries with emerging economies or stock markets may be undergoing significant evolution 
and rapid development, and such countries may lack the social, political and economic stability 
characteristics of more developed countries, including a significant risk of currency value 
fluctuation. Such instability may result from, among other things, authoritarian governments, 
or military involvement in political and economic decision-making, including changes or 
attempted changes in governments through extra constitutional means; popular unrest 
associated with demands for improved political, economic or social conditions; internal 
insurgencies; hostile relations with neighboring countries; and ethnic, religious and racial 
disaffections or conflict. Certain of such countries may have in the past failed to recognise 
private property rights and have at times nationalised or expropriated the assets of private 
companies. As a result, the risks from investing in those countries, including the risks of 
nationalisation or expropriation of assets, may be heightened. In addition, unanticipated 
political or social developments may affect the values of a Reference Item investment in those 
countries. The small size and inexperience of the securities markets in certain countries and the 
limited volume of trading in securities may make the emerging market Reference Item(s) 
illiquid and more volatile than investments in more established markets. There may be little 
financial or accounting information available with respect to local issuers, and as a result it 
may be difficult to assess the value or prospects of the Reference Item(s). 
(xiv) 
Notes providing for the application of a cap to the Reference Item(s) 
The Notes may provide for the application of a maximum return payable or deliverable to 
investors or of a maximum value or level to the relevant Reference Item(s) knows as a "cap". 
In such case, the amounts payable or deliverable to investors will be subject to the pre-
determined maximum. If the relevant Reference Item(s) out-performs the pre-determined 
maximum, this will not be taken into consideration when calculating the amount payable or 
deliverable in respect of the Notes. 
(xv) 
Application of multipliers to Floating Rate 
To the extent that Multiplier or Reference Rate Multiplier applies in respect of the 
determination of the Interest Rate for the Notes, investors should be aware that any fluctuation

--- Page 51 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 51 - 
47-41009328 
 
of the underlying floating rate will be amplified by such multiplier. Where the Multiplier is less 
than 1, this may adversely affect the return on the Notes. 
(xvi) 
Maximum/Minimum Interest Rate 
Potential investors should also consider that, with respect to the Notes providing for a Floating 
Rate, where the underlying interest rate does not rise above the level of the Minimum Interest 
Rate, comparable investments in notes which pay interest based on a fixed rate which is higher 
than the Minimum Interest Rate are likely to be more attractive to potential investors than an 
investment in the Notes. Under those conditions, investors in the Notes might find it difficult 
to sell their Notes on the secondary market (if any) or might only be able to realise the Notes 
at a price which may be substantially lower than the nominal amount. 
To the extent a Maximum Interest Rate applies, investors should be aware that the Interest Rate 
is capped at such Maximum Interest Rate level. Consequently, investors may not participate in 
any increase of market interest rates, which may also negatively affect the market value of the 
Notes. 
(xvii) Risk relating to Dual Currency Notes 
The Issuer may issue Dual Currency Interest Notes and/or Dual Currency Redemption Notes 
(together, Dual Currency Notes) where the interest and/or principal is payable in one or more 
currencies which may be different from the currency in which the Notes are denominated. An 
investment in Dual Currency Notes will entail significant risks not associated with a 
conventional debt security. 
Currency exchange rates may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with 
changes in interest rates or other indices and the timing of changes in the exchange rates may 
affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average level is consistent with their 
expectations. 
Fluctuations in exchange rates of the relevant currency may affect the value of Dual Currency 
Notes. 
Furthermore, investors who intend to convert gains or losses from the exercise, redemption or 
sale of Dual Currency Notes into their home currency may be affected by fluctuations in 
exchange rates between their home currency and the Payment Currency of the Notes. Currency 
values related to exchange rates may be affected by complex political and economic factors, 
including governmental action to fix or support the value of currency/currencies, regardless of 
other market forces. 
(xviii) Risk relating to Range Accrual Notes 
If the Notes include a range accrual feature, interest will only be paid if the level, price or other 
applicable value of the underlying asset(s) on the relevant valuation date(s) falls within a 
specific range. It is possible that such level, price or other applicable value of the underlying 
asset(s) on the relevant valuation date(s) will not be within and/or out of the range, depending 
on the specific payoff, during the relevant interest period, and, therefore, no interest will be 
payable on the relevant interest payment date. This means that the amount of interest payable 
to you over the term of the Notes may vary and may be zero. 
(xix) 
Risk relating to Bonus Factor

--- Page 52 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 52 - 
47-41009328 
 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Note indicates that the Bonus Factor applies, 
investor should note that the Bonus Factor will increase the positive return deriving from the 
performance of the underlying assets and, as such, will determine the potential return of the 
Bonus Notes. 
(xx) 
Risk relating to the Bonus Stop (European) and the Bonus Stop (American) 
The Bonus Stop (European) occurs in relation to an underlying asset when the relevant final 
reference level is lower than the Bonus Level on an observation date. On the other hand, the 
Bonus Stop (American) occurs in relation to an underlying asset when the relevant final 
reference level is lower than the Bonus Level at any time during the observation period. In both 
cases, potential investors should consider that the closer the Bonus Level is to the initial 
reference level of the underlying asset, the greater is the possibility that potential investors will 
not benefit of the predetermined minimum return linked to value of such underlying asset. 
Consequently, the investor is exposed to both the performance of the underlying asset and the 
risk of total or partial lost to the investment. 
Furthermore, investors should note that the occurrence of a Bonus Stop (European) or a Bonus 
Stop (American) will also depend on the volatility of the underlying asset i.e. the more frequent 
and intense the fluctuation in the value of the underlying asset during the life of the Notes are, 
the higher the volatility will be and the greater chance that the value of the underlying asset 
will reach the Bonus Level and, therefore, that a Bonus Stop (European) or a Bonus Stop 
(American) will occur. 
(xxi) 
Risk associated to the early redemption in case of Autocallable 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Note indicates that the Autocallable provisions 
apply, Notes provide for an automatic early redemption if, on certain dates, the settlement price 
of the underlying asset is higher than a certain level (the "Autocallable Strike Level"). In such 
cases, investors should be aware that they may not be able to reinvest the proceeds arising from 
the early redemption in order to obtain an actual return equal to the one that would have been 
applied to the redeemed Notes. Potential investors should take into account the risk of 
reinvestment in light of the investment options which are available at that moment on the 
market. 
(xxii) Risk relating to Airbag structure provision 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes indicates that Airbag provision applies, 
investors should note that they might suffer a partial or a total loss of their investment 
depending on both the occurrence of an Airbag Event and the level of protection granted by 
the Issuer with the Airbag Factor. 
In particular: (i) an Airbag Event occurs in relation to an underlying asset when the relevant 
settlement price is lower than the Airbag Level on an observation date or at any time during an 
observation period; and (ii) an Airbag Factor represents the level or protection granted to the 
principal amount invested. 
Specifically, if the final reference level of the underlying asset is lower than the relevant initial 
reference level but greater than the Airbag Level, then the Settlement Price will be equal to the 
principal amount invested. Conversely, if the final reference level of the underlying asset is 
lower than the Airbag Level, the investors will suffer a partial (but less than a negative

--- Page 53 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 53 - 
47-41009328 
 
performance of the underlying) or a total loss of the investment, depending on the level of the 
Airbag Factor. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that the occurrence of an Airbag Event will also depend on the 
volatility of the underlying asset during the life of the Notes are, the higher the volatility will 
be the greater the chance than the Airbag Event occurs (i.e. that the value of the underlying 
asset will reach the Airbag Level). 
(xxiii) Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal 
amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the 
securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing 
securities with comparable maturities. 
(xxiv) No gross up on withholding tax 
To the extent that the Issuer is required by law to withhold or deduct any present or future taxes 
of any kind imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Republic of Italy or the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg (as appropriate), the Issuer may not be under an obligation to pay any additional 
amounts to Noteholders. 
(xxv) Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period 
when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not 
rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior 
to any redemption period. The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of 
borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. 
At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in 
a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being 
redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should 
consider reinvestment risk in the light of other investments available at that time. 
(xxvi) Redemption for tax reasons 
Unless in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final Terms specifies 
otherwise, in the event that the Issuer (i) would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in 
respect of any Notes due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or 
future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of Luxembourg or Italy (as appropriate) or any 
political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax or (ii) 
would become subject to more than a de minimis additional amount of taxes due to limitation 
to the deductibility of payments under any Notes (provided that, with respect to Mediobanca, 
any additional amount of national income taxes arising from a limitation of the deductibility of 
interest payments exceeding the 4% percentage set forth, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
in Article 96, paragraph 5-bis of Decree No. 917, would be considered as exceeding the 
aforesaid de minimis additional amount, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in 
accordance with the Conditions. In such circumstances an investor may not be able to reinvest

--- Page 54 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 54 - 
47-41009328 
 
the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as that of 
the relevant Notes. 
In addition, pursuant to Article 1, paragraph 67 of the Law No. 208 of 28 December 2015 (the 
"Stability Law for 2016"), as from 2017 the limitation of the deductibility of interest payments 
set out under Article 96, paragraph 5-bis of Decree No. 917 shall apply to insurance companies 
and parent companies of insurance groups only. 
(xxvii) Redemption upon the occurrence of an Interest Barrier Event or a Redemption Barrier 
Event or an Automatic Early Redemption 
In certain circumstances, if the value of the underlying Reference Item reaches certain levels, 
the relevant Notes may (in the case of the occurrence of an Interest Barrier Event or of an 
Automatic Early Redemption Event) cease to bear interest and, if applicable, may be redeemed 
early. 
At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in 
a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being 
redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should 
consider reinvestment risk in the light of other investments available at that time. 
(xxviii) Disrupted Days 
The Specific Terms and Conditions for a series of Notes may contain provisions which provide 
for the postponement of certain days on which the value of the underlying Reference Item is 
determined to the extent that such days are Disrupted Days. In such circumstances, the relevant 
Interest Payment Date, Maturity Date or other date on which an amount may be paid in respect 
of such Notes may be delayed by up to three Business Days following the date to which the 
original date is postponed in accordance with the relevant Specific Terms and Conditions. No 
additional amounts shall be payable in respect of such postponement of any payment of any 
amount in respect of the Notes. 
(xxix) Risk relating to Notes that include an option for the Issuer to switch the method for the 
calculation of interest 
Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert, for example from a 
structured rate to a floating rate, or from a structured rate to a fixed rate and so forth. The 
Issuer's ability to convert the interest rate will affect the secondary market and the market value 
of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when is likely to produce a 
lower overall cost of borrowing.  
(C) 
Risks related to the Notes generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally. 
(i) 
Certain Factors Affecting the Value and Trading Price of Notes 
The Final Redemption Amount (in the case of Share Linked Notes, Index Linked Notes, Fund 
Linked Notes, Inflation Linked Notes, Commodity Linked Notes or FX Linked Notes) or the 
value of the Entitlement (in the case of Physical Delivery Notes) at any time prior to maturity 
is typically expected to be less than the trading price of such Notes at that time. The difference 
between the trading price and the Final Redemption Amount or the value of the Entitlement,

--- Page 55 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 55 - 
47-41009328 
 
as the case may be, will reflect, among other things, a "time value" for the Notes. The "time 
value" of the Notes will depend partly upon the length of the period remaining to expiration 
and expectations concerning the value of the Reference Item. Notes offer hedging and 
investment diversification opportunities but also pose some additional risks with regard to 
interim value. The interim value of the Reference Item, as well as by a number of other 
interrelated factors, including those specified herein. 
Before selling Notes, holders should carefully consider, among other things, (i) the trading 
price of the Notes, (ii) the value and volatility of the share (or basket of shares), the index (or 
basket of indices), the fund (or basket of funds), the price of credit protection in relation to the 
relevant reference entity or entities, the rate of inflation, the commodity (or basket of 
commodities) or the exchange rate that is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the 
relevant Reference Item(s), (iii) the time remaining to maturity, (iv) in the case of Notes which 
are not Physical Delivery Notes, the probable range of Final Redemption Amounts, (v) any 
change(s) in interim interest rates and dividend yields if applicable, (vi) any change(s) in 
currency exchange rates, (vii) the depth of the market or liquidity of the share (or basket of 
shares), the index (or basket of indices), the fund (or basket of funds), the price of credit 
protection in relation to the relevant reference entity or entities, the rate of inflation, the 
commodity (or basket of commodities) or the exchange rate that is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being the relevant Reference Item(s) and (viii) any related transaction costs. 
(ii) 
Certain Considerations Regarding Hedging 
Prospective purchasers intending to purchase Notes to hedge against the market risk associated 
with investing in a share (or basket of shares), an index, a fund (or basket of funds), an 
obligation of the relevant reference entity or entities, the rate of inflation, a commodity (or 
basket of commodities) or an exchange rate that is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being the Reference Item(s), should recognise the complexities of utilising Notes in this 
manner. For example, the value of the Notes may not exactly correlate with the value of the 
relevant Reference Item(s). Due to fluctuating supply and demand for the Notes, there is no 
assurance that their value will correlate with movements of the relevant Reference Item(s). For 
these reasons, among others, it may not be possible to purchase or liquidate Notes in a portfolio 
at the prices used to calculate the value of any relevant Reference Item(s). 
The Issuer and/or any of its respective Affiliates or agents may from time to time hedge the 
Issuer's obligations under Notes (and under other instruments and OTC contracts issued by or 
entered into from time to time by the Issuer and/or any of its respective Affiliates or agents 
relating to such securities) by taking positions, directly or indirectly, in the relevant Reference 
Item(s). Although the Issuer has no reason to believe that such hedging activities will have a 
material impact on the price of the relevant Reference Item(s), there can be no assurance that 
such hedging activities will not adversely affect the value of the Notes. 
(iii) 
Participation factor 
If the relevant Final Terms specify a Credit Participation Factor or Participation Factor or 
Interest Participation Factor as applicable, determination of amounts due under the Notes may 
be subject, inter alia, to a participation factor. In such circumstances, the relevant calculation 
will not be made only by reference to the value of the relevant underlying and the application 
of such feature may result in the calculation being subject to increasing or decreasing the 
amount that would otherwise have been calculated had no such feature been applicable. 
Movements in the value of the relevant underlying will be magnified where a participation

--- Page 56 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 56 - 
47-41009328 
 
factor applies and may therefore result in greater gains or losses than if no participation rate 
applied. 
(iv) 
Change of law 
Unless otherwise provided in the Final Terms, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes are based 
on English law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus, except for the status provisions 
applicable to the Notes and the contractual recognition of bail-in powers provisions, and any 
non contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with such provisions, which shall be 
governed by, and construed in accordance with, Italian law (if the Notes are issued by 
Mediobanca) or Luxembourgish law (if the Notes are issued by Mediobanca International), as 
applicable. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or 
change to English law and/or Italian law (when applicable), or administrative practice after the 
date of this Base Prospectus. 
(v) 
Procedures of clearing systems 
Unless otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms, Notes issued under the Programme may 
be represented by one or more Global Notes and such Global Notes will be deposited with a 
common depositary or (where applicable) common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream 
Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in the relevant Global Note, investors will 
not be entitled to receive definitive Notes. Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg and/or 
any other relevant clearing system provided in the relevant Final Terms will maintain records 
of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes. While the Notes are represented by one or more 
Global Notes, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. While the Notes 
are represented by one or more Global Notes the Issuer will discharge its payment obligations 
under the Notes by making payments to the common depositary or common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system for 
distribution to their account holders. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note must 
rely on the procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system to receive payments under the relevant Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility 
or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in 
the Global Notes. Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right 
to vote in respect of the relevant Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to 
the extent that they are enabled by Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system to appoint appropriate proxies. 
(vi) 
Modification 
The Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement contain provisions for calling meetings of 
Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit 
defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote 
at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The Base Conditions of the Notes contained in Chapter 2 also provide that the Issuer and the 
Guarantor may, without the consent of Noteholders, correct (i) any manifest error in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes and/or in the relevant Final Terms, (ii) any error of a formal, minor 
or technical nature in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and/or in the relevant Final Terms 
or (iii) any inconsistency in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and/or in the relevant Final 
Terms between the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and/or the relevant Final Terms and any

--- Page 57 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 57 - 
47-41009328 
 
other documents prepared in connection with the issue and/or offer of a Series of Notes 
(provided such correction is not materially prejudicial to the holders of the relevant Series of 
Notes). In addition, pursuant to Base Condition 3(q) (Benchmark replacement) and Condition 
(r) (U.S. dollar LIBOR replacement), certain changes may be made to the interest calculation 
provisions of the Notes in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in such Condition, without 
the requirement for consent of the Noteholders. Any such correction shall be binding on the 
holders of the relevant Notes and the Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable) shall cause such 
correction to be notified to the holders of the Notes as soon as practicable thereafter pursuant 
to Base Condition 12 (Notices) of the Notes. 
(vii) 
Conflict of Interest 
The Issuer(s) may act in a number of capacities in respect of Notes issued under the Programme 
including, without limitation, Dealer and Calculation Agent and/or index sponsor. Such 
functions can allow the Issuer(s) to determine the composition of the underlying or to calculate 
its value, which could raise conflicts of interest where notes or other assets issued by the Issuer 
itself or a group company can be chosen to be part of the underlying, or where the Issuer 
maintains a business relationship with the issuer of such notes or assets. The Issuer(s) acting in 
such capacities in connection with such Notes shall have only the duties and responsibilities 
expressly agreed to by such entities in the relevant capacity and shall not, by virtue of acting 
in any other capacity, be deemed to have other duties or responsibilities or be deemed to hold 
a standard of care other than as expressly provided with respect to each such capacity. 
As the Calculation Agent will generally be the Issuer(s), potential conflicts of interest may exist 
between the Calculation Agent and the investors, including with respect to the exercise of the 
very broad, discretionary powers of the Calculation Agent. For example, the Calculation Agent 
has the authority (i) to determine whether certain specified events and/or matters so specified 
in the conditions relating to a Series of Notes have occurred and (ii) to determine any resulting 
adjustments and calculations or substitutions as described in such conditions. Potential 
investors should be aware that any determination made by the Calculation Agent may have an 
impact on the value and financial return of the Notes. Any such discretion exercised by, or any 
calculation made by, the Calculation Agent (in the absence of manifest error) shall be binding 
on the relevant Issuer and all investors. 
The Issuer(s) may in the ordinary course of business: (i) effect transactions for its own account 
or for the account of its customers and hold long or short positions in the underlying asset(s) 
or related derivatives; (ii) in connection with an offering of Notes, enter into one or more 
hedging transactions with respect to the underlying assets(s) or related derivatives; and/or (iii) 
in connection with such hedging or market-making activities or with respect to proprietary or 
other trading activities, enter into transactions in the underlying asset(s) or related derivatives 
which may adversely (or positively) affect the price, liquidity or value of the relevant Notes 
and which could therefore be adverse to the interests of the relevant holders. The value of the 
Notes might in particular be affected by the liquidation of all or a portion of the hedging 
positions (i) at or about the time of the maturity or expiration of the Notes. 
In particular, the Issuer, or an agent on its behalf, may act as market-maker for the Notes. In 
such market-making, the Issuer or its agent will, to a large extent, determine the price of the 
Notes itself. The prices quoted by such market-maker will usually not correspond to the prices 
which would have formed without such market-making and in a liquid market.

--- Page 58 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 58 - 
47-41009328 
 
Circumstances taken into account by the market-maker when setting the quoted bid-offer prices 
in the secondary market notably include the Notes' fair value, which, among other things, 
depends on the value of the Underlying, as well as a certain bid-offer spread targeted by the 
market-maker. Furthermore, the prices quoted in the secondary market will be influenced by 
dividends paid or received by the Underlying, or its constituents, or other proceeds which, due 
to the Notes' design, are economically attributable to the Issuer. 
Furthermore, the Issuer may, in certain cases, act as a market-maker for the underlying, which 
might in particular be the case when the Issuer has also issued such underlying. By such market-
making, the Issuer will, to a large extent, determine the price of the underlying, and 
consequently influence the value of the Notes itself. The prices quoted by the Issuer in its 
market-making function will not always correspond to the prices which would have prevailed 
without such market-making and in a liquid market. 
The Issuer(s) in its various capacities in connection with the Notes may also enter into business 
dealings, from which they may derive revenues and profits in addition to any fees, without any 
duty to account therefore. 
Investors should note that Notes issued under the Program may be underwritten by Dealers 
who receive in consideration underwriting commissions and selling concessions. The relevant 
Issuer may also offer and sell Notes directly to investors without the involvement of any Dealer. 
In addition, Mediobanca may act as market maker or specialist or perform other similar roles 
in connection with the Notes: potential conflicts of interest may exist between Mediobanca 
acting in such capacity on the one hand, and investors in the Notes on the other. 
(viii) Impossibility to know the amount of the Notes in circulation on the date of issue 
The Notes may be issued and withheld by the Issuer for the progressive sale on the market in 
accordance with investors' demand. In this context an investor who acquires the Notes does not 
know at the moment of purchase how much of the issued Notes effectively are publicly traded, 
with the consequence that the amount in circulation could be meager and may not guarantee 
successively adequate liquidity in the Notes. 
(ix) 
Issue of subsequent tranche 
In the event the Issuer decides to issue further Notes having the same terms and conditions as 
an already existing Series of Notes (or in all respects except for the Issue Price, the Issue Date 
and/or the first payment of interest) and so that the further Notes shall be consolidated and form 
a single series with the original Notes, the greater nominal amount in circulation could lead to 
greater liquidity in the secondary market with a consequent negative impact on the price of the 
relevant Series of the Notes. 
(x) 
Physical Delivery Notes 
In order to receive the Entitlement in respect of a Physical Delivery Note, the holder of such 
Note must (i) duly deliver to the Clearing System and/or Paying Agents, as specified in the 
Note Final Terms, a duly completed Asset Transfer Notice on or prior to the relevant time on 
the Cut-Off Date and (ii) pay the relevant Expenses. As used in the Terms and Conditions, 
"Expenses" includes any applicable depositary charges, transaction or exercise charges, stamp 
duty reserve tax, issue, registration, securities transfer and/or other taxes arising from the

--- Page 59 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 59 - 
47-41009328 
 
redemption, exercise and settlement (as applicable) of such Notes and/or the delivery of the 
Entitlement. 
In the case of Physical Delivery Notes (other than Credit Linked Notes), if a Settlement 
Disruption Event occurs or exists on the Maturity Delivery Date (in the case of Notes), 
settlement will be postponed until the next date on which no Settlement Disruption Event 
occurs. The relevant Issuer in these circumstances has the right to pay the Disruption Cash 
Settlement Price in lieu of delivering the Entitlement. Such a determination may have an 
adverse effect on the value of the relevant Notes. In addition, if "Failure to Deliver due to 
Illiquidity" is specified as applying in the applicable Note Final Terms, and in the opinion of 
the Calculation Agent it is impossible or impracticable to deliver some or all of the Relevant 
Assets comprising the Entitlement when due as a result of illiquidity in the market for the 
Relevant Assets, the relevant Issuer has the right to pay the Failure to Deliver Settlement Price 
in lieu of delivering those Relevant Assets. Any Disrupted Cash Settlement Price or Failure to 
Deliver Settlement Price may be significantly less than Holders expected to receive prior to 
such Settlement Disruption Event or Calculation Agent determination. 
In relation to Physical Delivery Notes, under the Guarantee, the Guarantor has the right at all 
times to elect not to deliver or procure delivery of the Entitlement to the holders of Physical 
Delivery Notes, but in lieu thereof to pay an amount in cash equal to the Guaranteed Cash 
Settlement Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms. Such cash payment will constitute 
a complete discharge of the Guarantor's obligations in relation to such Physical Delivery Notes. 
If so indicated in the applicable Note Final Terms, the relevant Issuer has an option to vary 
settlement in respect of the Notes. If exercised by the relevant Issuer, Physical Delivery Notes 
may be cash settled or cash settled Notes may be physically settled. Exercise of such option 
may affect the value of the Notes. 
(xi) 
Hedging Unwind Costs 
To the extent applicable Final Terms specify that "Hedge Unwind Adjustment" or "Standard 
Unwind Adjustment" shall apply, the amount that Noteholders may receive in certain 
circumstances will be adjusted upwards or downwards to reflect the pro rata Hedge Unwind 
Costs or Standard Unwind Costs, as applicable. The Hedge Unwind Costs and Standard 
Unwind Costs are the costs of unwinding any associated hedging transactions, including but 
not limited to any hedging and/or funding transactions. 
(xii) 
Automatic Exchange of Information 
EU Member States are required to implement an automatic exchange of information as 
provided for by Council Directive 2014/107/EU, amending Directive 2011/16/EU on 
Administrative Cooperation as regards mandatory automatic exchange of information in the 
field of taxation (the "DAC"), effective as from 1 January 2016 (and, in the case of Austria, as 
from 1 January 2017). In this context, in order to eliminate an overlap with the DAC, Council 
Directive 2003/48/EC (the "EU Savings Directive") was repealed on November 10, 2015 by 
the Council of the European Union. The range of payments to be automatically reported under 
the DAC is broader than the scope of the automatic information previously foreseen by the EU 
Savings Directive. 
(xiii) EU reform of "benchmarks" (including LIBOR, EURIBOR and other interest rate index 
and equity, commodity and foreign exchange rate indices)

--- Page 60 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 60 - 
47-41009328 
 
The Notes may be linked to a "benchmark" as defined under the Benchmark Regulation. The 
Benchmarks Regulation, inter alia: (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or 
registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised 
or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of 
"benchmarks" of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not 
deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
The scope of the Benchmarks Regulation is wide and, in addition to applying to so-called 
"critical benchmark" indices, could also potentially apply to many other interest rate indices, 
as well as equity, commodity and foreign exchange rate indices and other indices (including 
"proprietary" indices or strategies) which are referenced in listed financial instruments 
(including listed Notes), financial contracts and investment funds. In this respect, any changes 
to a "benchmark" due to the Benchmark Regulation could, inter alia: (i) discourage market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to such "benchmark"; (ii) trigger 
changes in the rules or methodologies used in the "benchmark"; or (iii) lead to the 
disappearance of the "benchmark".  
In such events, depending on the particular "benchmarks" and the applicable terms of the Notes, 
the Notes could be delisted (if listed), adjusted, redeemed or otherwise impacted and their 
volatility may be affected. 
In addition, the application of the fallback methods to be applied in the event that a 
"benchmark" to which any Notes is linked has been discontinued following the adoption of a 
decision to withdraw the authorization or registration as set out in Article 35 of the Benchmark 
Regulation may expose investors to certain risks connected with the adjustment to the interest 
calculation as provided for in Condition 3(q) (Benchmark Replacement) or Condition (r) (U.S. 
dollar LIBOR replacement) and/or may generally produce potential negative consequences for 
the holders of any Notes linked to such "benchmark". 
The London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR"), Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") 
and other indices which are deemed critical "benchmarks" are subject to recent national, 
international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms 
are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such 
critical "benchmarks" to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have 
other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material 
adverse effect on any Notes linked to a "benchmark". 
Any of the international, national or other reforms or the general increased regulatory scrutiny 
of "benchmarks" could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating 
in the setting of a "benchmarks" and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
For example, the sustainability of the LIBOR has been questioned as a result of the absence of 
relevant active underlying markets and possible disincentives (including possibly as a result of 
regulatory reforms) for market participants to continue contributing to such "benchmarks". 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or 
national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on 
the value of and return on any such Notes. 
In addition to the above, please also see the risk factor "Future discontinuance of LIBOR may 
adversely affect the value of Floating Rate Notes which reference LIBOR" below.

--- Page 61 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 61 - 
47-41009328 
 
(xiv) 
Future discontinuance of LIBOR may adversely affect the value of Floating Rate Notes 
which reference LIBOR 
On 27 July 2017, the Chief Executive of the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority 
("FCA"), which regulates LIBOR, discussed in a speech the transition away from LIBOR to 
alternative interest rate benchmarks based on overnight rates. As previously announced on 27 
July 2017, the Chief Executive of the FCA, has confirmed that it does not intend to continue to 
persuade, or use its powers to compel, panel banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR 
to the administrator of LIBOR after 2021 (the "FCA Announcement"). The FCA 
Announcement indicates that the continuation of LIBOR on the current basis is not guaranteed 
after 2021 and that planning a transition to alternative reference rates that are based firmly on 
transactions, such as reformed SONIA (the Sterling Over Night Index Average), must begin. 
On 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it would be part of a new 
working group tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free overnight rate" which 
can serve as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial 
instruments and contracts in the euro area. In addition, on 29 November 2017, the Bank of 
England and the FCA announced that, from January 2018, its Working Group on Sterling Risk-
Free Rates has been mandated with implementing a broad-based transition to the SONIA 
(Sterling Overnight Index Average) over the next four years across sterling bond, loan and 
derivative markets, so that SONIA is established as the primary sterling interest rate benchmark 
by the end of 2021. 
Following the implementation of any such potential reforms, the manner of administration of 
benchmarks may change, with the result that they may perform differently than in the past, or 
the benchmark could be eliminated entirely, or there could be other consequences that cannot 
be predicted. The disappearance of a "benchmark" or changes in the manner of administration 
of a "benchmark" could require or result in adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (as described in Base Condition 3(q) (Benchmark 
replacement) or Condition (r) (U.S. dollar LIBOR replacement)) or result in adverse 
consequences to holders of any securities linked to such benchmark. Furthermore, even prior 
to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates 
and as to potential changes to such benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark during 
the term of the relevant Notes, the return on the relevant Notes and the trading market for 
securities based on the same benchmark. 
The Conditions of the Notes provide that, if the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation 
Agent) determines that a Benchmark Event (as defined in the Conditions) has occurred, the 
Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser for the purposes of 
determining a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate (as further described in 
Condition 3(q) (Benchmark replacement) and, if applicable, an Adjustment Spread. If the 
Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the Independent Adviser and the Issuer 
cannot agree upon, or cannot select, the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate, the 
Issuer may determine the replacement rate, provided that if the Issuer is unable or unwilling to 
determine the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate, the further fallbacks described 
in the Conditions shall apply. In certain circumstances, including but not limited to where the 
Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine an Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative 
Relevant Screen Page, the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of interest for a 
particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest of the last preceding Interest Period 
being used. This may result in effective application of a fixed rate of interest for Notes initially 
designated to be Floating Rate Notes. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the

--- Page 62 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 62 - 
47-41009328 
 
availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Reference Rates and the involvement of an 
Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the 
relevant time. 
The use of a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate may result in interest payments 
that are substantially lower than or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the payments 
that could have been made on the Notes if the relevant benchmark remained available in its 
current form. Furthermore, if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the 
Issuer fails to agree a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate or adjustment spread, 
if applicable with the Independent Adviser, the Issuer may have to exercise its discretion to 
determine (or to elect not to determine) an Alternative Benchmark Rate or adjustment spread, 
if applicable in a situation in which it is presented with a conflict of interest. In addition, while 
any Adjustment Spread may be expected to be designed to eliminate or minimise any potential 
transfer of value between counterparties, the application of the Adjustment Spread to the Notes 
may not do so and may result in the Notes performing differently (which may include payment 
of a lower interest rate) than they would do if the Reference Rate were to continue to apply in 
its current form. Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of 
and return on any such Notes. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant 
change to the setting or existence of any relevant reference rate could affect the ability of the 
Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the 
value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Notes. Investors should consider these 
matters when making their investment decision with respect to the relevant Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about 
the potential risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation reforms, investigations and 
licensing issues in making any investment decision with respect to the Notes linked to a 
"benchmark" since the rate of interest will be changed in ways which may be adverse to holders 
of such Notes, without any requirement that the consent of such holders be obtained. 
(D) 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, 
exchange rate risk, interest rate risk and credit risk that may be relevant in connection with an 
investment in Notes: 
(i) 
The secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a 
market does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell 
their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes 
that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific 
investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements 
of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited 
secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may 
have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
The Issuer has no obligation to purchase the Notes from the Noteholders. However, should the 
Issuer decide to purchase the Notes, the secondary market pricing that the Issuer may provide 
on the Notes may reflect the unwinding cost of the hedging portfolio (if any) and/or the loss of 
profit (lucro cessante) related to such hedging portfolio.

--- Page 63 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 63 - 
47-41009328 
 
(ii) 
Specific Buy Back Provisions 
If Specific Buy Back Provisions is specified as being applicable to the Notes in the relevant 
Final Terms, investors should be aware that Mediobanca and/or Mediobanca International have 
issued the Notes also for the purpose of entering into, from time to time, in certain Underlying 
Transactions. In this respect, the value of the Notes shall reflect and shall be calculated on the 
basis of the Market Value of such Underlying Transactions. The composition of the Underlying 
Transaction will be made available to the investors in accordance with the method of 
publication indicated in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Underlying Transactions will be selected from time to time by the Calculation Agent in its 
reasonable discretion with maturities and notional that can be larger, respectively, than the 
Maturity Date and Notional Amount of the relevant Notes, and the relevant composition is 
subject to change during the life of the Notes. Any changes in the composition of the 
Underlying Transactions (including any possible funding arrangement and/or coupon swap) 
could adversely affect the Market Value of the Underlying Transactions and, therefore, the 
value of the Notes. 
The Market Value of the Underlying Transactions, as determined by Mediobanca and/or 
Mediobanca International, acting in its capacity as Calculation Agent, in a fair and 
commercially reasonable manner and with reference to the market, could adversely affect the 
repurchase price, if any, of the Notes. Therefore in the event that an investor requests the Issuer 
to repurchase the Notes hold by it prior to their maturity, and the Issuer accepts such repurchase, 
the price of the Notes (Buy Back Price) will be a price that perfectly reflects the Market Value 
of such Underlying Transactions. 
The Specific Buy Back Provisions shall not affect the right of the investors to receive timely 
payments of principal and interest and performance of any non-cash delivery obligations on 
the Notes. As consideration of the Issuer entering into the Underlying Transactions in relation 
to the Notes, the Issuer will pay an Extra Yield on the Notes. 
The Specific Buy Back Provisions shall apply only to Notes issued by Mediobanca and/or 
Mediobanca International and where Mediobanca and/or Mediobanca International act as 
Dealers and where the Notional Amount of the Notes is equal to, at least, Euro 100,000 (or its 
equivalent amount if issued in a different currency). 
(iii) 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest, if any, on the Notes in the Relevant Currency or, if 
Dual Currency Notes are specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the Issuer will pay 
principal and/or interest on the Notes in a currency different to the Relevant Currency (the 
"Payment Currency"). This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an 
investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the 
"Investor's Currency") other than the Relevant Currency and/or, as applicable, the Payment 
Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including 
changes due to devaluation of the Relevant Currency and/or, as applicable, the Payment 
Currency, or revaluation of the Investor's Currency or due to the official redenomination of the 
Relevant Currency and/or, as applicable, the Payment Currency and/or Investor's Currency) 
and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over Relevant Currency and/or the Investor's 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the 
Investor's Currency relative to the Relevant Currency and/or, as applicable, the Payment

--- Page 64 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 64 - 
47-41009328 
 
Currency would decrease (i) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the 
Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the 
Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. Government and monetary 
authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could adversely 
affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest, principal or 
other amount than expected, or no interest or principal or other amount. 
(iv) 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional 
factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating 
is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the 
rating agency at any time. 
(v) 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and 
regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should 
consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (i) Notes are legal 
investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (iii) 
other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Each prospective investor should 
consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment 
of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
(vi) 
Impact of implicit fees on the Issue/Offer Price 
Investors should note that implicit fees (e.g. placement fees, direction fees, structuring fees) 
may be a component of the Issue/Offer Price of Notes, but such fees will not be taken into 
account for the purposes of determining the price of the relevant Notes in the secondary market. 
The Issuer will specify in the relevant Final Terms the type and amount of any implicit fees 
which are applicable from time to time. 
Investors should also take into consideration that if Notes are sold on the secondary market 
immediately following the offer period relating to such Notes, the implicit fees included in the 
Issue/Offer Price on initial subscription for such Notes will be deducted from the price at which 
such Notes may be sold in the secondary market. 
(vii) 
Certain considerations associated with public offers of Notes 
If Notes are distributed by means of a public offer, under certain circumstances indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Issuer and/or other entities specified in the Final Terms may have the 
right to withdraw the offer, which in such circumstances will be deemed to be null and void 
according to the terms indicated in the relevant Final Terms. 
In such case, investors who have already paid or delivered subscription monies for the relevant 
Notes will be entitled to reimbursement of such amounts, but will not receive any interest that 
may have accrued in the period between their payment or delivery of subscription monies and 
the reimbursement of the Notes. 
(viii) Possible Illiquidity of the Notes in the Secondary Market

--- Page 65 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 65 - 
47-41009328 
 
It is not possible to predict the price at which Notes will trade in the secondary market or 
whether such market will be liquid or illiquid. The Issuer may, but is not obliged to, list or 
admit to trading Notes on a stock exchange or market. If the Notes are not listed or admitted to 
trading on any exchange or market, pricing information for the Notes may be more difficult to 
obtain and the liquidity of the Notes may be adversely affected. If the Issuer does list or admit 
to trading an issue of Notes, there can be no assurance that at a later date, the Notes will not be 
delisted or that trading on such exchange or market will not be suspended. In the event of a 
delisting or suspension of listing or trading on a stock exchange or market, the Issuer will use 
its reasonable efforts to list or admit to trading the Notes on another exchange or market. 
The Issuer, or any of its Affiliates may, but is not obliged to, at any time purchase Notes at any 
price in the open market or by tender or private agreement. Any Notes so purchased may be 
held or resold or surrendered for cancellation. The Issuer or any of its Affiliates may, but is not 
obliged to, be a market-maker for an issue of Notes. Even if the Issuer or such other entity is a 
market-maker for an issue of Notes, the secondary market for such Notes may be limited. 
Investors should note that if an entity is appointed as market-maker or liquidity provider with 
respect to the Notes in the secondary market, this may, in certain circumstances, affect the price 
of the Notes in the secondary market. 
In addition, all or part of the Notes issued under this Programme may be subscribed upon 
issuance by the Issuer itself or by its Affiliate(s) for resale thereafter on the basis of investors' 
demand. Accordingly, investors subscribing for Notes upon their issuance should be aware that 
there may not be a viable secondary market for the relevant Notes immediately. Even if a 
market does develop subsequently, it may not be very liquid. 
(ix) 
Listing of Notes 
In respect of Notes which are (in accordance with the applicable Final Terms) to be listed on a 
stock exchange, market or quotation system, the Issuer shall use all reasonable endeavours to 
maintain such listing, provided that if it becomes impracticable or unduly burdensome or 
unduly onerous to maintain such listing, then the Issuer may apply to de-list the relevant Notes, 
although in this case it will use all reasonable endeavours to obtain and maintain (as soon as 
reasonably practicable after the relevant de-listing) an alternative admission to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by a stock exchange, market or quotation system within or outside the 
European Union, as it may decide. 
If such an alternative admission is not available or is, in the opinion of the Issuer, impracticable 
or unduly burdensome, an alternative admission will not be obtained.

--- Page 66 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 66 - 
47-41009328 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and form part of, 
this Base Prospectus: 
 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements as at and for the years ended 30 
June 2020 and 2019 of Mediobanca; 
 
the audited non-consolidated annual financial statements as at and for the years ended 
30 June 2020 and 2019 of Mediobanca International;  
 
the un-audited consolidated half-yearly financial statements as at and for the period 
ended 31 December 2020 of Mediobanca, 
in the case of the above-mentioned financial statements, together with the accompanying notes 
and (where applicable) auditors' reports, save that any statement contained in this Base 
Prospectus or in any of the documents incorporated by reference in, and forming part of, this 
Base Prospectus shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base 
Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in any document subsequently incorporated 
by reference by way of supplement prepared in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation modifies or supersedes such statement. Where only certain sections of a document 
referred to above are incorporated by reference to this Base Prospectus, the parts of the 
document which are not incorporated by reference are either not relevant for prospective 
investors or are covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuers will provide, without charge to each person to whom a copy of this Base Prospectus 
has been delivered, upon the request of such person, a copy (by electronic means, unless such 
person requests hard copy) of any or all the documents deemed to be incorporated by reference 
herein unless such documents have been modified or superseded as specified above, in which 
case the modified or superseded version of such document will be provided. Request for such 
documents should be directed to the Issuers at their offices set out at the end of this Base 
Prospectus. In addition, such documents will be available, without charge, at the principal 
office of the Paying Agent in Luxembourg and on the Mediobanca's website at the following 
link 
(https://www.mediobanca.com/en/investor-relations/results-presentations/results.html) 
and on the Mediobanca International's website (https://www.mediobancaint.lu/en/investor-
documentation.html). 
The following table shows where some of the information incorporated by reference can be 
found in the above-mentioned documents. Information contained in those documents other than 
the information listed below does not form part of this Base Prospectus and is either not relevant 
or covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 67 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 67 - 
47-41009328 
 
Cross-reference list in respect of the Mediobanca and Mediobanca International financial 
statements 
Mediobanca - Consolidated annual financial statements 
 
2020 
2019 
Consolidated Balance sheet 
 
Pages 100-101 
Pages 86-87 
Consolidated Profit and Loss Account  
Consolidated Comprehensive Profit and Loss Account 
 
 
Pages 102  
Pages 103 
Pages 88 
Pages 89  
Statement of changes in Consolidated Net Equity 
 
Pages 104-105  
Pages 90-91  
Consolidated Cash flow Statement Direct Method 
 
Page 106 
Pages 92  
Notes to the accounts 
Pages 112-364 
Pages 98-345 
Auditors’ reports  
Pages 449-459 
Pages 376-385 
 
Mediobanca International - Non-Consolidated annual financial statements 
 
2020 
2019 
Statement of financial position 
 
Pages 36-37 
Pages 40-41 
Statement of comprehensive income 
 
Pages 38  
Page 42  
Statement of changes in equity 
 
Pages 39-40  
Pages 43-44  
Cash flow statement 
 
Page 41  
Pages 45-46  
Accounting policies and explanatory notes  
Pages 43-151 
Pages 48-176  
Auditors’ reports  
Pages 29-34 
Pages 33-38  
 
Mediobanca - Consolidated half-yearly financial statements 
 
2020 
Consolidated Balance sheet 
 
Pages 78-79 
Consolidated Profit and Loss Account  
Page 80 
Consolidated Comprehensive Profit and Loss Account 
Page 81 
Statement of changes in Consolidated Net Equity 
Pages 82-83  
Consolidated Cash flow Statement Direct Method 
Page 84 
Notes to the accounts 
Pages 87-290

--- Page 68 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 68 - 
47-41009328 
 
 
SUPPLEMENTS AND FURTHER PROSPECTUSES 
The Issuers will update this Base Prospectus by preparing a replacement prospectus, setting 
out the changes in the operations and financial conditions of the Issuers, at least every year 
after the date of this Base Prospectus and each subsequent Base Prospectus. 
The Issuers have given an undertaking to the Dealers that if at any time during the duration of 
the Programme there is a significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of 
the Notes, they shall prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base 
Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering of the Notes and shall supply to 
each Dealer a number of copies of such supplement as a Dealer may reasonably request. 
In addition, the Issuers and the Guarantor may agree with any Dealer to issue Notes in a form 
not contemplated in Part 2 of Chapter 2 in the section entitled "General form of Final Terms 
for Notes". To the extent that the information relating to that Tranche of Notes constitutes a 
significant new factor in relation to the information contained in this Base Prospectus, a 
separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (a "Drawdown Prospectus") will be made 
available and will contain such information. Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted 
either (1) by a single document containing the necessary information relating to the relevant 
Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor and the relevant Notes or (2) by a single document 
setting out the necessary information relating to the Notes and incorporating by reference this 
Base Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus, references in this Base Prospectus to information specified or identified in the Final 
Terms shall (unless the context requires otherwise) be read and construed as information 
specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus.

--- Page 69 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 69 - 
47-41009328 
 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
Temporary or Permanent Global Note 
Unless otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms, each Tranche of Notes will initially be 
in the form of either a temporary global note (a "Temporary Global Note"), without Coupons, 
or a permanent global note (a "Permanent Global Note"), without Coupons, in each case as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, 
Permanent Global Note (each a "Global Note") which is not intended to be issued in a new 
global note form (a "Classic Global Note" or "CGN"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
will be deposited on or around the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a 
depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. ("Euroclear") and/or 
Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream Luxembourg" or "CBL") and/or any other relevant 
clearing system and/or deposited directly with Monte Titoli S.p.A. and/or any other centralised 
custodian appointed by the Issuers (together, the "Centralised Custodian") and each Global 
Note which is intended to be issued in new global note form (a "New Global Note" or "NGN"), 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the Issue Date of the 
relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream 
Luxembourg. 
On 13 June 2006, the European Central Bank (the "ECB") announced that Notes in NGN form 
are in compliance with the "Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB 
credit operations" of the central banking system for the euro (the "Eurosystem"), provided that 
certain other criteria are fulfilled (including denomination in euro and listing on an EU 
regulated market or on an ECB-approved non-regulated market). At the same time the ECB 
also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be offered by Euroclear and 
Clearstream Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and the debt securities in global bearer form 
issued through Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be 
eligible as collateral for Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used (and if the above-
mentioned other criteria are fulfilled). 
The relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "TEFRA C Rules") or United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "TEFRA D Rules") are applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the Notes 
do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA 
D Rules are applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a 
Temporary Global Note without Coupons or Receipts (as defined herein), interests in which 
will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without 
Coupons, not earlier than 40 days after the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon 
certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. No payments will be made under the 
Temporary Global Note unless exchange for interests in the Permanent Global Note is 
improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot 
be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a 
Permanent Global Note, the relevant Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the

--- Page 70 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 70 - 
47-41009328 
 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Permanent Global Note to the bearer of 
the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent exchange) an increase in the 
principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms against: 
(a) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Note 
to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent; and 
(b) 
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership, 
within seven days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
The principal amount of the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of the 
principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership, provided, 
however, that in no circumstances shall the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note 
exceed the initial principal amount of the Temporary Global Note. 
The Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Notes in 
definitive form ("Definitive Notes"): 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the 
Permanent Global Note", then if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream Luxembourg or any other 
relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other 
than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease 
business or (b) any of the circumstances described in Base Condition 8 (Events of 
Default) of the Base Terms and Conditions of the Notes occurs. 
Where interests in the Permanent Global Note are to be exchanged for Definitive Notes in the 
circumstances described in (i) and (ii) above, Notes may only be issued in denominations which 
are integral multiples of the minimum denomination and may only be traded in such amounts, 
whether in global or definitive form. As an exception to the above rule, where the Permanent 
Global Note may only be exchanged in the limited circumstances described in (iii) above, Notes 
may be issued in denominations which represent the aggregate of a minimum denomination of 
Euro 100,000, plus integral multiples of Euro 1,000, provided that such denominations are not 
less than Euro 100,000 nor more than Euro 199,000. For the avoidance of doubt, each holder 
of Notes of such denominations will, upon exchange for Definitive Notes, receive Definitive 
Notes in an amount equal to its entitlement to the principal amount represented by the 
Permanent Global Note. However, a Noteholder who holds an aggregate principal amount of 
less than the minimum denomination may not receive a Definitive Note and would need to 
purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding is an integral multiple of the 
minimum denomination. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the relevant 
Issuer shall procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, 
duly authenticated and with Coupons, Talons and Receipts attached (if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the

--- Page 71 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 71 - 
47-41009328 
 
Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the 
Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 45 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable 
or that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will 
initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note, without Coupons, interests in which will 
be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after 
the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, 
then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note, without Coupons or 
Receipts, interests in which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive Notes not 
earlier than 40 days after the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification 
as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be 
collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Where the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, Notes may only be 
issued in denominations which are integral multiples of the minimum denomination and may 
only be traded in such amounts, whether in global or definitive form. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the relevant 
Issuer shall procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, 
duly authenticated and with Coupons, Talons and Receipts (as defined herein) attached (if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the 
surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 45 days 
of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Permanent Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent 
Global Note, without Coupons or Receipts, interests in which will be exchangeable in whole, 
but not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the 
Permanent Global Note", then if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream Luxembourg or any other 
relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other 
than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease 
business or (b) any of the circumstances described in Base Condition 8 (Events of 
Default) of the Base Terms and Conditions of the Notes occurs.

--- Page 72 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 72 - 
47-41009328 
 
Where interests in the Permanent Global Note are to be exchanged for Definitive Notes in the 
circumstances described in (i) and (ii) above, Notes may only be issued in denominations which 
are integral multiples of the minimum denomination and may only be traded in such amounts, 
whether in global or definitive form. As an exception to the above rule, where the Permanent 
Global Note may only be exchanged in the limited circumstances described in (iii) above, Notes 
may be issued in denominations which represent the aggregate of a minimum denomination of 
Euro 100,000, plus integral multiples of Euro 1,000, provided that such denominations are not 
less than Euro 100,000 nor more than Euro 199,000. For the avoidance of doubt, each holder 
of Notes of such denominations will, upon exchange for Definitive Notes, receive Definitive 
Notes in an amount equal to its entitlement to the principal amount represented by the 
Permanent Global Notes. However, a Noteholder who holds an aggregate principal amount of 
less than the minimum denomination may not receive a Definitive Note and would need to 
purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding is an integral multiple of the 
minimum denomination. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the relevant 
Issuer shall procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, 
duly authenticated and with Coupons, Talons and Receipts attached (if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the 
Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the 
Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 45 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange. Where the Notes are listed on the Euronext Dublin and its rules so 
require, the Issuer will give notice of the exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive 
Notes pursuant to Base Condition 12 (Notices) of the Base Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and 
will consist of the base terms and conditions set out under "Base Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes" in Part 1 of Chapter 2, as completed by any additional Specific Terms and Conditions 
set out in Chapters 3 to 12 below and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which complete 
those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms 
and conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described 
under "Summary of Provisions relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in 
global form, the Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto 
will bear a legend to the following effect: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the 
United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 
1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code." 
The sections referred to in such legend provide that a United States person who holds a Note, 
Coupon, Talon or Receipt will generally not be allowed to deduct any loss realised on the sale, 
exchange or redemption of such Note, Coupon, Talon or Receipt and any gain (which might

--- Page 73 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 73 - 
47-41009328 
 
otherwise be characterised as capital gain) recognised on such sale, exchange or redemption 
will be treated as ordinary income. 
Book-entry form 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of the Notes as being "Book-entry form", then 
the Notes will not be represented by paper certificates and the transfer and exchange of Notes 
will take place exclusively through an electronic book-entry system managed by Monte Titoli 
S.p.A. or any other Centralised Custodian appointed by the Issuers. Accordingly, all Notes 
shall be deposited by their owners with an intermediary participant in the relevant Centralised 
Custodian. The intermediary will in turn deposit the Notes with the Centralised Custodian. 
To transfer an interest in the Notes, the transferor and the transferee are required to give 
instructions to their respective intermediaries. If the transferee is a client of the transferor's 
intermediary, the intermediary will simply transfer the Notes from the Transferor's account to 
the account of the transferee. If, however, the transferee is a client of another intermediary, the 
transferor's intermediary will instruct the centralised clearing system to transfer the Notes to 
the account of the transferee's intermediary, which will then register the Notes on the 
transferee's account. 
Each intermediary maintains a custody account for each of its clients. This account sets out the 
financial instruments of each client and the records of all transfers, interest payments, charges 
or other encumbrances on such instruments. The account holder or any other eligible party may 
submit a request to the intermediary for the issue of a certified account statement. 
In such circumstances, it will not be possible for a Noteholder to obtain physical delivery of 
Notes certificates representing the Notes.

--- Page 74 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 74 - 
47-41009328 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE STRUCTURED NOTE ISSUANCE 
PROGRAMME 
The following is a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation. 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is qualified by the remainder of 
this document and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Series (as defined 
below in the "Base Terms and Conditions of the Notes") of Notes, the applicable Specific Terms 
and Conditions and Final Terms. Subject as provided in the Base Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes as applicable, any of the following (including, without limitation, the type of Notes which 
may be issued pursuant to the Programme) may be varied or supplemented as agreed between 
the Issuer, the relevant Dealer(s) and the Fiscal Agent (if applicable). Words and expressions 
defined in the sections entitled "Form of the Notes", "Base Terms and Conditions of the Notes", 
"General Terms for the Credit Linked Notes" and the Specific Terms and Conditions set out in 
Chapters 3 to 13 below shall have the same meaning in this overview: 
Issuers: 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. and 
Mediobanca International (Luxembourg) S.A. 
Mediobanca - Banca di 
Credito Finanziario S.p.A.: 
Mediobanca was established on 10 April 1946 as a 
medium-term credit granting institution in Italy. In 1956 
Mediobanca's shares were admitted to the Italian Stock 
Exchange and since then its business has expanded both 
nationally and internationally. 
 
Mediobanca is registered at the Companies' Registry of the 
Chamber of Commerce of Milan, Italy under registration 
number 00714490158. Mediobanca's registered office is at 
Piazzetta E. Cuccia 1, 20121, Milan, Italy, telephone 
number (+39) 0288291. 
 
Mediobanca holds a banking license from the Bank of Italy 
authorising it to carry on all permitted types of banking 
activities in Italy. 
 
Mediobanca is a bank organised and existing under the 
laws of Italy, carrying out a wide range of banking, 
financial and related activities throughout Italy. 
 
At the date hereof, Mediobanca’s issued share capital 
totals Euro 443,616,723.50, represented by 887,233,446 
registered shares of a nominal value of Euro 0.50. 
 
The Board of Directors of Mediobanca is responsible for 
the 
ordinary 
and 
extraordinary 
management 
of 
Mediobanca. 
Mediobanca International 
(Luxembourg) S.A.: 
Mediobanca International has the form of a société 
anonyme subject to Luxembourg law and has its place of 
registration in Luxembourg. On 15 December 2005 the 
Luxembourg Minister of the Treasury and the Budget, on

--- Page 75 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 75 - 
47-41009328 
 
the recommendation of the CSSF, granted Mediobanca 
International a full banking license pursuant to which its 
operations include raising funds in the international 
markets and lending, consistent with Mediobanca 
International's articles of association approved by the 
shareholders in the general meeting held on 21 December 
2005. 
 
Mediobanca 
International 
is 
registered 
with 
the 
Luxembourg trade and companies registry under 
registration number B 112885. Mediobanca International's 
registered office is at 4 Boulevard Joseph II, L-1840 
Luxembourg. 
 
As at 30 June 2020, Mediobanca International's issued and 
authorised fully paid share capital totals Euro 10,000,000 
represented by 1,000,000 registered shares of Euro 10 par 
value. 
 
The Board of Directors of Mediobanca International is 
responsible for setting authorisation levels, defining 
organisational structure, defining the system of internal 
control and reviewing it on a regular basis, and approving 
the bank's accounts and interim statements. Day-to-day 
management is entrusted to two managing directors. 
Guarantor: 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. (with 
respect to Notes issued by Mediobanca International 
(Luxembourg) S.A.) 
Description: 
Structured Note Issuance Programme. 
Arranger: 
Mediobanca Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Dealers: 
MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
 
Each of the Issuers may from time to time terminate the 
appointment of any dealer under the Programme or appoint 
additional dealers either in respect of a single Tranche or 
in respect of the whole Programme. 
Fiscal Agent: 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch, 
will act as Fiscal Agent in respect of the Notes except for 
Notes in dematerialised form which are deposited directly 
with Monte Titoli S.p.A. ("Monte Titoli"). 
Italian Paying Agent: 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. will act 
as Italian Paying Agent with respect to Notes in 
dematerialised form deposited directly with Monte Titoli 
(which role will include the role of Fiscal Agent with 
respect to such Notes).

--- Page 76 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 76 - 
47-41009328 
 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations 
and directives, Notes may be denominated in any currency 
or currencies as the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (where 
applicable), and the relevant Dealer so agree (the Relevant 
Currency) including, without limitation, Australian 
dollars, Canadian Dollars, Danish kroner, Euro, Hong 
Kong dollars, Japanese yen, New Zealand dollars, 
Norwegian krone, South Africa rand, Sterling, Swedish 
kronor, Swiss francs and U.S. dollars (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms). If the Notes are specified to be 
Dual Currency Interest Notes and/or Dual Currency 
Redemption Notes in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer will pay principal and/or interest on the Notes in a 
currency different to the Relevant Currency (the Payment 
Currency). 
Maturities/Final Redemption: 
Such maturities as may be specified by the Issuer, subject 
to such minimum or maximum maturities as may be 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the Issuer or the Relevant 
Currency, or, if the Notes are specified to be Dual Currency 
Redemption Notes in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Payment Currency. 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as 
provided in accordance with Base Condition 4(e) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) or Base Condition 
4(f) (Redemption at the option of holders of Notes) or Base 
Condition 4(o) (Automatic Early Redemption) (if specified 
as being applicable in the Final Terms) of the Base Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes, (a) each Note that is not a 
Physical Delivery Note will be redeemed at its Final 
Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date (b) and each 
Note that is a Physical Delivery Note will be redeemed by 
delivery of the Entitlement on the Maturity Date. 
 
Any Notes in respect of which the issue proceeds are 
received by the relevant Issuer in the United Kingdom and 
which have a maturity of less than one year from the date 
of issue must (a) have a minimum redemption value of 
£ 100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and be 
issued only to persons whose ordinary activities involve 
them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, 
hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of their businesses or (b) be issued 
in other circumstances which do not constitute a

--- Page 77 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 77 - 
47-41009328 
 
contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 by the relevant Issuer. 
Denomination: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to 
compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory 
and/or central bank requirements and save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading 
on a regulated market within the European Economic Area 
or offered to the public in a Member State of the European 
Economic Area in circumstances which require the 
publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation will be € 1,000 (or where the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amount in such other currency). 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes may be issued on a syndicated or non-
syndicated basis. The Notes will be issued in one or more 
Series (which may be issued on the same date or which 
may be issued in more than one Tranche on different 
dates). The Notes may be issued in Tranches on a 
continuous basis with no minimum issue size, subject to 
compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and 
directives. Further Notes may be issued as part of an 
existing Series. 
Consolidation of Notes: 
Notes of one series may be consolidated with Notes of 
another Series, all as described in Base Condition 11 
(Further Issues and Consolidation) of the Base Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes. 
Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued either (i) 
pursuant to this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final 
Terms or (ii) pursuant to a Drawdown Prospectus. The 
terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche 
of Notes are the Base Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
as completed by the relevant Specific Terms and 
Conditions relating to the relevant type of Notes and 
completed by the relevant Final Terms or, as the case may 
be, the relevant Drawdown Prospectus. 
References in this General Description of the Structured 
Note Issuance Programme to the "Final Terms" shall, 
where applicable, be read as references to the Drawdown 
Prospectus relating to the Notes, as the case may be. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes may be issued in bearer form only. 
If the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes, 
the relevant Final Terms will specify whether each Global 
Note is to be issued in New Global Note or in Classic

--- Page 78 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 78 - 
47-41009328 
 
Global Note form. Each Tranche of Notes will initially be 
represented by a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent 
Global Note which, in each case, will be deposited on or 
around the Issue Date: (a) in the case of Notes intended to 
be issued in Classic Global Note form, with a common 
depositary on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system 
and/or deposited directly with Monte Titoli S.p.A. and/or 
any other centralised custodian appointed by the Issuers 
(together, the "Centralised Custodian") and (b) in the 
case of Notes intended to be issued in New Global Note 
form, with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream Luxembourg. No interest will be payable in 
respect of a Temporary Global Note except as described 
under "Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while 
in Global Form". 
 
Interests in Temporary Global Notes will be exchangeable 
for interests in Permanent Global Notes or, if so stated in 
the relevant Final Terms for Definitive Notes after the date 
falling 40 days after the Issue Date upon certification as to 
non-U.S. beneficial ownership. If specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, interests in Permanent Global Notes will be 
exchangeable for definitive Notes as described under 
"Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in 
Global Form". Definitive Notes will, if interest-bearing, 
have interest Coupons attached and, if appropriate, a Talon 
for further Coupons and will, if the principal thereof is 
repayable by installments, have payment Receipts 
attached. 
If the Notes are issued and held in book-entry form, the 
Notes will not be represented by paper certificates and the 
transfer and exchange of Notes will take place exclusively 
through an electronic book-entry system managed by 
Monte Titoli S.p.A. or any other Centralised Custodian 
appointed by the Issuers. Accordingly, all Notes of the 
same tranche shall be deposited by their owners with an 
intermediary participant in the relevant Centralised 
Custodian. The intermediary will in turn deposit the Notes 
with the Centralised Custodian. 
In such circumstances, it will not be possible for a 
Noteholder to obtain physical delivery of certificates 
representing the Notes. 
Issue Price of the Notes: 
Issue Price will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Notes may be issued at their principal amount or at a 
discount or premium to their principal amount. 
Type of Notes: 
The Issuer may issue Notes of any kind, including but not 
limited to, Share Linked Notes, Index Linked Notes, Fund 
Linked Notes, Credit Linked Notes, Inflation Linked

--- Page 79 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 79 - 
47-41009328 
 
Notes, Commodity Linked Notes, Interest Rate Linked 
Notes, Dual Currency Notes and FX Linked Notes. Such 
Notes may bear interest at a fixed rate, or floating rate or 
structured rate or a combination of such rates. 
Notes will be redeemed by way of cash payment or by 
physical delivery ("Physical Delivery Notes") of certain 
asset(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Share Linked Notes, Index 
Linked Notes, Fund Linked 
Notes, Commodity Linked 
Notes, Inflation Linked Notes, 
Debt Linked Notes, Interest 
Rate Linked Notes, Dual 
Currency Notes or FX Linked 
Notes: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Share 
Linked Notes, Index Linked Notes, Fund Linked Notes, 
Commodity Linked Notes, Debt Linked Notes, Dual 
Currency Notes or FX Linked Notes linked to, as the case 
may be (i) a share or basket of shares, (ii) index (or basket 
of indices), (iii) fund (or basket of funds), (iv) commodity 
(or basket of commodities), inflation index, (vi) debt 
instruments (or basket of debt instruments), (vii) interest 
rate or yield (or basket of interest rates or basket of yields), 
(viii) a currency exchange rate or (ix) a foreign exchange 
rate will specify the basis for calculating the amounts of 
principal payable, which may be by reference to a share, 
index, fund level, commodity, debt instrument, interest rate 
or foreign exchange rate. 
Credit Linked Notes: 
Payments of principal and/or interest (if any) in respect of 
Credit Linked Notes, which may be issued by any Issuer, 
will depend on whether or not a specified "Credit Event" 
occurs in respect of one or more specified "Reference 
Entities" and/or the obligations of any of such Reference 
Entities. Following the occurrence of a Credit Event, 
Credit Linked Notes may either be cash settled or 
physically settled by delivery of bonds or other qualifying 
obligations of the defaulted Reference Entity, as indicated 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
If the relevant Final Terms specify Credit Participation 
Factor as applicable, determination of amounts due under 
the Credit Linked Notes may be subject, inter alia, to a 
participation factor. In such circumstances the relevant 
calculation will not be made only by reference to the value 
of the relevant Reference Entity and the application of such 
feature may result in the calculation being subject to 
increasing or decreasing the amount that would otherwise 
have been calculated had no such feature been applicable. 
Drawdowns of this product include: Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes (where Noteholders take the credit risk of a 
single named Reference Entity), Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Notes (where Noteholders take the credit risk in 
respect of two or more Reference Entities in a basket of 
Reference Entities and where the Notes will redeem in part

--- Page 80 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 80 - 
47-41009328 
 
if a Credit Event occurs in respect of any Reference Entity 
in the basket), Tranche Notes (where Noteholders take the 
credit risk in respect of tranched notes with two or more 
Reference Entities within a basket of Reference Entities 
and may lose the entire value of their investment due to the 
event of defaults of one or more Reference Entities 
depending on the Attachment Point, Detachment Point 
and/or Cumulative Level), First-to-Default Credit Linked 
Notes (where Noteholders take the credit risk of the first to 
default among a basket of Reference Entities) and Nth-to-
Default Credit Linked Notes (where Noteholders take the 
credit risk of the Nth to default among a basket of Reference 
Entities). See "General Terms for Credit Linked Notes" in 
Chapter 6 of this Base Prospectus for the terms and 
conditions applicable to Credit Linked Notes issued under 
the Programme. 
Dual Currency Notes: 
Notes may be Dual Currency Interest Notes and/or Dual 
Currency Redemption Notes (together, Dual Currency 
Notes). Payments (whether in respect of interest and 
whether at maturity or otherwise) in respect of Dual 
Currency Notes will be made in such currencies, and based 
on such rates of exchange, as the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor (where applicable), and the relevant Dealer so 
agree. 
Interest Rate Switch and 
Switch Option: 
If Interest Rate Switch is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Notes will bear interest at a 
combination of rate(s) with different rate(s) being 
applicable for different periods as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. Each such rate will be determined 
in accordance with the provisions applicable to Structured 
Rate Interest, Fixed Rate Interest and/or Floating Rate 
Interest. 
If Switch Option is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Issuer may, at its option, change the 
Interest Basis of the Notes from Structured Rate to Fixed 
Rate or Floating Rate, from Fixed Rate to Floating Rate or 
form Floating Rate to Fixed Rate or as otherwise specified 
in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such period(s) 
as may be specified by the Issuer, upon prior notification 
of such change of interest to Noteholders. 
Physical Delivery Notes: 
In order to receive the relevant asset(s), a Noteholder must 
deliver an Asset Transfer Notice on or prior to a specified 
cut-off time and pay all taxes, duties and/or expenses 
arising from delivery of the relevant assets. For certain 
types of Notes, if certain disruption events occur on 
settlement, the relevant settlement date may be postponed 
and in certain circumstances the Issuer will be entitled to

--- Page 81 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 81 - 
47-41009328 
 
make payment of a cash amount in lieu of physical 
delivery. 
The Specific Terms and Conditions for Physical Delivery 
Notes will not apply in respect of the Credit Linked Notes 
(in respect of which physical settlement shall be governed 
by paragraph 5 of the General Terms for Credit Linked 
Notes). 
The Guarantee provides that, in the case of Physical 
Delivery Notes, the Guarantor will have the right to elect 
not to make physical delivery of the Entitlement, but rather 
to pay the Guaranteed Cash Settlement Amount as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Interest Rate: 
A structured rate of interest will be payable in arrears on 
the date or dates in each year specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and will be calculated by reference to the Reference 
Item in accordance with the relevant structured rate 
formula as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Where applicable, (i) fixed rates of interest will be also 
payable in arrears on the date or dates in each year 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, and/or (ii) floating 
rates of interest will be also payable in arrears on the date 
or dates in each year specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and will be calculated by reference to the benchmark as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms as adjusted 
for any applicable margin/multiplier 
Interest Periods and Interest 
Rates for the Notes: 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the 
applicable interest rate or its method of calculation may 
differ from time to time or be constant for any Series. Notes 
may have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest 
rate, or both. The use of interest accrual periods permits the 
Notes to bear interest at different rates in the same interest 
period. 
Redemption Amount for the 
Notes: 
Notes may be redeemable at par or at such other Final 
Redemption Amount as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, including a Final Redemption Amount 
calculated by reference to (i) a share or basket of shares, 
(ii) index (or basket of indices), (iii) fund (or basket of 
funds), (iv) inflation index, (v) commodity (or basket of 
commodities), (vi) debt instrument (or basket of debt 
instruments), (vii) interest rate (or basket of interest rates), 
(viii) a currency exchange rate or (ix) a foreign exchange 
rate.

--- Page 82 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 82 - 
47-41009328 
 
Redemption by Installments 
for the Notes: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes 
which are redeemable in two or more installments will set 
out the date on which, and the amounts in which, such 
Notes may be redeemed. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes are issued on an unsubordinated basis. The 
Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and unsecured obligations of the relevant Issuer and will 
rank at all times at least pari passu without any preference 
among themselves and equally with all other present and 
future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
relevant Issuer, save for certain mandatory exceptions of 
applicable law. See Base Condition 2(a) (Status of Notes) 
of the Base Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
Guarantee: 
Under the Deed of Guarantee, and in accordance with the 
terms and subject to the limitations thereof, Mediobanca 
unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees payment of all 
amounts due and the performance of any non-cash delivery 
obligations in respect of Notes issued by Mediobanca 
International. Pursuant to the Guarantee, the Guarantor has 
the right to elect not to deliver or procure the delivery of 
any entitlement to holders of Notes, but in lieu thereof to 
pay a cash amount. See also Base Condition 2(b) (Status of 
Guarantee) of the Base Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes. 
Status of the Guarantee: 
The payment obligations of the Guarantor under the Deed 
of Guarantee constitute – in accordance with the terms and 
subject to the limitations thereof – direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the 
Guarantor which will rank at all times at least pari passu 
without any preference among themselves and equally 
with all other present and future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor, save for 
certain mandatory exceptions of applicable law. See also 
Base Condition 2(b) (Status of Guarantee) of the Base 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes. In particular, pursuant 
to the Deed of Guarantee, to the extent the Guarantor is 
incorporated in the Republic of Italy and to the extent 
under the applicable law in force at the relevant time a cap 
to the maximum amount to be guaranteed is required, the 
Guarantor shall only be liable up to an amount which is the 
aggregate of 110 per cent. of the aggregate principal 
amount of any Tranche of the Notes (in each case as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) and 110 per cent. 
of the interest on such Notes accrued but not paid as at any 
date on which the Guarantor's liability falls to be 
determined. In addition, pursuant to the Deed of 
Guarantee, the Guarantor has also undertaken to issue an 
additional guarantee in an amount equal to any liability

--- Page 83 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 83 - 
47-41009328 
 
exceeding the maximum amount mentioned above in 
relation to any Tranche of Notes. 
Cross Default: 
The Notes will contain a cross default in respect of 
indebtedness for borrowed money of the relevant Issuer 
and, where applicable, the Guarantor, as more fully set out 
in Base Condition 8 (Events of Default) of the Base Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes. 
Optional Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes 
will state whether such Notes may be redeemed before 
their stated maturity at the option of the relevant Issuer 
(either in whole or in part) and/or the Noteholders, and if 
so the terms applicable to such redemption and subject to 
all relevant legal and regulatory requirements. 
Tax Redemption: 
With respect to Notes, the relevant Final Terms will 
specify whether early redemption will be permitted for tax 
reasons as described in Base Condition 4(c) (Redemption 
for taxation reasons) of the Base Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes. 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of Notes, Receipts and Coupons 
by the Issuer or (as the case may be) the Guarantor under 
the Deed of Guarantee will be made without withholding 
or deduction for, or on account of, any taxes imposed by 
the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg or the Republic of Italy, 
as the case may be, unless such withholding or deduction 
is required by law. In that event, the Issuer or (as the case 
may be) the Guarantor will (save as provided in Base 
Condition 6 (Taxation) of the Base Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes) pay such additional amounts as will result in 
the holders of Notes, Receipts or Coupons receiving such 
amounts as they would have received in respect to Notes, 
Receipts or Coupons had no such withholding or deduction 
been required. 
However, as more fully set out in Base Condition 6 
(Taxation) of the Base Terms and Conditions of the Notes, 
neither the Issuer nor (as the case may be) the Guarantor 
will be liable to pay any additional amounts to holders of 
Notes, Receipts or Coupons in relation to any payment on 
any Note, Receipt or Coupon with respect to any 
withholding or deduction for or on account of, inter alia, 
(i) substitute tax (imposta sostitutiva) pursuant to Italian 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 (as 
subsequently 
amended, 
"Decree 
No. 
239"); 
(ii) 
withholding tax pursuant to Presidential Decree No. 600 of 
29 September 1973 ("Decree No. 600"), and (iii) 
withholding tax on Notes qualifying as atypical securities 
(titoli atipici) for Italian tax purposes, pursuant to Italian

--- Page 84 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 84 - 
47-41009328 
 
Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983 ("Decree No. 
512"). 
Rating: 
The rating of the Notes, if any, to be issued under the 
Programme will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to 
a Series of Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 (as amended by 
Regulation (EU) No. 513/2011) (the "CRA Regulation") 
will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. In general, 
European regulated investors are restricted from using a 
rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the European 
Union and registered under the CRA Regulation unless the 
rating is provided by a credit rating agency operating in the 
European Union before 7 June 2010 which has submitted 
an application for registration in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation and such registration is not refused. 
Governing Law: 
If it is specified in the Final Terms that English law is 
applicable to the Notes, the Notes and any contractual or 
non-contractual obligations arising from or connected with 
the Notes are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, English law, save that the status 
provisions applicable to the Notes and the contractual 
recognition of bail-in powers provisions, and any non 
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
such provisions, shall be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, Italian law (if the Notes are issued by 
Mediobanca) or Luxembourgish law (if the Notes are 
issued by Mediobanca International), as applicable. If it is 
specified in the Final Terms that Italian law is applicable 
to the Notes, the Notes will be governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, Italian law. For the 
avoidance of doubt, articles 470-3 to 470-19 of the 
Luxembourg law on commercial companies dated 10 
August 1915, as amended from time to time (the 
"Luxembourg Company Law") shall not apply. 
Approval of the Base 
Prospectus, Listing and 
Admission to Trading: 
The Central Bank of Ireland has approved this document 
as a base prospectus. Application has also been made for 
Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of the Euronext Dublin and 
to be listed on the Official List of the Euronext Dublin. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may 
be, on other or further stock exchanges or markets as may 
be agreed between the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor 
(where applicable) and the relevant Dealer in relation to

--- Page 85 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 85 - 
47-41009328 
 
the relevant Series. Notes which are neither listed nor 
admitted to trading on any market may also be issued. 
 
The Central Bank of Ireland has approved may, at the 
request of either Issuer, send to the competent authority of 
another European Economic Area Member State (i) a copy 
of this Base Prospectus; and (ii) an Attestation Certificate 
in accordance with Article 25(1) of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest 
(if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes 
and any other terms and conditions not contained herein 
which are applicable to each Tranche of Notes will be set 
out in the relevant Final Terms which, with respect to 
Notes to be listed on the Official List of the Euronext 
Dublin, will be delivered to the Euronext Dublin. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the 
relevant Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading 
and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Selling Restrictions: 
See "Plan of Distribution".

--- Page 86 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 86 - 
47-41009328 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE UNDERLYING 
The Notes may relate to the following Reference Items: 
 
a single share or a basket of shares; 
 
an index (including the proprietary index described in the Index Linked Conditions) or 
a basket of indices; 
 
units or shares (however described) in a single fund or a basket of funds; 
 
a single inflation index; 
 
a single commodity or a basket of commodities; 
 
a single currency or a basket of currencies; 
 
a single debt instrument or a basket of debt instruments; 
 
a single interest rate or yield or a basket of interest rates or yields; 
 
a single currency exchange rate; 
 
a single reference entity or a basket of reference entities. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify the relevant Reference Item and state where 
information on the relevant Reference Item, in particular on its past and future performance 
and on its volatility, can be obtained by electronic means, whether or not it can be obtained 
free of charge and whether or not the Issuer intends to provide further information on the 
relevant Reference Item.

--- Page 87 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 87 - 
47-41009328 
 
CHAPTER 2 – GENERAL PROVISIONS OF THE NOTES 
PART 1 – BASE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant 
Specific Terms and Conditions relating to the relevant type of Note as set out in Part 1 of 
Chapters 3 to 12 and as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will be endorsed on each Note 
in final form issued under the Programme. The terms and conditions applicable to any Notes 
in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which would apply to the Notes whilst 
in final form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions relating to the Notes while 
in Global Form" below. 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. ("Mediobanca"), Mediobanca International 
(Luxembourg) S.A. ("Mediobanca International") (each, an "Issuer" and, together, the 
"Issuers") have established a Structured Note Issuance Programme (the "Programme") for the 
issuance of structured notes (the "Notes"), guaranteed by Mediobanca (in its capacity as 
guarantor, the "Guarantor") in respect of Notes issued by Mediobanca International. 
The Notes are issued pursuant to an Issue and Paying Agency Agreement dated 12 March 2021, 
as amended or supplemented from time to time, (the "Issue and Paying Agency Agreement") 
between the Issuers, the Guarantor, BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch, as 
fiscal agent and principal paying agent (the "Fiscal Agent") and Mediobanca in its capacity as 
Italian paying agent (the "Italian Paying Agent" and together with the Fiscal Agent and any 
additional or other paying agents in respect of the Notes from time to time appointed, the 
"Paying Agents") and with the benefit of deeds of covenant dated 12 March 2021 (each, a 
"Deed of Covenant" and, together, the "Deeds of Covenant"), each of them executed by the 
relevant Issuer in respect of Notes issued by such Issuer. The Guarantor has, for the benefit of 
the holders of Notes issued by Mediobanca International from time to time, executed and 
delivered a deed of guarantee (the "Deed of Guarantee") dated 12 March 2021 under which it 
has guaranteed, in accordance with the terms and subject to limitations of the Deed of 
Guarantee, the due and punctual payment of the amounts due by Mediobanca International 
under the Notes and the Deed of Covenant as and when the same shall become due and payable 
(the "Guarantee of the Notes"). The holders of the Notes (as defined below), the holders of 
the interest coupons (the "Coupons") appertaining to interest bearing Notes and, where 
applicable in the case of such Notes, talons for further Coupons (the "Talons") and the holders 
of the installment receipts (the "Receipts") appertaining to the payment of principal by 
installments are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the Issue and Paying Agency 
Agreement applicable to them. 
Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and each Series may 
comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes. Each Tranche of Notes is the 
subject of final terms (the "Final Terms") which completes these terms and conditions (the 
"Base Conditions"). The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes 
are these Base Conditions as completed by the relevant specific terms and conditions relating 
to the relevant type of Note (the "Specific Conditions") and as completed by the relevant Final 
Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between these Base Conditions and the Specific 
Conditions, the Specific Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between 
these Base Conditions and the Specific Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the relevant 
Final Terms shall prevail. All subsequent references in these Base Conditions to "Notes" are 
to the Notes which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final 
Terms are available during normal business hours at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent,

--- Page 88 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 88 - 
47-41009328 
 
the initial Specified Office of which is set out below (the "Specified Office"). Certain 
provisions of these Base Conditions are summaries of the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement 
and are subject to their detailed provisions. 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will specify whether the Issuer is 
Mediobanca or Mediobanca International. In these Base Conditions, any reference to a statute 
or regulation shall be construed as a reference to such statute or regulation as the same may 
have been, or may from time to time be, amended or re-enacted. 
Copies of the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement, the Deeds of Covenant, the Deed of 
Guarantee and the Programme Manual (being a manual signed for the purposes of identification 
by the Issuers and the Fiscal Agent, containing suggested forms and operating procedures for 
the Programme, including the forms of the Notes in global and definitive form) are available 
for inspection at the specified office of the Paying Agent. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are issued in bearer form in the Denomination(s) and in the Relevant 
Currency shown in the Final Terms. For any Note, the applicable Final Terms may 
specify whether such Note is a Dual Currency Interest Note and/or Dual Currency 
Redemption Note (together, "Dual Currency Notes"). 
Notes are issued with Coupons (and where appropriate, a Talon) attached save in the 
case of Notes which do not bear interest in which case references to interest (other than 
in relation to interest due after the date specified in the Final Terms as the Maturity 
Date (as designed below), Coupons and Talons in these Base Conditions are not 
applicable. Any Note the principal amount of which is redeemable in installments is 
issued with one or more Receipts attached. 
Title to the Note and the Receipts, Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Except 
as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any 
Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as the 
absolute owner of such Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon, as the case may be, for the 
purpose of receiving payment thereof or on account thereof and for all other purposes, 
whether or not such Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon shall be overdue and 
notwithstanding any notice of ownership, theft or loss thereof or any writing thereon 
made by anyone. No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of 
any Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
In these Base Conditions, "holder" (in relation to a Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon) 
means the bearer of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon. All capitalised terms which 
are not defined in these Base Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the 
relevant Final Terms, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not 
applicable to the Notes. Those definitions will be endorsed on the definitive Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of the Notes as being "Book-entry form", 
the Notes will be in bearer form and will be held in dematerialised form (i) on behalf 
of the beneficial owners by Monte Titoli for the account of the relevant Dematerialised 
Accountholders or (ii) on behalf of the beneficial owners by such other Centralised 
Custodian on behalf of the relevant Dematerialised Accountholder as specified in the 
Final Terms. The Notes held in dematerialised form by Monte Titoli will at all times be

--- Page 89 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 89 - 
47-41009328 
 
evidenced by book-entries pursuant to the relevant provisions of Italian Legislative 
Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as subsequently amended and in accordance with 
the regulation issued jointly by the Bank of Italy and CONSOB on 13 August 2018, as 
subsequently amended and supplemented. No physical document of title will be issued 
in respect of the Notes. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
"Centralised Custodian" means Monte Titoli and any other centralised custodian 
appointed by the Issuers operating dematerialised securities trading systems. 
"Dematerialised Accountholder" means an accountholder with Monte Titoli and any 
other Centralised Custodian which has credited to its securities account with Monte 
Titoli and/or any other Centralised Custodian one or more entries in respect of the Notes 
held in book-entry form (except for Monte Titoli and/or any other Centralised 
Custodian in their capacity as an accountholder of another Clearing System) and each 
person whose name appears as being entitled to a Note in the books of a financial 
intermediary (being an Italian bank, dealer or agent authorised to maintain rewritten 
accounts on its clients). 
"Monte Titoli" means Monte Titoli S.p.A. 
2. 
STATUS OF NOTES AND GUARANTEE 
(a) 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes will constitute direct unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and will rank at all times at least pari passu without any 
preference among themselves and equally with all other present and future unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, save for certain mandatory exceptions of 
applicable law. 
(b) 
Status of Guarantee 
The Guarantee of the Notes constitutes direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Guarantor pursuant to the terms and conditions and subject 
to the limitations set out in the Deed of Guarantee which will rank at all times at least 
pari passu without any preference among themselves and equally with all other present 
and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor, save for certain 
mandatory exceptions of applicable law. 
As more fully set forth in the Guarantee, the Guarantor shall at all times have the right, 
at its sole and unfettered discretion, to elect not to deliver or procure delivery of the 
Entitlement to the holders of such Physical Delivery Notes when the same shall become 
due and deliverable, but in lieu thereof to pay an amount in cash equal to the Guaranteed 
Cash Settlement Amount. The "Guaranteed Cash Settlement Amount" in respect of 
each Note means an amount calculated pursuant to the terms of, or as specified in, the 
applicable Final Terms or, if not specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount 
equal to the fair market value of the Entitlement in respect of such Note on any date 
notified as such by the Guarantor to the Issuer and the Calculation Agent, less the cost 
to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates or agents of unwinding or adjusting any underlying or

--- Page 90 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 90 - 
47-41009328 
 
related hedging arrangements (including the cost of funding in respect of such hedging 
arrangements), all as determined by the Guarantor in its sole and absolute discretion. 
Any payment of the Guaranteed Cash Settlement Amount in lieu of the Entitlement 
shall constitute a complete discharge of the Guarantor's obligations in respect of such 
Physical Delivery Notes. 
3. 
INTEREST AND OTHER CALCULATIONS 
(a) 
Definitions 
In this Base Condition 3, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined 
terms shall have the meanings set out below. 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"Aggregate Nominal Amount" means in respect of a Series of Notes, on the Issue 
Date, the aggregate nominal amount of the notes of such Series specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and, on any date thereafter, such amount as reduced by any 
amortization or partial redemption on or prior to such date. 
"Autocall Condition" has the meaning specified in the Base Conditions 3(f)(xv). 
"Basket" means in respect of any Reference Item constituted by more than one item, 
the basket composed of Components in the relative proportions and/or numbers of 
Components specified in the Final Terms. 
"Benchmarks Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial 
instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds 
and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No. 
596/2014. 
"Broken Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Business Day" means a day which is both: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in any Additional Business Centre 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
either: (a) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than 
Euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial center of the 
country of the relevant Specified Currency; or (b) in relation to a sum payable 
in Euro, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (the TARGET2 System) is 
open.

--- Page 91 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 91 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Calculation Agent" means Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A., the 
Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant Final Terms as the party 
responsible for calculating the Interest Rate(s) and Interest Amount(s) and/or such other 
amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Calculation Amount" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"Cap" means the value specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"CMS" means the constant maturity swap rate specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Component" means in respect of any Reference Item constituted by a Basket, each 
component comprised in such Basket and specified in the Final Terms. 
"Component Weight" is the weight of the relevant Component comprised in the 
Basket as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period 
of time (the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in this 
Base Condition 3 or the relevant Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if "1/1" is specified, 1; 
(b) 
if "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is specified, the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made 
divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, 
the sum of (i) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (ii) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(c) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular 
Period during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum 
of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in 
the Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of 
(1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the 
number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in 
the next Regular Period divided by the product of (1) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year;

--- Page 92 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 92 - 
47-41009328 
 
(d) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 365; 
(e) 
if "Actual/360" is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360; 
(f) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 
is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(g) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 









360
30
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
Y
















360
30
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
Y








--- Page 93 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 93 - 
47-41009328 
 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in 
which case D2 will be 30; and 
(h) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, 
in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February but not the Termination Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in 
which case D2 will be 30. 
"EURIBOR" means the Euro-zone interbank offered rate specified as such in the Final 
Terms. 
"Final Interest Reference Level" means, with respect to, as the case may be, the 
Reference Item, Reference Item 1, Reference Item 2 or a Component comprised in the 
Basket, (i) if Averaging is not specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the 
Interest Settlement Price on the Final Interest Valuation Date, or (ii) if Averaging is 
specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the average of the Settlement Prices 
determined on each of the Final Valuation Dates. 
"Final Interest Valuation Date" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the date 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 









360
30
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
Y








--- Page 94 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 94 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"Floor" means the value specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Government Yield" means the yield of government securities specified as such in the 
Final Terms. 
"Initial Interest Reference Level" means, with respect to, as the case may be, the 
Reference Item, Reference Item 1, Reference Item 2 or a Component comprised in the 
Basket, (a) the Interest Settlement Price on the Initial Interest Valuation Date, or (b) the 
value indicated as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Initial Interest Valuation Date" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the date 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Accrual Date" means the dates specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, 
commencing on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date. 
"Interest Amount" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the interest amounts 
payable per Calculation Amount determined in accordance with Base Condition 3(j) 
(Calculations of Interest Amount). 
"Interest Barrier Level" means the value or the percentage specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Barrier Maximum Amount" means the amount specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Barrier Minimum Amount" means the amount specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Barrier Observation Date" means the date or the dates specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Barrier Observation Period" means the period specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Barrier Payment Date" means the date or the dates specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date or such other date as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Determination Date" means the date or the dates specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Participation Factor" means the multiplier specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms.

--- Page 95 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 95 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date or dates specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms, as 
the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention. 
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the following Interest Accrual 
Date and each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Accrual Date 
and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Accrual Date. 
"Interest Rate" means the rate of interest (expressed as a percentage per annum) 
determined in accordance with Base Condition 3(d) (Fixed Rate) or 3(e) (Floating Rate) 
(as the case may be). 
"Interest Rate Switch Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"Interest Settlement Price" means, with respect to a Component or a Reference Item, 
as the case may be, the value determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant date 
or dates in accordance with the Specific Conditions. 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions as amended and updated as at 
the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in 
the Final Terms) as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, 
Inc., a copy of which is available on the website of the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. (www.isda.org). 
"Issue Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Issue Price" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Italian Bail-in Power" means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, or 
suspension power existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, 
any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in the Republic of Italy, relating 
to (i) the transposition of the BRRD (in including, but not limited to, Legislative 
Decrees No. 180/2015 and 181/2015) as amended from time to time; and (ii) the 
instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation 
of a regulated entity (or other affiliate of such regulated entity) can be reduced, 
cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other securities, or other obligations of 
such regulated entity or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period). 
"LIBID" means the London interbank bid rate specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"LIBOR" means the London interbank offered rate specified as such in the Final 
Terms. 
"LIMEAN" means the London interbank mid-market rate specified as such in the Final 
Terms. 
"Linear Interpolation" means the straight-line interpolation by reference to two rates 
based on the Reference Rate or the ISDA Rate, as the case may be, one of which will 
be determined as if the Specified Duration were the period of time for which rates are 
available next shorter than the length of the affected Interest Period and the other of

--- Page 96 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 96 - 
47-41009328 
 
which will be determined as if the Specified Duration or the Designated Maturity, as 
the case may be, were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than 
the length of such Interest Period. 
"Luxembourg Bail-in Power" means any write-down, conversion, transfer, 
modification, or suspension power existing from time to time under, and exercised in 
compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in Luxembourg, 
(i) relating to the transposition of the BRRD (including, but not limited to, the 
Luxembourg law of 18 December 2015 relative aux mesures de résolution, 
d'assainissement et de liquidation des établissements de crédit et de certaines 
enterprises d'investissement ainsi qu'aux systèmes de garantie des dépôts et 
d'indemnisation des investisseurs, as amended from time to time (the "Luxembourg 
BRRD Law"), (ii) relating to the SRM Regulation or (iii) otherwise arising under 
Luxembourg law and (iv) in each case, the instruments, rules and standards created 
thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of a regulated entity or other affiliate of 
such regulated entity) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, 
other securities, or other obligations of such regulated entity or any other person (or 
suspended for a temporary period) and any right in a contract governing an obligation 
of a regulated entity may be deemed to have been exercised. For this purpose, a 
reference to a "regulated entity" is to any institution or entity (which includes certain 
credit institutions, investment firms, and certain of their group companies) referred to 
in points (1), (2), (3) or (4) of Article 2(1) of the Luxembourg BRRD Law, and with 
respect to the SRM Regulation to any entity referred to in Article 2 of the SRM 
Regulation. 
"Margin" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Maximum Interest Amount" means the amount specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
"Maximum Interest Rate" means the interest rate specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
"Minimum Interest Amount" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"Minimum Interest Rate" means the interest rate specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
"Multiplier" means the value or percentage specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"Notional Amount" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day 
and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if 
any) Additional Financial Centre; or

--- Page 97 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 97 - 
47-41009328 
 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings 
in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
"Performance of Component" means, for the purposes of this Base Condition 3 and 
with respect to each Component of the Basket comprising the Reference Item: 
൤Final Interest Reference Level
Initial Interest Reference Level൨െ1 
"Performance of Underlying" means: 
(a) 
with respect to a Reference Item that is not constituted by a Basket, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
ቂ
୊୧୬ୟ୪ ୍୬୲ୣ୰ୣୱ୲ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪
୍୬୧୲୧ୟ୪ ୍୬୲ୣ୰ୣୱ୲ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪ቃെ1; or 
(ii) 
Max [0; ቂ
୊୧୬ୟ୪ ୍୬୲ୣ୰ୣୱ୲ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪
୍୬୧୲୧ୟ୪ ୍୬୲ୣ୰ୣୱ୲ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪ቃ -1] 
(b) 
with respect to a Reference Item that is constituted by a Basket, the sum of each 
of the following values calculated with respect to each Component: 
(i) 
Performance of Component; multiplied by 
(ii) 
Component Weight. 
"Performance of Underlying 1" means for the purposes of this Base Condition 3 and 
with respect to Reference Item 1, as specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
ቂ
୊୧୬ୟ୪ ୍୬୲ୣ୰ୣୱ୲ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪
୍୬୧୲୧ୟ୪ ୍୬୲ୣ୰ୣୱ୲ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪ቃെ1; or 
(ii) 
Max [0; ቂ
୊୧୬ୟ୪ ୍୬୲ୣ୰ୣୱ୲ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪
୍୬୧୲୧ୟ୪ ୍୬୲ୣ୰ୣୱ୲ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪ቃ -1] 
"Performance of Underlying 2" means for the purposes of this Base Condition 3 and 
with respect to Reference Item 2, as specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
ቂ
୊୧୬ୟ୪ ୍୬୲ୣ୰ୣୱ୲ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪
୍୬୧୲୧ୟ୪ ୍୬୲ୣ୰ୣୱ୲ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪ቃെ1; or 
(ii) 
Max [0; ቂ
୊୧୬ୟ୪ ୍୬୲ୣ୰ୣୱ୲ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪
୍୬୧୲୧ୟ୪ ୍୬୲ୣ୰ୣୱ୲ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪ቃ -1] 
"Payment Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms 
that can be different from the currency in which the Notes were denominated. 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal 
financial centre for that currency provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State 
of the European Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the 
payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and

--- Page 98 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 98 - 
47-41009328 
 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in 
relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland, in 
each case as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case 
of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent. 
"Rate of Exchange" means the rate of exchange specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Reference Banks" means, the institutions specified as such in the relevant Final Terms 
or, if none, four (or, if the Relevant Financial Centre is Helsinki, five) major banks 
selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute. 
"Reference Item" is the item specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Item 1" is the item, if any, specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Item 2" is the item, if any, specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Obligation" means each obligation specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms or any Substitute Reference Obligation (as defined in the Credit linked 
Conditions). 
"Reference Obligation Currency" means the currency in which the Reference 
Obligation is denominated, or such other currency specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
"Reference Price" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Reference Rate" means any of EURIBOR and/or LIBOR and/or LIMEAN and/or 
LIBID and/or CMS as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Rate Multiplier" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
"Regular Period" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of 
regular payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement 
Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period 
from and including one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest 
Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is 
scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on 
which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first 
Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to 
but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and

--- Page 99 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 99 - 
47-41009328 
 
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls other than 
the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period. 
"Relevant Authority" means (i) in respect of Italy, the European Central Bank, the 
Bank of Italy, or any successor authority having responsibility for the prudential 
supervision of the Issuer or the Group within the framework of the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism set out under Council Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013 and in accordance 
with the Applicable Banking Regulations and/or, as the context may require, the Italian 
resolution authority, the Single Resolution Board established pursuant to the SRM 
Regulation, and/or any other authority in Italy or in the European Union entitled to 
exercise or participate in the exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power or having primary 
responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of Mediobanca from time to 
time; and (ii) in respect of Luxembourg, the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur 
Financier, acting in its capacity as resolution authority within the meaning of Article 
3(1) of the BRRD, the Single Resolution Board established pursuant to the SRM 
Regulation, and/or any other authority in Luxembourg or in the European Union 
entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise of the Luxembourg Bail-in Power from 
time to time. 
"Relevant Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms 
or, if none is specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be 
determined on an Interest Determination Date, the financial centre as may be specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the financial centre with 
which the relevant Reference Rate is most closely connected or, if none is so connected, 
London. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a 
particular information service (including, but not limited to, Reuters) as may be 
specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms for the purpose of 
providing a Reference Rate, or such other page, section, caption, column or other part 
as may replace it on that information service or on such other information service, in 
each case as may be nominated by the person or organisation providing or sponsoring 
the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable 
to that Reference Rate. 
"Relevant Time" means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the local time 
in the Relevant Financial Centre specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is 
specified, the local time in the Relevant Financial Centre at which it is customary to 
determine bid and offered rates in respect of deposits in the relevant currency in the 
interbank market in the Relevant Financial Centre provided that if the Relevant 
Currency is Euro and the Benchmark is EURIBOR, the Relevant Time shall be 11.00 
am Brussels time. 
"Specified Duration" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an 
Interest Determination Date, the period specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Spread" has the meaning, if any, given in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 100 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 100 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Structured Barrier Level" means the value or the percentage specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"Structured Barrier Observation Date" means the date or the dates specified as such 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Swap Rate" means the swap rate specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"TARGET System" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET or TARGET2) System or any successor 
thereto. 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which the TARGET System is open. 
(b) 
Interest Rate and Accrual 
Save with respect to Structured Rate Notes, each Note, in respect of each Interest 
Period, may or may not bear interest. For each Interest Period in respect of which the 
Notes bear interest, interest will accrue on its outstanding principal amount from the 
Interest Commencement Date at one of the following rate: Fixed Rate, Floating Rate 
and Structured Rate. The Interest Amount is payable in arrears on each interest payment 
date (each, an "Interest Payment Date"). 
The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period shall be 
the Interest Amount as determined in accordance with Base Condition 3(j) (Calculation 
of Interest Amount) below. In respect of any short or long Interest Period as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the Fixed Rate Provisions apply, the Interest Amount payable for such short 
or long Interest Period shall be the Broken Amount specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if the Floating Rate Provisions apply, the Interest Rate will be determined by 
the Calculation Agent using the Linear Interpolation. 
Interest will cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, upon 
due presentation, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused, in which 
event interest will continue to accrue (as well after as before judgment) at the Interest 
Rate in the manner provided in this Base Condition 3 (Interest and other Calculations) 
to the Relevant Date (as defined in Base Condition 6 (Taxation)). 
(c) 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in these Base Conditions which is specified to be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a 
day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (i) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day 
which is a Business Day, (ii) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such 
date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby 
fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to 
the immediately preceding Business Day or (iii) the Preceding Business Day

--- Page 101 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 101 - 
47-41009328 
 
Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day. 
(d) 
Fixed Rate 
If the Fixed Rate Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Interest Rate shall be the fixed rate so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
(e) 
Floating Rate 
If the Floating Rate Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the applicable Interest Rate will be determined by the Calculation Agent on 
the following basis: 
(i) 
Screen Rate Determination: if Screen Rate Determination is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Interest Rate is to be 
determined, subject to Condition 3 (q) (Benchmark replacement) and Condition 
(r) (U.S. dollar LIBOR replacement), as provided under Condition 3 (n) (Screen 
Rate Determination); 
(ii) 
ISDA Determination: if ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Interest Rate(s) is/are to be determined, the 
Interest Rate applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be: 
(A) 
if "Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as not being 
applicable, the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate; 
(B) 
if "Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable (i) the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate 
multiplied by (ii) the Multiplier; 
(C) 
if "Reference Rate Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, the sum of (i) Margin, and (ii) the relevant ISDA 
Rate multiplied by the Reference Rate Multiplier; 
(D) 
if "Cap" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the 
ISDA Rate will not be higher than the Cap specified in the Final Terms; 
(E) 
if "Floor" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, 
the ISDA Rate will not be lower than the Floor specified in the Final 
Terms, 
where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the 
Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be determined by 
the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation 
Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction 
under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under 
which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 102 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 102 - 
47-41009328 
 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is either (1) 
if the relevant Floating Rate Option is based on the London inter-bank 
offered rate (LIBOR) for a currency, the first day of that Interest Period 
or (2) in any other case, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(f) 
Interest Amount on Structured Rate Notes 
If the Structured Rate Note Provisions are specified in the Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Interest Amount for the Interest Period(s) indicated in the Final Terms 
will be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with one of the following 
formulas (each a "Structured Rate Formula"): 
(i) 
Periodical Performance: if "Periodical Performance" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being applicable, as follows: 
(A) 
Notional Amount multiplied by 
(B) 
the lower of [Cap; Max (Interest Participation Factor x Periodic 
Performance of Underlyingt; Fixed Percentage) +/- Margin1] +/- 
Margin2, 
where "Periodic Performance of Underlyingt" means the Performance of the 
Underlying according to the relevant Period specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Performance Differential: if "Performance Differential" is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, as follows: 
(A) 
if "Interest Participation Factor" is specified as not being applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms, by multiplying (i) the Calculation Amount by 
(ii): 
(a) 
the difference between the Performance of Underlying 1 and the 
Performance of Underlying 2, or 
(b) 
the greater of (1) Floor and (2) the difference between the 
Performance of Underlying 1 and the Performance of 
Underlying 2, 
provided that: (i) the Floor will not be lower than zero, and (ii) the 
Interest Amount will not be greater than the Maximum Interest Amount 
and will not be less than the Minimum Interest Amount. 
(B) 
if "Interest Participation Factor" is specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, by multiplying (a) the Calculation Amount by (b) 
(i) the Interest Participation Factor multiplied by (ii): 
(a) 
the difference between the Performance of Underlying 1 and the 
Performance of Underlying 2, or

--- Page 103 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 103 - 
47-41009328 
 
(b) 
the greater of (1) Floor and (2) the difference between the 
Performance of Underlying 1 and the Performance of 
Underlying 2, 
provided that: (i) the Floor will not be lower than zero, and (ii) the 
Interest Amount will not be greater than the Maximum Interest Amount 
and will not be less than the Minimum Interest Amount. 
(iii) 
Best Performance: if "Best Performance" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, as follows: 
(A) 
if "Interest Participation Factor" is specified as not being applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms, by multiplying (i) the Calculation Amount by 
(ii): 
(a) 
the Best Performance of Underlying, or 
(b) 
the greater of (1) Floor and (2) the Best Performance of 
Underlying, 
provided that: (i) the Floor will not be lower than zero, and (ii) the 
Interest Amount will not be greater than the Maximum Interest Amount 
and will not be less than the Minimum Interest Amount; 
(B) 
if "Interest Participation Factor" is specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, by multiplying (a) the Calculation Amount by (b) 
(i) the Interest Participation Factor multiplied by (ii): 
(a) 
the Best Performance of Underlying, or 
(b) 
the greater of (1) Floor and (2) the Best Performance of 
Underlying, 
provided that: (i) the Floor will not be lower than zero, and (ii) the 
Interest Amount will not be greater than the Maximum Interest Amount 
and will not be less than the Minimum Interest Amount, 
where "Best Performance of Underlying" means the highest 
Performance of Component of the Basket comprising the Reference 
Item. 
(iv) 
Worst Performance: if "Worst Performance" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, as follows: 
(A) 
if "Interest Participation Factor" is specified as not being applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms, by multiplying (i) the Calculation Amount by 
(ii): 
(a) 
the Worst Performance of Underlying, or 
(b) 
the greater of (1) Floor and (2) the Worst Performance of 
Underlying,

--- Page 104 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 104 - 
47-41009328 
 
provided that: (i) the Floor will not be lower than zero, and (ii) the 
Interest Amount will not be greater than the Maximum Interest Amount 
and will not be less than the Minimum Interest Amount; 
(B) 
if "Interest Participation Factor" is specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, by multiplying (a) the Calculation Amount by (b) 
(i) the Interest Participation Factor multiplied by (ii): 
(a) 
the Worst Performance of Underlying, or 
(b) 
the greater of (1) Floor and (2) the Worst Performance of 
Underlying, 
provided that: (i) the Floor will not be lower than zero, and (ii) the 
Interest Amount will not be greater than the Maximum Interest Amount 
and will not be less than the Minimum Interest Amount, 
where "Worst Performance of Underlying" means the lowest 
Performance of Component of the Basket comprising the Reference 
Item. 
(v) 
Digital Call: if "Digital Call" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, with respect to each relevant Interest Period, as follows: 
(A) 
if a Structured Barrier Event has occurred, the amount specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; or 
(B) 
If a Structured Barrier Event has not occurred, the other amount 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
where "Structured Barrier Event" means, with respect to each relevant 
Interest Period, that the Interest Settlement Price of the Reference Item 
on the Structured Barrier Observation Date or the average of the Interest 
Settlement Prices of the Reference Item on each of the Structured Barrier 
Observation Dates, as the case may be, is equal to or greater than the 
Structured Barrier Level. 
(vi) 
Digital Put: if "Digital Put" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, with respect to each relevant Interest Period, as follows: 
(A) 
if a Structured Barrier Event has occurred, the amount specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; or 
(B) 
if a Structured Barrier Event has not occurred, the other amount 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
where "Structured Barrier Event" means, with respect to each relevant 
Interest Period, that the Interest Settlement Price of the Reference Item 
on the Structured Barrier Observation Date or the average of the Interest 
Settlement Prices of the Reference Items on each of the Structured 
Barrier Observation Dates, as the case may be, is equal to or less than 
the Structured Barrier Level.

--- Page 105 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 105 - 
47-41009328 
 
(vii) 
Best of Digital Call: if "Best of Digital Call" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, with respect to each relevant Interest Period, as 
follows: 
(A) 
if a Structured Barrier Event has occurred, the amount specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; or 
(B) 
if a Structured Barrier Event has not occurred, the other amount 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
where "Structured Barrier Event" means, with respect to an Interest 
Period and the Component comprised in the Basket having the highest 
Performance of Component in that Interest Period, that the Interest 
Settlement Price on the Structured Barrier Observation Date or the 
average of the Interest Settlement Prices on each of the Structured 
Barrier Observation Dates, as the case may be, of such Component is 
equal to or greater than the Structured Barrier Level. 
(viii) Best of Digital Put: if "Best of Digital Put" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, with respect to each relevant Interest Period, as 
follows: 
(A) 
if a Structured Barrier Event has occurred, the amount specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; or 
(B) 
if a Structured Barrier Event has not occurred, the other amount 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
where "Structured Barrier Event" means, with respect to an Interest 
Period and the Component comprised in the Basket having the highest 
Performance of Component in that Interest Period, that the Interest 
Settlement Price on the Structured Barrier Observation Date or the 
average of the Interest Settlement Prices on each of the Structured 
Barrier Observation Dates, as the case may be, of such Component is 
equal to or less than the Structured Barrier Level. 
(ix) 
Worst of Digital Call: if "Worst of Digital Call" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, with respect to each relevant Interest Period, as 
follows: 
(A) 
if a Structured Barrier Event has occurred, the amount specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; or 
(B) 
if a Structured Barrier Event has not occurred, the other amount 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
where "Structured Barrier Event" means, with respect to an Interest 
Period and the Component comprised in the Basket having the lowest 
Performance of Component in that Interest Period, that the Interest 
Settlement Price on the Structured Barrier Observation Date or the 
average of the Interest Settlement Prices on each of the Structured

--- Page 106 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 106 - 
47-41009328 
 
Barrier Observation Dates, as the case may be, of such Component is 
equal to or greater than the Structured Barrier Level. 
(x) 
Worst of Digital Put: if "Worst of Digital Put" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, with respect to each relevant Interest Period, as 
follows: 
(A) 
if a Structured Barrier Event has occurred, the amount specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; or 
(B) 
if a Structured Barrier Event has not occurred, the other amount 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
where "Structured Barrier Event" means, with respect to an Interest 
Period and the Component comprised in the Basket having the lowest 
Performance of Component in that Interest Period, that the Interest 
Settlement Price on the Structured Barrier Observation Date or the 
average of the Interest Settlement Prices on each of the Structured 
Barrier Observation Dates, as the case may be, of such Component is 
equal to or less than the Structured Barrier Level. 
(xi) 
European Call: if European Call is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, as follows: 
(A) 
If "Option 1" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
by multiplying (i) the Calculation Amount by (ii) the Spread plus (a) the 
Interest Participation Factor multiplied by (b) the greater of (1) Floor 
and (2) the Performance of Underlying. 
(B) 
If "Option 2" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms 
by multiplying (i) the Calculation Amount by (ii) the greater of (a) Floor 
and (b) the Spread plus (1) the Interest Participation Factor multiplied 
by (2) the Performance of Underlying. 
(xii) 
Range Accrual: if Range Accrual Interest is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the following provisions will apply. 
(A) 
For the purpose of this sub-paragraph (xii): 
"Fluctuation Range": means a range of values that is to be considered 
in relation to the Reference Value (which may be inside or outside such 
range) for the purposes of the calculation of the Range Accrual Interest 
Amount in accordance with the applicable calculation formula. The 
Final Terms will specify (i) the values constituting such Fluctuation 
Range, or (ii) the percentages of the values constituting such Fluctuation 
Range to be determined as set out in the relevant Final Terms. For 
avoidance of doubt, the Fluctuation Range is always denominated in the 
same currency used for the determination of the Reference Values (even 
where this is a different currency from the Specified Currency). As 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the lowest value of the Fluctuation 
Range may be equal to, or lower than, zero;

--- Page 107 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 107 - 
47-41009328 
 
"In Range Days" means, in relation to a Range Accrual Interest 
Amount, the ratio between (i) the number of days within the Reference 
Period on which the Reference Value falls inside the relevant 
Fluctuation Range and (ii) the total number of days that constitutes the 
Reference Period, Expressed as formula as follows:  
In Range Days = 
Where: 
"n" means the number of days within the relevant Reference Period on 
which the Reference Value falls inside the relevant Fluctuation Range. 
In order to determine "n", when the Reference Value falls within the 
relevant Fluctuation Range, the applicable Final Terms will specify 
whether such Reference Value will also be considered as inside the 
relevant Fluctuation Range in respect of the immediately following 
day(s) that are not Business Day(s) (therefore, whether such day(s) will 
be counted as "n" day(s)); similarly, if the Reference Value on a 
Business Day falls outside the relevant Fluctuation Range, the 
applicable Final Terms will specify whether such Reference Value will 
also be considered as outside the relevant Fluctuation Range in respect 
of the immediately following day(s) that are not Business Day(s); and 
"N" means the total number of days (or Business Days, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) in the relevant Reference Period. 
"In Range Yield" means the interest rate specified in the Final Terms, 
used for the calculation of the Range Accrual Interest Amount for the 
days when the Reference Value, in relation to the relevant Range 
Accrual Interest Period, is within the relevant Fluctuation Range. 
Such interest rate will be, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, a 
fixed rate, or a floating rate as increased or reduced by the Margin (if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) that would be multiplied by an 
Interest Participation Factor, or a rate equal to zero. Where the In Range 
Yield is a floating rate, the Out Range Yield will not be the same floating 
rate specified for the In Range Yield. 
If the In Range Yield is zero, the Out Range Yield will be greater than 
zero. 
If the In Range Yield is a fixed rate, such rate may be identical or 
different in relation to each Range Accrual Interest Period. 
"Margin" means the percentage to be added or to be subtracted (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) to the In Range Yield or Out 
Range Yield. 
The Margin may be the same throughout all the Range Accrual Interest 
Periods, or it may change in relation to each Range Accrual Interest 
Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 108 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 108 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Out Range Days" means, in relation to a Range Accrual Interest 
Amount, the ratio between (i) the number of days within the Reference 
Period on which the Reference Value of the Reference Rate falls outside 
the relevant Fluctuation Range and (ii) the total number of days that 
constitutes the Reference Period, expressed as a formula as follows: 
Out Range Days =  
Where: 
"n" means the number of days within the relevant Reference Period on 
which the Reference Value falls inside the relevant Fluctuation Range. 
In order to determine "n", when the Reference Value falls within the 
relevant Fluctuation Range, the applicable Final Terms will specify 
whether such Reference Value will also be considered as inside the 
relevant Fluctuation Range in respect of the immediately following 
day(s) that are not Business Day(s) (therefore, whether such day(s) will 
be counted as "n" day(s)); similarly, if the Reference Value on a 
Business Day falls outside the relevant Fluctuation Range, the 
applicable Final Terms will specify whether such Reference Value will 
also be considered as outside the relevant Fluctuation Range in respect 
of the immediately following day(s) that are not Business Day(s); and 
"N" means the total number of days (or Business Days, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) in the relevant Reference Period. 
"Out Range Yield" means the interest rate specified in the Final Terms 
used for the calculation of the Range Accrual Interest Amount for the 
days when the Reference Value, in relation to the relevant Range 
Accrual Interest Period, is outside the relevant Fluctuation Range. 
Such interest rate will be, as specified in the Final Terms, a fixed rate, 
or a floating rate (such as the yield of government securities, interbank 
offered rates, swap rates specified in the Final Terms) increased or 
reduced by the Margin (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms) that 
would be multiplied by an Interest Participation Factor, or a rate equal 
to zero. Where the Out Range Yield is a floating rate, the In Range Yield 
will not be the same floating rate that represents the Out Range Yield. 
If the Out Range Yield is zero, the In Range Yield will be greater than 
zero. 
If the Out Range Yield is a fixed rate, such rate may be identical or 
different in relation to each Range Accrual Interest Period. 
"Range Accrual Interest Amount" means the interest amount 
determined as specified in this paragraph; 
"Range Accrual Interest Payment Date" means one or more Business 
Day(s), specified in the applicable Final Terms, on which the Issuer shall 
pay, in arrear the Range Accrual Interest Amounts;

--- Page 109 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 109 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Reference Period" means the period during which the level of the 
Reference Value will be determined, for the purposes of the calculation 
of the Range Accrual Interest Amount pursuant to the relevant 
calculation formula. The Reference Period will be specified in the Final 
Terms; and 
"Reference Value" means, in relation to a Range Accrual Interest 
Amount, to the Underlying(s) and to any day within the relevant 
Reference Period, the value on such day, or the differential between the 
values of two Underlyings determined on such day or the differential 
between the values determined on different days of the Underlying 
which will be (i) in the case of a Basket Constituent or single 
Underlying, published by the Information Source specified in the Final 
Terms or, if the Information Source is not available or (ii) in the case of 
a Basket, determined in accordance with the definition of "Basket 
Calculation". 
(B) 
Where Range Accrual Interest is applicable, payment of interest (at the 
rate of interest specified in the Final Terms) will depend on whether the 
Reference Value of the Underlying (or the Reference Values of more 
than one Underlying, or the difference between the Reference Values of 
two Underlyings) falls inside or outside the relevant Fluctuation Range. 
In the first case, the interest rate will be equal to the In Range Yield 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; in the second case, the interest 
rate will be equal to the Out Range Yield specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
The In Range Yield and the Out Range Yield may be equal to zero. In 
such case, the amount of the Range Accrual Interest Amounts will be 
higher than zero only when the Reference Value falls inside the 
Fluctuation Range (when the Out Range Yield is zero) or outside the 
Fluctuation Range (when the In Range Yield is zero). 
Each Range Accrual Interest Amount will be paid to the Noteholder in 
arrears on the relevant Range Accrual Interest Payment Date. The 
Maturity Date may fall on the Range Accrual Interest Payment Date or, 
if there is more than one interest payment date, it may fall on one of the 
Range Accrual Interest Payment Dates. 
(C) 
The amount of each Range Accrual Interest Amount will be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the sub-paragraph (D) 
below with such amount rounded to the nearest EUR cent (with 0.005 
EUR being rounded upwards) and will be equal to the product of (a) the 
Nominal Amount and (b) the lower of (i) the Maximum Interest Rate (if 
applicable); and (ii) the higher of (x) the Minimum Interest Rate (if 
applicable) and (y) the sum of: 
(1) 
a rate equal to the product of the (I) the In Range Yield, and (II) 
the ratio between (i) the number of days in which the Reference 
Value falls inside the Fluctuation Range (In Range Days) and 
(ii) the total number of days of the Reference Period; and

--- Page 110 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 110 - 
47-41009328 
 
(2) 
a rate equal to the product of (I) the Out Range Yield, and (II) 
the ratio between (i) the number of days in which the Reference 
Value falls outside the Fluctuation Range (Out Range Days) 
and (ii) the total number of days of the Reference Period. 
Each Range Accrual Interest Amount may be linked to more than one 
Underlying. In such case, the applicable Final Terms will specify the 
number of Underlyings that have to fall inside or outside the Fluctuation 
Range, in order to determine the In Range Days and the Out Range Days. 
By way of example, the applicable Final Terms may indicate that, in 
order to determine the Range Accrual Interest Amount, the In Range 
Yield will be payable if at least three Underlyings out of five fall inside 
the Fluctuation Range. Conversely, the Out Range Yield will be 
payable. 
Finally, it should be noted that the In Range Yield and the Out Range 
Yield may be the same until the Maturity Date (and identical for all the 
Range Accrual Interest Periods) or differ in relation to each Range 
Accrual Interest Period as specified in the Final Terms. 
(D) 
The formula applicable to the calculation of Range Accrual Interest 
Amounts is as follows: 
C = NA x min {Maximum Interest Rate; max {Minimum Interest Rate; 
[In Range Yield x (In Range Days) + Out Range Yield x (Out Range 
Days)]}} x Day Count Fraction 
Where: 
C means the Range Accrual Interest Amount; 
NA means the Nominal Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The relevant Final Terms will specify whether, for the purpose of the 
calculation of the Range Accrual Interest Amount, the Maximum 
Interest Rate and/or the Minimum Interest Rate will be applicable. 
(xiii) Wedding Cake: if "Wedding Cake" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, with respect to each relevant Interest Period, the following 
provision will apply. 
The Final Redemption Amount payable on a Wedding Cake at maturity may 
take up to "n" possible values, as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
depending on the evolution of the Reference Item during the Observation Period 
according to predetermined range(s). 
A first range is defined as below a high Wedding Cake Barrier and above a low 
Wedding Cake Barrier. 
A second range (if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms) is defined 
as below a second high Wedding Cake Barrier and above a second low Wedding 
Cake Barrier (the first range being included in the second one).

--- Page 111 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 111 - 
47-41009328 
 
The relevant Final Terms may consider as applicable several other ranges, 
provided that each additional range shall include the previous ones. 
(A) 
The Interest Amount will be equal to a certain value if, within the 
Observation Period, the Reference Item remains within the range, 
excluding the Wedding Cake Barriers ("Condition_1" is met). 
If Condition_1 is met: Notional x FXR_1 
(B) 
If a second range is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Interest Amount will be equal to a certain second value if, within the 
Observation Period, the Reference Item has, at least once, moved 
outside the first range but has remained within the second range, 
excluding the Wedding Cake Barriers ("Condition_2" is met). 
If Condition_2 is met: Notional x FXR_2 
(C) 
The Interest Amount will be equal to a certain "ith" value if, within the 
Observation Period, the Reference Item has, at least once, moved 
outside all previous ranges but has remained within the "ith" range, 
excluding the relevant Wedding Cake Barriers, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms ("Condition_i" is met). 
If Condition_i is met: Notional x FXR_i 
(D) 
The Interest Amount will be equal to a certain "n" value if, within the 
relevant Observation Period, the Reference Item has, at least once, 
moved outside all previous ranges but has remained within the "nth" 
range, excluding the relevant Wedding Cake Barriers, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms("Condition_N" is met). 
If Condition_N is met: Notional x FXR_n 
If no Condition and/or neither of the preceding Conditions are met, the 
Final Redemption Amount shall be zero. 
Where: 
Observation Period is an Observation Period as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
FXR_1, FXR_2, FXR_i until FXR_n are, if applicable, the percentages 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. If defined and applicable 
FXR_1 > FXR_2 > FXR_i > FXR_n ≥ 0. 
(xiv) Digital Dual Range Accrual: if "Digital Dual Range Accrual" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the following provisions will apply. 
For the purpose of this sub-paragraph (xiv): 
"Range" means a range of values that is to be considered in relation to the 
Reference Value (which falls within such relevant range) for the purpose of the

--- Page 112 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 112 - 
47-41009328 
 
calculation of the Digital Dual Range Accrual Interest Amount in accordance 
with the applicable calculation formula. The values constituting such Range will 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Digital Dual Range Accrual Interest Amount" means the interest amount 
determined as specified in this sub-paragraph (xiv). 
"Digital Dual Range Accrual Interest Payment Date" means one or more 
Business Day(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms, on which the Issuer 
shall pay, in arrear, the Digital Dual Range Accrual Interest Amount. 
"Reference Period" means the period during which the level of the Reference 
Value will be determined, for the purpose of the calculation of the Digital Dual 
Range Accrual Interest Amount pursuant to the relevant calculation formula. 
The Reference Period will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Value" means, in relation to a Digital Dual Range Accrual Interest 
Amount, to the Underlying(s) and to any day within the relevant Reference 
Period, the value on such day or the differential between the values of two 
Underlyings determined on such day or the differential between the values 
determined on different days of the Underlying which will be published by the 
Information Source specified in the Final Terms. 
Where Digital Dual Range Accrual is applicable, payment of interest (at the rate 
of interest specified in the Final Terms) will depend whether the Reference 
Value of the Underlying (or the Reference Values of more than one Underlying, 
or the difference between the Reference Values of two Underlyings) falls within 
the relevant Range. 
For the calculation of Digital Dual Range Interest Amounts the following 
formula will apply. 
If the Reference Value of Underlying(t1) and/or the Reference Value of 
Underlying (t2) are within the Range(t1) and Range (t2) respectively: 
Notional Amount *max [Floor; (Reference Rate1)] * Day count fraction 
Otherwise 
Notional Amount *max [Floor; (Reference Rate2)] * Day count fraction 
Where: 
"Floor" has the meaning, if any, given to it in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Range(t1)" means the range between two values (lower and upper limits 
inclusive) as specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Range(t2)" means the range between two values (lower and upper limits 
inclusive) as specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 113 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 113 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Reference Rate1" for any day in the relevant Interest Period means the rate as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Rate2" for any day in the relevant Interest Period means the rate as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
provided that: (i) the Floor will not be lower than zero, and (ii) the Interest 
Amount will not be greater than the Maximum Interest Amount and will not be 
less than the Minimum Interest Amount. 
(xv) 
Autocallable: if "Autocallable" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being applicable, the following provisions will apply. 
If this Base Conditions 3(f)(xv) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, then if the Autocall Condition is satisfied on any applicable Valuation 
Date during the relevant Interest Period, the Interest Amount for the relevant 
Interest Period will be equal to the Calculation Amount, multiplied by N, 
multiplied by X, and multiplied by the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
If the Autocall Condition is not satisfied on applicable Valuation Date during 
the relevant Interest Period, the Interest Amount for the relevant Interest Period 
will be zero. 
Where: 
"N" means the number of Interest Periods that have passed up to and including 
the Interest Period during which the Autocall Condition is satisfied, or such 
other value as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"X" will be the value specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The "Autocall Condition" means that the relevant Interest Rate exceeds the 
Interest Barrier Level, equals to the Interest Barrier Level, or is below the 
Interest Barrier Level, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(xvi) "Premium Coupon": if "Premium Coupon" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, as follows: 
Notional Amount x Max[Reference Item(T) / Reference Item(o) +/- Margin; 0] 
where: 
"Reference Item(T)" means the Final Interest Reference Level of the Reference 
Item on the Final Interest Valuation Date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
and 
"Reference Item (o)" means the Initial Interest Reference Level of the 
Reference Item on the Initial Interest Valuation Date specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
(xvii) "Normal Performance": if "Normal Performance" is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable, as follows:

--- Page 114 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 114 - 
47-41009328 
 
(i) 
the Calculation Amount; multiplied by 
(ii) 
Factor A +/- (Interest Participation Factor multiplied by Performance of 
Underlying), 
provided that the Performance of Underlying may be subject to a Floor or a 
Cap as specified in the applicable Final Terms and "Factor A" shall have the 
meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
(xviii) "Final Differential": if "Final Differential" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, as follows:  
(i) 
the Calculation Amount, multiplied by  
(ii) 
 
(A) 
Interest Participation Factor multiplied by the lower of (1) Cap, 
if applicable, and (2) the greater of (a) Floor, if applicable, and 
(b) the difference between the Final Interest Reference Level 1 
and the Final Interest Reference Level 2, or 
(B) 
Interest Participation Factor multiplied by the lower of (1) Cap, 
if applicable, and (2) the greater of (a) Floor, if applicable, and 
(b) the difference between (X) the Final Interest Reference Level 
1 multiplied by Gearing 1 and (Y) the Final Interest Reference 
Level 2 multiplied by Gearing 2. 
Where: 
"Final Interest Reference Level 1" means, with respect to the Reference Item 
1 (i) if Averaging is not specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the 
Interest Settlement Price on the Final Interest Valuation Date, or (ii) if 
Averaging is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the average of 
the Settlement Prices determined on each of the Final Valuation Dates. 
"Final Interest Reference Level 2" means, with respect to the Reference Item 
2 (i) if Averaging is not specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the 
Interest Settlement Price on the Final Interest Valuation Date, or (ii) if 
Averaging is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the average of 
the Settlement Prices determined on each of the Final Valuation Dates. 
"Gearing 1" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Gearing 2" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(xix) "CMS Differential": if "CMS Differential" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, as follows: 
(i) 
the Calculation Amount; multiplied by 
(ii) 
Min (Max (Performance Differential - Factor A; Floor); Cap).

--- Page 115 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 115 - 
47-41009328 
 
Where: 
"Performance Differential" means the percentage determined in accordance 
with the following formula: 
ሺ௅௘௩௘௟ ଵ ∗ ி௜௡௔௟ ூ௡௧௘௥௘௦௧ ோ௘௙௘௥௘௡௖௘ ௅௘௩௘௟ ଵሻ –ሺ௅௘௩௘௟ ଶ ∗ ி௜௡௔௟ ூ௡௧௘௥௘௦௧ ோ௘௙௘௥௘௡௖௘ ௅௘௩௘௟ ଶሻ
௅௘௩௘௟ ଵି௅௘௩௘௟ ଶ
  
"Level 1" means the amount determined in accordance with the following 
formula: 
(i) 
if Final Interest Reference Level 1 is different from zero: 
𝑀𝑎𝑥ሺ
ଵିሺଵାி௜௡௔௟ ூ௡௧௘௥௘௦௧ ோ௘௙௘௥௘௡௖௘ ௅௘௩௘௟ ଵሻషಿభ
ி௜௡௔௟ ூ௡௧௘௥௘௦௧ ோ௘௙௘௥௘௡௖௘ ௅௘௩௘௟ ଵ
; [Factor B] * Level 2) ; or 
(ii) 
if Final Interest Reference Level 1 is equal to zero:  
Max (N1; [Factor B] * Level 2). 
"Level 2" means the amount determined in accordance with the following 
formula: 
(i) 
if Final Interest Reference Level 2 is different from zero: 
ଵିሺଵାி௜௡௔௟ ூ௡௧௘௥௘௦௧ ோ௘௙௘௥௘௡௖௘ ௅௘௩௘௟ ଶሻషಿమ
ி௜௡௔௟ ூ௡௧௘௥௘௦௧ ோ௘௙௘௥௘௡௖௘ ௅௘௩௘௟ ଶ
 ; or 
(ii) 
if Final Interest Reference Level 2 is equal to zero: N2. 
"Final Interest Reference Level 1" means, with respect to the CMS 1 (i) if 
Averaging is not specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the Interest 
Settlement Price on the Final Interest Valuation Date, or (ii) if Averaging is 
specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the average of the Settlement 
Prices determined on each of the Final Valuation Dates. 
"Final Interest Reference Level 2" means, with respect to the CMS 2 (i) if 
Averaging is not specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the Interest 
Settlement Price on the Final Interest Valuation Date, or (ii) if Averaging is 
specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the average of the Settlement 
Prices determined on each of the Final Valuation Dates.  
"CMS 1" means the CMS Rate with Designated Maturity 1. 
"CMS 2" means the CMS Rate with Designated Maturity 2. 
"Designated Maturity 1", "Designated Maturity 2", "N1", "N2", "Factor A", 
"Factor B", "Floor", "Cap", "Reference Currency", "Relevant Screen Page" 
and "Relevant Time" shall have the meanings given to those terms in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
If "CMS Differential" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Notes will always be Interest Rate Linked Notes and the

--- Page 116 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 116 - 
47-41009328 
 
Reference Item will be an Underlying Interest Rate, the Interest Rate Linked 
Conditions will apply, Screen Rate Determination will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Underlying Reference Rate 
is to be determined and CMS will be specified as the Underlying Reference Rate 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
(g) 
Interest Barrier Event 
If "Interest Barrier Event" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms 
and an Interest Barrier Event has occurred each Note entitles its holder to receive on 
the Interest Barrier Payment Date(s) indicated in the relevant Final Terms the Interest 
Barrier Amount. If it is so specified in the relevant Final Terms (i) with effect from the 
date on which the Interest Barrier Event occurred, the Notes will cease to bear interest, 
and/or (ii) each Note shall be redeemed on the Interest Barrier Payment Date specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this Base Condition 3(g): 
"Interest Barrier Amount" means the amount which the Noteholder is entitled to 
receive on the Interest Barrier Payment Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms in 
the Settlement Currency (if applicable) in relation to each such Note, which shall be: 
(1) 
the amount indicated in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(2) 
(i) the Calculation Amount multiplied by (ii) (Participation Factor multiplied by 
Performance of Underlying), 
provided that the Interest Barrier Amount will not be greater than the Interest Barrier 
Maximum Amount (if any) and will not be less than the Interest Barrier Minimum 
Amount (if any). 
"Interest Barrier Event" means that: 
(1) 
the Interest Settlement Price of the Reference Item, Reference Item 1, Reference 
Item 2 or the Components comprised in the Basket, as the case may be, is equal 
to and/or greater than the Interest Barrier Level on an Interest Barrier 
Observation Date or at any time during the Interest Barrier Observation Period, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(2) 
the Interest Settlement Price of the Reference Item, Reference Item 1, Reference 
Item 2 or the Components comprised in the Basket, as the case may be, is equal 
to and/or less than the Interest Barrier Level on an Interest Barrier Observation 
Date or at any time during the Interest Barrier Observation Period, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Barrier Level" means the interest barrier level specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
(h) 
Maximum/Minimum Interest Amount, Interest Rates, Installment Amounts and 
Redemption Amounts

--- Page 117 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 117 - 
47-41009328 
 
If any Maximum or Minimum Interest Amount, Interest Rate, Installment Amount or 
Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then any Interest Amount, 
Interest Rate, Installment Amount or Redemption Amount shall be subject to such 
maximum or minimum, as the case may be. 
(i) 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Base Conditions (unless 
otherwise specified), (i) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 
halves being rounded up), (ii) all figures will be rounded to seven significant figures 
(with halves being rounded up) and (iii) all currency amounts which fall due and 
payable will be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being rounded 
up), save in the case of Yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest Yen. For these 
purposes "unit" means, with respect to any currency other than Euro, the lowest amount 
of such currency which is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, 
with respect to Euro, means one cent. 
(j) 
Calculations of Interest Amount 
The Interest Amount payable in respect of any Notes for an Interest Period will be 
determined as follows: 
(a) 
if Fixed Rate Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable 
and a Fixed Coupon Amount and/or, in respect of a short or long Interest Period, 
Broken Amount is specified in the Final Terms for that Interest Period, the 
Interest Amount payable on the relevant Interest Payment Date shall be the 
Fixed Coupon Amount and/or Broken Amount so specified; 
(b) 
if Fixed Rate Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable 
and Fixed Coupon Amount is specified in the Final Terms as not applicable, the 
Interest Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent by 
applying the Interest Rate to the Notional Amount outstanding of the Notes, 
multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction (unadjusted or 
adjusted in accordance with the Business Day Convention, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) and rounded in accordance with Base Condition 3(i) 
(Rounding). Where the Specified Denomination of a Note bearing Fixed Rate 
comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable 
in respect of such Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts (determined in the 
manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified 
Denomination without any further rounding. 
(c) 
if Floating Rate Provisions are specified in the Final Terms as applicable, the 
Interest Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent by 
applying the Interest Rate to the Notional Amount outstanding of the Notes, 
multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction (unadjusted or 
adjusted in accordance with the Business Day Convention, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) and rounded in accordance with Base Condition 3(i) 
(Rounding);

--- Page 118 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 118 - 
47-41009328 
 
(d) 
if Structured Rate Note Provisions are specified in the Final Terms as applicable, 
the Interest Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with one of the formulas set forth in Base Condition 3(f) (Interest 
Amount on Structured Rate Notes). 
(k) 
Determination and Publication of Interest Rates, Interest Amounts, Redemption 
Amounts and Installment Amounts 
After the Relevant Time on each Interest Determination Date or such other time on such 
date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any Redemption Amount or 
Installment Amount, make any determination or calculation, it will, promptly, 
determine the Interest Rate and calculate the amount of interest payable (the "Interest 
Amounts") on the principal amount of the Notes for the relevant Interest Period, 
calculate the Redemption Amount or Installment Amount, make such determination or 
calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Interest Rate and the Interest Amounts 
for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be 
calculated, the Redemption Amount or any Installment Amount to be notified to the 
Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, the Paying Agent, the holders of the Notes, any other 
Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes which is to make a further 
calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock 
exchange and the rules of such exchange so requires, such exchange promptly after 
their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant 
Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of an Interest Rate and 
Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such 
determination. The Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest 
Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Base Condition 8 (Events of 
Default), the accrued interest and the Interest Rate payable in respect of the Notes shall 
nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Base 
Condition but no publication of the Interest Rate or the Interest Amount so calculated 
need be made. The determination of each Interest Rate, Interest Amount, Redemption 
Amount and Installment Amount, the making of each determination or calculation by 
the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon 
all parties. 
(l) 
Interest Rate Switch / Switch Option 
If Interest Rate Switch is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, from 
and including the Interest Rate Switch Date, the Interest Rate (or formula) applicable 
for the calculation of the Interest Amount for the subsequent Interest Periods shall be 
the rate (or formula) specified as applying from and including such Interest Rate Switch 
Date in the Final Terms and the Interest Rate (or formula) applicable to the Notes 
immediately prior to the relevant Interest Rate Switch Date shall no longer apply. 
Prospective investors must be aware that, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
there might be more than one Interest Rate Switch Date with the consequence that the 
foregoing provisions will apply in respect of each Interest Rate Switch Date. 
If Switch Option Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Issuer may, on one or more occasion, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, at 
its option (any such option, a Switch Option) and by giving notice to the Noteholders

--- Page 119 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 119 - 
47-41009328 
 
in accordance with Base Condition 12 (Notices) which notice has to be received on or 
prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date (the "Switch Option Notice"), change 
the Interest Basis of the Notes as specified in the applicable Final Terms with effect 
from (and including) the Switch Option Effective Date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms up to (but excluding) the Maturity Date (or, where more than one Switch Option 
Effective Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, up to (but excluding) the next 
following Switch Option Effective Date), provided that (A) the Switch Option may be 
exercised only in respect of all the outstanding Notes; and (B) where the relevant Switch 
Option Notice has not been received by the Noteholders within the relevant Switch 
Option Expiry Date, the Issuer shall no longer be entitled to exercise such Switch 
Option and the Interest Basis shall not change. 
This Switch Option provisions may apply in addition to the provisions on Interest Rate 
Switch. 
Switch Option Expiry Date and Switch Option Effective Date shall mean any date 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms provided that any date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as a Switch Option Effective Date shall be deemed as such 
subject to the exercise of the relevant Switch Option having been notified by the Issuer 
pursuant to this Base Condition and in accordance with Base Condition 12 (Notices) 
prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date. 
(m) 
Dual Currency Interest Notes 
Where the Notes are specified to be Dual Currency Interest Notes, all payments of 
interest in respect of such Notes shall be made in a currency (the Payment Currency) 
different from the Relevant Currency. The relevant rate of exchange of the Relevant 
Currency into the Payment Currency (such rate of exchange, the Reference Exchange 
Rate) will be specified in the applicable Final Terms and determined in accordance 
with the Dual Currency Conditions set out in Chapter 12. 
Where Reference Exchange Rate means the spot rate of exchange of the Relevant 
Currency into the Payment Currency (expressed as the number of units (or part units) 
of the Payment Currency for which one unit of the Relevant Currency can be 
exchanged) appearing on the FX Price Source at the Valuation Time on the Rate 
Calculation Date or as calculated by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the Annex A to 
the 1998 FX and Currency Option Definitions. 
(n) 
Screen Rate Determination 
I. 
Screen Rate Determination for Notes bearing Floating Rate Interest other than 
Notes bearing CMS Rate and Constant Maturity BTP Rate 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Interest Rate is to be determined, the Interest Rate for each Interest 
Period will, subject to Base Condition 3(q) (Benchmark replacement) and Condition (r) 
(U.S. dollar LIBOR replacement) and subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or

--- Page 120 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 120 - 
47-41009328 
 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 a.m. (London time, 
in the case of LIBOR, or Brussels time, in case of EURIBOR) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question (the "Determined Rate"), in each case multiplied by 
the relevant Rate Multiplier (if "Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable), plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
relevant Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent and provided that 
the Interest Rate may not be less than zero and further provided that:  
(a) 
if "Reference Rate Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the sum or difference (as the case may be) of Margin and the relevant 
Determined Rate shall be multiplied by the Reference Rate Multiplier;  
(b) 
if "Cap" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the 
Determined Rate will not be higher than the Cap specified in the Final Terms; 
(c) 
if "Floor" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the 
Determined Rate will not be lower than the Floor specified in the Final Terms. 
If five or more of such offered questions are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the 
highest (or, if there is more than one highest quotation, one only of such quotations) 
and the lowest (or, if there is more than one lowest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered 
quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (n)(ii)(1) above, no such 
offered quotation appears or, in the case of (2) above, fewer than three such offered 
quotations appear, in each case as at the time specified in the preceding paragraph, in 
order to determine the Interest Rate, the Issuer shall request (in the case of a 
determination of LIBOR) the principal London office of each of four major banks in 
the London inter-bank market or (in the case of a determination of EURIBOR), the 
principal Euro-zone office of each of four major banks in the Eurozone inter-bank 
market, in each case selected by the Issuer or as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage 
per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the time specified in the preceding 
paragraph on the relevant Interest Determination Date, in accordance with the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
For the purpose of this sub-paragraph (n) I., "Interest Determination Date", 
"Margin", "Multiplier", "Reference Rate Multiplier", "Cap", "Floor", "Reference 
Rate" and "Relevant Screen Page" shall have the same meanings given to those in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 121 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 121 - 
47-41009328 
 
II.  
Screen Rate Determination for Notes bearing Floating Rate Interest which are 
Notes bearing Constant Maturity BTP Rate 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Interest Rate is to be determined and Constant Maturity BTP Rate 
is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, the Interest Rate for 
each Interest Period will, subject to Base Condition 3(q) (Benchmark replacement) and 
subject as provided below, be the gross yield before taxes of Italian government bonds 
with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a percentage, which appears 
on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which displays 
the information) at the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement 
page on that service which displays the information) is not available, the Constant 
Maturity BTP Rate for such Interest Determination Date shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, as 
the gross yield before taxes based on the mid-market price for Italian government bonds 
with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, or as close to the Designated Maturity as 
considered appropriate by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, and in a 
Representative Amount at the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in 
question and shall be the arithmetic mean of quotations obtained from three Constant 
Maturity BTP Reference Banks selected by the Issuer (from five such Constant 
Maturity BTP Reference Banks after eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event 
of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, 
one of the lowest)). 
If on any Interest Determination Date fewer than three or none of the Constant Maturity 
BTP Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with quotations for such prices 
as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Constant Maturity BTP Rate shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith on such commercial basis as 
considered appropriate by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, in accordance with 
standard market practice. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Interest Rate shall 
be deemed to be zero. 
For the purposes of this paragraph (n)(II) of Condition 3: 
"Constant Maturity BTP Reference Bank" means the principal office of any 
"Specialist in Italian Government Bonds" included in the "List of Specialists in 
Government Bonds" (Elenco Specialisti in Titoli di Stato) published by the Department 
of Treasury (Dipartimento del Tesoro) from time to time. 
"Designated Maturity", "Margin", "Relevant Screen Page" and "Specified Time" 
shall have the meaning given to those terms in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time.

--- Page 122 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 122 - 
47-41009328 
 
III. 
Screen Rate Determination for Notes bearing Floating Rate Interest which are 
Notes bearing CMS Rate 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Interest Rate is to be determined, the Interest Rate for each Floating 
Interest Period will, subject to Base Condition 3(q) (Benchmark replacement) and 
subject as provided below, be the CMS Rate multiplied by the relevant Rate Multiplier, 
if any, plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the relevant Margin 
(if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent and provided that the Interest Rate 
may not be less than zero.  
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Issuer shall request each of the CMS 
Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its quotation for the Relevant 
Swap Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in 
question. If at least three of the CMS Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
with such quotation, the CMS Rate for such Floating Interest Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean of such quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event 
of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, 
one of the lowest). 
If on any Interest Determination Date less than three or none of the CMS Reference 
Banks provides the Calculation Agent with such quotations as provided in the preceding 
paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith 
on such commercial basis as considered appropriate by the Calculation Agent in its 
absolute discretion, in accordance with standard market practice. 
For the purpose of this sub-paragraph (n) (ii): 
"CMS Rate" shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the Reference 
Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a percentage, which 
appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"CMS Reference Banks" means (i) where the Relevant Currency is Euro, the principal 
office of five leading swap dealers in the inter-bank market, (ii) where the Relevant 
Currency is Sterling, the principal London office of five leading swap dealers in the 
London inter-bank market, (iii) where the Relevant Currency is United States dollars, 
the principal New York City office of five leading swap dealers in the New York City 
inter-bank market, or (iv) in the case of any other Relevant Currency, the principal 
Relevant Financial Centre office of five leading swap dealers in the Relevant Financial 
Centre inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Calculation Agent. 
"Designated Maturity", "Interest Determination Date(s)", "Margin", "Rate 
Multiplier", "Relevant Currency", "Relevant Screen Page" and "Relevant Time" 
shall have the meanings given to those terms in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Relevant Swap Rate" means: 
(1) 
where the Relevant Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual swap rate 
determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for 
the annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed for-

--- Page 123 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 123 - 
47-41009328 
 
floating euro interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to the Designated 
Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant Floating Interest Period 
and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in 
the swap market, where the floating leg, in each case calculated on an 
Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (as 
defined in the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (the ISDA Definitions)) with a designated 
maturity determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to standard market 
practice and/or the ISDA Definitions; 
(2) 
where the Relevant Currency is in Sterling, the mid-market semi-annual swap 
rate determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates 
for the semi-annual fixed leg, calculated on an Actual/365 (Fixed) day count 
basis, of a fixed-for-floating Sterling interest rate swap transaction with a term 
equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant 
Floating Interest Period and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged 
dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each case 
calculated on an Actual/365 (Fixed) day count basis, is equivalent (A) if the 
Designated Maturity is greater than one year, to GBP-LIBOR-BBA (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity of six months or (B) if the 
Designated Maturity is one year or less, to GBP-LIBOR-BBA with a designated 
maturity of three months; 
(3) 
where the Relevant Currency is United States dollars, the mid-market semi-
annual swap rate determined on the basis of the mean of the bid and offered 
rates for the semi-annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a 
fixed-for-floating United States dollar interest rate swap transaction with a term 
equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant 
Floating Interest Period and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged 
dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, calculated on 
an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to USD-LIBOR-BBA (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity of three months; and 
(4) 
where the Relevant Currency is any other currency or if the Final Terms specify 
otherwise, the mid-market swap rate. 
"Representative Amount" means any amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time. 
(o) 
Multi Range Coupon Interest Rate 
This Base Condition 3(o) applies if there are two or more underlying Reference Item 
(i.e. the underlying Reference Item is a basket). 
A Multi Range Coupon provides that for each Interest Period, the Notes pay an Interest 
Amount only if all or only some of – as specified in the applicable Final Terms – the 
Interest Settlement Prices of the two or more underlying Reference Item, at the Relevant 
Time, on the relevant Final Interest Valuation Date or during the relevant Valuation 
Time, are within, or equal to, the Lower Barrier and the Upper Barrier. For each period, 
the relevant rate can always be subject to a Floor or a Cap.

--- Page 124 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 124 - 
47-41009328 
 
Where: 
Lower Barrier means the value specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Upper Barrier means the value specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(p) 
Barrier Reverse Convertible 
If "Barrier Reverse Convertible" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, Notes bear interest on their Aggregate Nominal Amount or on their Nominal 
Amount for each Interest Period at the relevant Interest Rate and the respective Interest 
Amount will be paid on each Interest Payment Date (expressed in each case as a 
percentage per year). 
In case of (i) Fixed Rate, the Notes will bear interest at a fixed rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; (ii) different interest rates for each Interest period, the Notes 
will bear interest at the different Interest Rates specified in the applicable Final Terms 
for the respective Interest Period; (iii) Floating Rate, the Notes will bear interest at an 
interest rate which corresponds to the offered rate for deposit in the Relevant Currency 
for the Designated Maturity. The Reference Rate is determined on the Screen Page on 
each Interest Determination Date and specified for the relevant Interest Period. 
The respective Interest Amount to be paid is calculated by multiplying the product of 
the Interest Rate and the Aggregate Nominal Amount or the Nominal Amount by the 
Day Count Fraction. 
(q) 
Benchmark replacement 
Notwithstanding the provisions in Condition 3(e) (Floating Rate), if the Issuer (in 
consultation with the Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Interest Rate and the Interest 
Amount(s)) determines a Benchmark Event has occurred, when any Interest Rate (or 
the relevant component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to a 
Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply: 
(1) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, an Independent Adviser (as defined below) to determine (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) a Successor Rate (as 
defined below) or, alternatively, if the Independent Adviser and the Issuer agree 
that there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative Benchmark Rate and, in either 
case, an alternative screen page or source (the "Alternative Relevant Screen 
Page") and an Adjustment Spread (if applicable) no later than 3 Business Days 
prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest 
Period (as applicable) (the "IA Determination Cut-off Date") for purposes of 
determining the Interest Rate applicable to the Notes for all future Interest 
Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 
3(q)); 
(2) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or if the Independent 
Adviser and the Issuer cannot agree upon, or cannot select a Successor Rate or 
an Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page prior to

--- Page 125 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 125 - 
47-41009328 
 
the IA Determination Cut-off Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) above, 
then the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) 
may determine which (if any) rate has replaced the relevant Reference Rate in 
customary market usage for purposes of determining floating rates of interest or 
reset rates of interest in respect of eurobonds denominated in the Specified 
Currency, or, if it determines that there is no such rate, which (if any) rate is 
most comparable to the relevant Reference Rate, and the Alternative 
Benchmark Rate shall be the rate so determined by the Issuer and the Alternative 
Relevant Screen Page shall be such page of an information service as displays 
the Alternative Benchmark Rate; provided however that if this sub-paragraph 
(2) applies and the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine an Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page prior to the Interest 
Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest Period in 
accordance with this sub-paragraph (2), then the Reference Rate applicable to 
such Interest Period shall be equal to the Reference Rate for a term equivalent 
to the Relevant Interest Period published on the Relevant Screen Page as at the 
last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a 
different Relevant Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Relevant Margin 
relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period). For the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph shall 
apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Period, and any subsequent 
Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as 
provided in, the first paragraph of this Condition 3(q); 
(3) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate and an Alternative 
Relevant Screen Page is determined in accordance with the preceding 
provisions, such Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative 
Relevant Screen Page shall be the benchmark and the Relevant Screen Page in 
relation to the Notes for all future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent 
operation of this Condition 3(q)); 
(4) 
if the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in 
good faith, determines that (A) an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied 
to the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate and (B) the quantum of, 
or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then 
such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate for each subsequent determination of a relevant Interest Rate 
and Interest Amount(s) (or a component part thereof) by reference to such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate. If the Independent Adviser or 
the Issuer (as applicable) is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Successor 
Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) will apply without an 
Adjustment Spread. For the avoidance of doubt, the Paying Agents shall, at the 
direction and expense of the Issuer, effect such consequential amendments to 
the Agency Agreement and these Conditions as may be required in order to give 
effect to this Condition 3(q). No Noteholder consent shall be required in 
connection with effecting the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate 
(as applicable) or such other changes, including for the execution of any 
documents or other steps by the Paying Agents (if required));

--- Page 126 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 126 - 
47-41009328 
 
(5) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate and/or Adjustment 
Spread is determined in accordance with the above provisions, the Independent 
Adviser (with the Issuer's agreement) or the Issuer (as the case may be), may 
also specify changes to the Day Count Fraction, Relevant Screen Page, Business 
Day Convention, Business Days, Interest Determination Date and/or the 
definition of Reference Rate applicable to the Notes, and the method for 
determining the fallback rate in relation to the Notes, in order to follow market 
practice in relation to the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread, which changes shall apply to the Notes for all future Interest 
Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 3(q)); and 
(6) 
the Issuer shall promptly, following the determination of any Successor Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate, give notice thereof and of any changes pursuant 
to sub-paragraph (5) above to the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(q): 
"Adjustment Spread" means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula 
or methodology for calculating a spread, which the Independent Adviser (in 
consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable), determines is required to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) in 
order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, 
any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Benchmark Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been 
made or in the case of an Alternative Benchmark Rate, the Independent Adviser 
(in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is 
recognised or acknowledged as being in customary market usage in 
international debt capital markets transactions which reference the Reference 
Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Benchmark Rate (as applicable); or 
(iii) 
if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the 
Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer), determines (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate. 
"Alternative Benchmark Rate" means such rate as the Independent Adviser and the 
Issuer acting in good faith agree has replaced the relevant Reference Rate in customary 
market usage for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest or reset rates of 
interest in respect of eurobonds denominated in the Specified Currency, or, if the 
Independent Adviser and the Issuer agree that there is no such rate, such other rate as 
the Independent Adviser and the Issuer acting in good faith agree is most comparable 
to the relevant Reference Rate, and the Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be such 
page of an information service as displays the Alternative Benchmark Rate.

--- Page 127 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 127 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(i) 
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen 
Page as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that it has 
ceased, or will cease, publishing such Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been 
appointed that will continue publication of such Reference Rate); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant 
Reference Rate that such Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Reference Rate 
(as applicable) that means that such Reference Rate will be prohibited from 
being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, 
either generally or in respect of the Notes; or 
(v) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant 
Reference that, in the view of such supervisor, (i) such Reference Rate is no 
longer representative of an underlying market or (ii) the methodology to 
calculate such Reference Rate has materially changed; or 
it has or will become unlawful for the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the relevant Reference Rate (as 
applicable) (including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation, if 
applicable). 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or other independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital 
markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a reference rate or screen rate (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the reference rate or mid swap 
floating leg benchmark rate relates, or any central bank or other supervisory 
authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the reference 
rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
reference rate relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the reference rate, (c) a group 
of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, or (d) the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
"Successor Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines is a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body.

--- Page 128 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 128 - 
47-41009328 
 
(r) 
U.S. dollar LIBOR replacement 
(1) 
Benchmark Replacement. Notwithstanding the provisions in Condition 3(e) 
(Floating Rate), if the Issuer or its designee determines that a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred 
prior to the Reference Time in respect of any determination of the Benchmark 
on any date, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current 
Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of such 
determination on such date and all determinations on all subsequent dates. 
(2) 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. In connection with the 
implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer or its designee will 
have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from 
time to time. 
(3) 
Decisions and Determinations. Any determination, decision or election that 
may be made by the Issuer or its designee pursuant to this Condition 3(r) (U.S. 
dollar LIBOR replacement), including any determination with respect to a tenor, 
rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, 
circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action 
or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, may be 
made in the Issuer or its designee's sole discretion, and, notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, shall 
become effective without consent from any other party. 
(4) 
Certain Defined Terms. As used in this Condition 3(r) (U.S. dollar LIBOR 
replacement): 
"Benchmark" means, initially, U.S. dollar LIBOR; provided that if a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with 
respect to U.S. dollar LIBOR or the then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" means 
the applicable Benchmark Replacement.  
"Benchmark Replacement" means the Interpolated Benchmark; provided that if the 
Issuer or its designee cannot determine the Interpolated Benchmark as of the 
Benchmark Replacement Date, then "Benchmark Replacement" means the first 
alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Issuer or its 
designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the sum of: (a) Term SOFR and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(ii) 
the sum of: (a) Compounded SOFR and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; 
(iii) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor and (b) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(iv) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment;

--- Page 129 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 129 - 
47-41009328 
 
(v) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer 
or its designee as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the 
applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for 
U.S. dollar denominated floating rate notes at such time and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment. 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the 
order below that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that 
has been selected by the Issuer or its designee giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining 
such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with 
the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar 
denominated floating rate notes at such time. 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes 
(including changes to the definition of "Interest Period," timing and frequency of 
determining rates and making payments of interest, changes to the definition of 
"Corresponding Tenor" when such tenor is longer, shorter than or equal to the Interest 
Period and other administrative matters) that the Issuer or its designee decides may be 
appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner 
substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer or its designee decides 
that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or 
if the Issuer or its designee determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark 
Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Issuer or its designee determines is 
reasonably necessary). 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark: 
(i) 
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event", 
the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark 
permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark; or 
(ii) 
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event", the 
date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein.

--- Page 130 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 130 - 
47-41009328 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date 
occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any 
determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior 
to the Reference Time for such determination. 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark announcing that such administrator has ceased 
or will cease to provide the Benchmark, permanently or indefinitely, provided 
that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark; 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of the 
Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for 
the Benchmark, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator 
for the Benchmark or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the 
administrator of the Benchmark has ceased or will cease to provide the 
Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the Benchmark; or 
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative. 
"Compounded SOFR" means the compounded average of SOFRs for the applicable 
Corresponding Tenor, with the rate, or methodology for this rate, and conventions for 
this rate (which will be compounded in arrears with a lookback and/or suspension 
period as a mechanism to determine the interest amount payable prior to the end of each 
Interest Period) being established by the Issuer or its designee in accordance with: 
(i) 
the rate, or methodology for this rate, and conventions for this rate selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for determining 
compounded SOFR; provided that: 
(ii) 
if, and to the extent that, the Issuer or its designee determines that Compounded 
SOFR cannot be determined in accordance with clause (i) above, then the rate, 
or methodology for this rate, and conventions for this rate that have been 
selected by the Issuer or its designee giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted market practice for U.S. dollar denominated floating rate notes at such 
time. 
"Corresponding Tenor" with respect to a Benchmark Replacement means a tenor 
(including overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding business day 
adjustment) as the applicable tenor for the then-current Benchmark.

--- Page 131 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 131 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Federal Reserve Bank of New York's Website" means the website of the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source. 
"Interpolated Benchmark" with respect to the Benchmark means the rate determined 
for the Corresponding Tenor by interpolating on a linear basis between: (1) the 
Benchmark for the longest period (for which the Benchmark is available) that is shorter 
than the Corresponding Tenor and (2) the Benchmark for the shortest period (for which 
the Benchmark is available) that is longer than the Corresponding Tenor. 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or 
supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate 
derivatives published from time to time. 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment, (which may be a positive 
or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the 
ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event 
with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor. 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index 
cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the 
applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment. 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (1) if 
the Benchmark is U.S. dollar LIBOR, 11:00 a.m. (London time) on the day that is two 
London banking days preceding the date of such determination, and (2) if the 
Benchmark is not U.S. dollar LIBOR, the time determined by the Issuer or its designee 
in accordance with the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the 
Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor 
thereto. 
"SOFR" with respect to any day means the secured overnight financing rate published 
for such day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of the 
benchmark, (or a successor administrator) on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York's 
Website. 
"Term SOFR" means the forward-looking term rate for the applicable Corresponding 
Tenor based on SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant 
Governmental Body. 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement 
excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
4. 
REDEMPTION, PURCHASE AND OPTIONS 
(a) 
Definitions 
In this Base Condition 4, unless the context requires otherwise:

--- Page 132 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 132 - 
47-41009328 
 
(i) 
Redemption amount 
The expressions "Early Redemption Amount", "Installment Amount" and 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" mean, in respect of any Note: (A) such 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or (B) if no such 
amount is specified, the principal amount of such Note. 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note: (A) 
such amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; (B) if the 
applicable Final Terms specify that "Optional Redemption Payout" is 
applicable, in respect of the relevant Optional Redemption Valuation Date (Put) 
the greater of (a) zero and (b) an amount equal to (i) the Applicable Redemption 
Proportion (if applicable) multiplied by (ii) the outstanding principal amount of 
such Note multiplied by (iii) the Final Price of the Reference Obligation(s), 
provided that: (x) if the applicable Final Terms specify that "Hedge Unwind 
Adjustment" is applicable, then the Optional Redemption Amount (Put) shall 
be adjusted upwards or downwards, as applicable, to reflect the pro rata Hedge 
Unwind Costs; or (y) if the applicable Final Terms specify that "Standard 
Unwind Adjustment" is applicable, then the Optional Redemption Amount 
(Put) shall be adjusted upwards or downwards, as applicable, to reflect the pro 
rata Standard Unwind Costs; or (C) if no amount is specified, the principal 
amount of such Note. 
"Optional Redemption Valuation Date (Put)" means the date or dates 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Final Redemption Amount" means (i) the amount as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (ii) with respect to a Note in respect of which the relevant 
Final Terms specify that the Redemption/Payment Basis is Credit Linked, the 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or if no such amount is 
specified, the outstanding principal amount of such Note or (iii) with respect to 
a Note in respect of which the relevant Final Terms specify that the 
Redemption/Payment Basis is Share Linked, Index Linked, Fund Linked, 
Inflation Linked, Commodity Linked, Debt Linked, Interest Rate Linked, Dual 
Currency Linked or FX Linked, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with one of the following formulas (each a "Final Redemption 
Formula"): 
(A) 
if "Periodical Performance" is specified as being the applicable Final 
Redemption Formula in the Final Terms: 
(i) 
Notional Amount; multiplied by 
(ii) 
the lower of [Cap; Max (Interest Participation Factor * Periodic 
Performance of Underlyingt; Fixed Percentage) +/- Margin1] +/- 
Margin2, 
(B) 
if "Normal Performance" is specified as being the applicable Final 
Redemption Formula in the Final Terms: 
(i) 
the Calculation Amount; multiplied by

--- Page 133 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 133 - 
47-41009328 
 
(ii) 
Factor A +/- (Participation Factor multiplied by Performance of 
Underlying), 
provided that the Performance of Underlying may be subject to a Floor 
or a Cap as specified in the applicable Final Terms and "Factor A" shall 
have the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms, 
(C) 
if "Normal Performance" is specified as being the applicable Final 
Redemption Formula in the Final Terms and the Reference Item is a 
Basket: 
(i) 
the Calculation Amount; multiplied by 
(ii) 
 
(1) 
1+ the sum of each of the following values calculated 
with respect to each Component: 
(a) 
Performance of Component; multiplied by 
(b) 
Component Weight, or 
(2) 
1+ the greater of (x) zero and (y) the sum of each of the 
following values calculated with respect to each 
Component: 
(a) 
Performance of Component; multiplied by 
(b) 
Component Weight, 
(D) 
if "Performance Differential" is specified as being the applicable Final 
Redemption Formula in the Final Terms and "Participation Factor" is 
specified as being applicable in the Final Terms: 
(i) 
the Calculation Amount; multiplied by 
(ii) 
1 + (Participation Factor multiplied by (Performance of 
Underlying 1 minus Performance of Underlying 2)), 
(E) 
if "Performance Differential" is specified as being applicable the 
applicable Final Redemption Formula in the Final Terms and 
"Participation Factor" is specified as not being applicable in the Final 
Terms: 
(i) 
the Calculation Amount; multiplied by 
(ii) 
1 + (Performance of Underlying 1 minus Performance of 
Underlying 2); 
(F) 
if "Digital Call Redemption" is specified as being the applicable Final 
Redemption Formula in the Final Terms:

--- Page 134 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 134 - 
47-41009328 
 
(i) 
if the Final Reference Level is equal to, or greater than, the 
Redemption Barrier Level 
Notional Amount x 100% 
(ii) 
if the Final Reference Level is lower than the Redemption 
Barrier Level 
Notional Amount x (Final Reference Level / Initial Reference 
Level) 
(G) 
if "Digital Put Redemption" is specified as being the applicable Final 
Redemption Formula in the Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the Final Reference Level is equal to, or greater than, the 
Redemption Barrier Level 
Notional Amount x 100% 
(ii) 
if the Final Reference Level is lower than the Redemption 
Barrier Level 
Notional Amount x (Final Reference Level / Initial Reference 
Level), 
(H) 
if "Final Differential Redemption" is specified as being the applicable 
Final Redemption Formula in the Final Terms: 
(i) 
Calculation Amount; multiplied by: 
(ii)  
 
(A) 
Participation Factor multiplied by the lower of (1) Cap, 
if applicable, and (2) the greater of (a) Floor, if applicable, 
and (b) the difference between the Final Reference Level 
1 and the Final Reference Level 2, or 
(B) 
Participation Factor multiplied by the lower of (1) Cap, 
if applicable, and (2) the greater of (a) Floor, if applicable, 
and (b) the difference between (X) the Final Reference 
Level 1 multiplied by Gearing 1 and (Y) the Final 
Reference Level 2 multiplied by Gearing 2, 
provided in each case that the Final Redemption Amount so determined in 
accordance with (A), (B), (C), (D), (E), (F), (G) or (H) above will not be greater 
than the Maximum Redemption Amount and will not be less than the Minimum 
Redemption Amount.

--- Page 135 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 135 - 
47-41009328 
 
In this Base Condition 4, unless the context otherwise requires, the following 
defined terms shall have the meanings set out below. 
"Periodic Performance of Underlyingt" means the Performance of Underlying 
calculated with reference to, and according with, the relevant Interest Period. 
"Performance of Underlying" where applicable, means, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
;ቂ
୊୧୬ୟ୪ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪
୍୬୧୲୧ୟ୪ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪ቃ - 1]; 
or 
(ii) Max [0; ቂ
୊୧୬ୟ୪ ୍୬୲ୣ୰ୣୱ୲ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪
୍୬୧୲୧ୟ୪ ୍୬୲ୣ୰ୣୱ୲ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪ቃ -1]. 
"Performance of Underlying 1" where applicable, with respect to Reference 
Item 1 is, as specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
ቂ
୊୧୬ୟ୪ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪
୍୬୧୲୧ୟ୪ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪ቃ - 1]; 
or 
(ii)  Max [0; ቂ
୊୧୬ୟ୪ ୍୬୲ୣ୰ୣୱ୲ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪
୍୬୧୲୧ୟ୪ ୍୬୲ୣ୰ୣୱ୲ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪ቃ -1]. 
"Performance of Underlying 2" where applicable, with respect to Reference 
Item 2 is, as specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
 ቂ
୊୧୬ୟ୪ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪
୍୬୧୲୧ୟ୪ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪ቃ - 1]; 
or 
(ii)  Max [0; ቂ
୊୧୬ୟ୪ ୍୬୲ୣ୰ୣୱ୲ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪
୍୬୧୲୧ୟ୪ ୍୬୲ୣ୰ୣୱ୲ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪ቃ -1]. 
"Performance of Component" where applicable, with respect to each 
Component of the Basket comprising the Reference Item is: 
ቂ
୊୧୬ୟ୪ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪
୍୬୧୲୧ୟ୪ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪ቃ - 1] 
Where: 
"Calculation Amount" means the amount specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
"Component Weight" is the weight of the relevant Component comprised in 
the Basket as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Final Reference Level" means (i) if Averaging is not specified as being 
applicable in the Final Terms, the Settlement Price on the Final Valuation Date,

--- Page 136 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 136 - 
47-41009328 
 
or (ii) if Averaging is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the 
average of the Settlement Prices determined on each of the Final Valuation 
Dates. 
"Final Reference Level 1" means in respect of Reference Item 1 (i) if 
Averaging is not specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the Settlement 
Price on the Final Valuation Date, or (ii) if Averaging is specified as being 
applicable in the Final Terms, the average of the Settlement Prices determined 
on each of the Final Valuation Dates. 
"Final Reference Level 2" means in respect of Reference Item 2 (i) if 
Averaging is not specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the Settlement 
Price on the Final Valuation Date, or (ii) if Averaging is specified as being 
applicable in the Final Terms, the average of the Settlement Prices determined 
on each of the Final Valuation Dates. 
"Final Valuation Date" is the date or the dates on which the Settlement Price 
is determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the Specific 
Conditions for the purposes of determining the Final Reference Level. 
"Gearing 1" is the amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Gearing 2" is the amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Initial Reference Level" is the Settlement Price on the Initial Valuation Date 
or the value with respect to the Reference Item as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"Initial Valuation Date" is the date on which the Settlement Price is 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the Specific Conditions 
for the purposes of determining the Initial Reference Level. 
"Notional Amount" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"Participation Factor" is the participation factor specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, 
the Installment Amount, the Early Redemption Amount, the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put) or such 
other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"Reference Item" is the reference item specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Item 1" is the reference item specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Item 2" is the reference item specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 137 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 137 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Settlement Price" is the value with respect to the Reference Item, Reference 
Item 1, Reference Item 2 or a Component determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the relevant date or dates in accordance with the Specific Conditions. 
(ii) 
Maturity date/period 
"Maturity Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Maturity Period" means the period from and including the Issue Date to but 
excluding the Maturity Date. 
(iii) 
Redemption Barrier Event 
If a "Redemption Barrier Event" is specified as being applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms and has occurred, each Note entitles its holder to receive on the 
Barrier Redemption Date the Barrier Redemption Amount and, if it is so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, each Note shall be redeemed on the 
Barrier Redemption Date indicated in the Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this Base Condition 4(a)(iii): 
"Barrier Redemption Amount" means the amount which the Noteholder is 
entitled to receive on the Barrier Redemption Date in the Settlement Currency 
(if applicable) in relation to each such Note, which shall be: 
(1) 
the amount indicated in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(2) 
(i) the Calculation Amount multiplied by (ii) (1 + (Participation Factor 
multiplied by Performance of Underlying)), 
provided in each case that the Barrier Redemption Amount will not be greater 
than the Barrier Maximum Amount (if any) and will not be less than the Barrier 
Minimum Amount (if any). 
"Barrier Redemption Date" means the date or the dates specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
"Redemption Barrier Event" means that 
(1) 
the Settlement Price of the Reference Item, Reference Item 1 or 
Reference Item 2 or the Components comprised in the Basket is equal 
to and/or greater than the Redemption Barrier Level on a Redemption 
Barrier Observation Date or at any time during the Redemption Barrier 
Observation Period, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(2) 
the Settlement Price of the Reference Item, Reference Item 1 or 
Reference Item 2 or the Components comprised in the Basket is equal 
to and/or less than the Redemption Barrier Level on a Redemption 
Barrier Observation Date or at any time during the Redemption Barrier 
Observation Period, as specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 138 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 138 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Redemption Barrier Level" means the barrier level specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
"Redemption Barrier Observation Date" means the date or the dates specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Redemption Barrier Observation Period" means the period specified as 
such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Maturities/Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below in accordance 
with Base Condition 4(e) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) or 4(f) (Redemption 
at the option of holders of Notes) or unless its maturity is extended pursuant to an option 
of the Issuer or holders of Notes or a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred in 
accordance with Base Condition 4(a)(iii) above, each Note (other than any Note 
specified to be a Dual Currency Redemption Note in the applicable Final Terms) will 
be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the Relevant 
Currency on the Maturity Date. 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below in accordance 
with Base Condition 4(e) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) or 4(f) (Redemption 
at the option of holders of Notes) or unless its maturity is extended pursuant to an option 
of the Issuer or holders of Notes or a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred in 
accordance with Base Condition 4(a)(iii) above, each Note specified to be Dual 
Currency Redemption Note in the applicable Final Terms will be redeemed by the 
Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the relevant Payment Currency on 
the Maturity Date. 
(c) 
Redemption for taxation reasons 
If Redemption for taxation reasons is specified in the Final Terms as being applicable, 
the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, on any 
Interest Payment Date or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, at any time, on 
giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the holders of Notes (which 
notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (together with interest 
accrued to the date fixed for redemption), if (i) based on an opinion of a nationally 
recognised law firm or other tax adviser in the relevant Taxing Jurisdiction (as 
appropriate) experienced in such matters, there is more than an unsubstantial risk that 
the Issuer (or, if the Guarantee of the Notes were called, the Guarantor) (A) has or will 
become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Base Condition 
6 (Taxation) or (B) has or will become subject to more than a de minimis additional 
amount of national income taxes (and/or, in the case of Mediobanca, regional tax on 
productive activities – IRAP) due to partial or entire limitation to the deductibility of 
any payments under the Notes (provided that, with respect to Mediobanca, as far as 
tax year 2017, any additional amount of national income taxes arising from a limitation 
of the deductibility of interest payments exceeding the 4% percentage set forth, as at 
the date of the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, in Article 96, paragraph 5-bis 
of the Italian Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986, would be considered 
as exceeding the aforesaid de minimis additional amount), in either case as a result of 
(1) any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of Luxembourg or any

--- Page 139 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 139 - 
47-41009328 
 
political subdivision thereof or any agency or authority thereof or therein having power 
to tax (in the case of payments made by or on behalf of Mediobanca International) or 
the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision thereof or any agency or authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax (in the case of payments made by or on behalf of 
Mediobanca), or (2) any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws 
or regulations, or (3) any judicial decision, official administrative pronouncement, 
published or private ruling, regulatory procedure, notice or announcement (including 
any notice or announcement of intent to adopt such procedures or regulations) (for 
purposes of this definition, an "Administrative Action"), or (4) any clarification of, or 
change in the official position or the interpretation of such Administrative Action or 
any interpretation or pronouncement that provides for a position with respect to such 
Administrative Action that differs from the generally accepted position, in each case by 
any legislative body, court, governmental, administrative or regulatory authority or 
body, irrespective of the manner in which such clarification or change is made known, 
which change, amendment, Administrative Action or clarification becomes effective 
on or after the Issue Date, and (ii) such obligations/limitations under (A) and (B) above 
cannot be avoided by the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) taking reasonable 
measures available to it which (x) do not require the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the 
case may be) to incur material out-of-pocket expenses and (y) would not otherwise be 
disadvantageous to the Issuer or the Guarantor, as determined in their discretion; 
provided that in the case under (A) above no such notice of redemption shall be given 
earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as 
the case may be) would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in 
respect of the Notes (or the Guarantee, as the case may be) then be due. Prior to the 
publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by a director of the Issuer (or the 
Guarantor, as the case may be) stating that such Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case 
may be) is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts 
showing that the conditions precedent to the right of such Issuer (or the Guarantor, as 
the case may be) so to redeem have occurred, and an opinion of independent legal 
advisers of recognised standing to the effect that there is more than an unsubstantial 
risk that the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) (A) has or will become obliged 
to pay such additional amounts or (B) has or will become subject to more than a de 
minimis additional amount of taxes, as indicated above, due to limitation of the 
deductibility of payments under the Notes as a result of such change, amendment, 
Administrative Action or clarification. 
(d) 
Purchases 
The Issuer, the Guarantor and any of the Guarantor's subsidiaries may at any time 
purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise at any price provided that all unmatured 
Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons appertaining thereto are attached or 
surrendered therewith. Without prejudice to the foregoing, if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms the Issuer will be entitled to exercise the option to repurchase from the 
holder(s), at its sole discretion, (1) all (but not part of) the Notes of the relevant Series 
(the "Total Repurchase Option") or (2) on one or more occasions, any portion of the 
Notes of the relevant Series, provided that in such circumstances the amount of the 
Notes of the relevant Series to be purchased from each holder shall be the same 
proportion that the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes of the relevant Series that 
are subject to the relevant Partial Purchase Option bears to the Aggregate Nominal

--- Page 140 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 140 - 
47-41009328 
 
Amount of all the Notes of the relevant Series then outstanding prior to the exercise of 
the relevant Partial Purchase Option (the "Partial Repurchase Option"). The Total 
Repurchase Option and the Partial Repurchase Option can only be exercised by the 
Issuer at the date(s) and the price(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Total 
Repurchase Option date or the Partial Repurchase Option date(s) and the Total 
Repurchase Option amount or Partial Repurchase Option amount(s), respectively. 
Upon exercise of the Total Repurchase Option or the Partial Repurchase Option, 
the holder(s) shall be obliged to sell to the Issuer (or any other entity indicated by 
the Issuer) all the Notes of the Series in relation to which the Total Repurchase Option 
or the Partial Repurchase Option (as the case may be) is exercised. 
(e) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, then the 
following provisions will apply: 
(1) 
If European Style is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, 
then the Issuer may, on giving irrevocable prior notice to the holders of Notes 
which can never be less than 5 (five) Business Days and must be received by 
the holders of Notes no later than the last day of the notice period specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, redeem all or, if "Partial Redemption" is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, some of the Notes. Any such redemption 
of Notes shall occur on the relevant Optional Redemption Date at their Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call), together with accrued interest (if any) up to such 
date, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(2) 
If American Style is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, 
then the Issuer may, at any time during any exercise period specified in the Final 
Terms which can never be less than 5 (five) Business Days (the "Exercise 
Period"), elects to redeem all or, if "Partial Redemption" is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, some of the Notes, by sending a notice 
to the holders of Notes which notice must be received by such holders no later 
than the end of the relevant Exercise Period. Any such redemption of Notes 
shall occur on the relevant Optional Redemption Date at their Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) together with accrued interest (if any) up to such 
date, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
In the case of a Partial Redemption, the notice to holders of Notes shall also contain the 
serial numbers of the Notes to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place 
as the Fiscal Agent may approve and in such manner as it deems appropriate, subject 
to compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange requirements. 
(f) 
Redemption at the option of holders of Notes 
If the Put Option is specified as being applicable to the Notes in the relevant Final 
Terms, then the following provisions will apply: 
(1) 
If European Style is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, 
the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any such Note, redeem such Note 
on the relevant Option Redemption Date at its Optional Redemption Amount 
(Put) together with accrued interest (if any) up to such date, unless otherwise

--- Page 141 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 141 - 
47-41009328 
 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. To exercise such option, the holder must 
deposit such Note with any Paying Agent at its specified office, together with a 
duly completed option exercise notice which can never be less than 5 (five) 
Business Days (the "Exercise Notice") in the form of obtainable from any 
Paying Agent; the Exercise Notice must be deposited with such Paying Agent 
no later than the last day of the notice period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. No Note so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn (except 
as provided in the Issue and Paying Agent Agreement) without the prior consent 
of the Issuer. 
(2) 
If American Style is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, 
the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any such Note, redeem such Note 
on the relevant Optional Redemption Date at its Optional Redemption Amount 
(Put) together with accrued interest (if any) up to such date, unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. To exercise such option which may be 
exercised at any time during any exercise period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms which can never be less than 5 (five) Business Days (the "Exercise 
Period"), the holder must deposit such Note with any Paying Agent at its 
specified office, together with a duly completed option exercise notice (the 
"Exercise Notice") in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent; the Exercise 
Notice must be deposit with such Paying Agent no later than the end of the 
relevant Exercise Period. No Note so deposited and option exercised may be 
withdrawn (except as provided in the Issue and Paying Agent Agreement) 
without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(g) 
Redemption by installments 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled in accordance with Base 
Condition 4(e) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) or 4(f) (Redemption at the 
option of holders of Notes), each Note which provides for Installment Dates and 
Installment Amounts will be partially redeemed on each Installment Date at the 
Installment Amount specified on it, whereupon the outstanding principal amount of 
such Note shall be reduced by the Installment Amount for all purposes. 
(h) 
Cancellation 
Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the Guarantor's 
subsidiaries (where applicable) may be surrendered for cancellation, by surrendering 
each such Note together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and all unexchanged 
Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, if so surrendered, will, together with all Notes redeemed 
by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with all unmatured Receipts and 
Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any 
Notes so surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations 
of the Issuer and the Guarantor (where applicable) in respect of any such Notes shall be 
discharged. 
(i) 
Specific Buy Back Provision 
If Specific Buy Back Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, upon the holder of any Note giving to the Issuer not less than 5 Business Days' 
notice in accordance with Base Condition 12 (which notice shall be irrevocable) to early

--- Page 142 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 142 - 
47-41009328 
 
redeem the Note before its scheduled maturity, the Issuer may, at its sole option, upon 
the expiry of such notice, redeem in whole or in part such Note paying an amount that 
can be less than par and that is linked to the Market Value of the Underlying 
Transactions at that moment, together, if appropriate, with any accrued but unpaid 
interest. As specified above, the Issuer has the right, in its sole option, to reject the early 
redemption request and, in particular, if the Issuer never replies to the notice, the Issuer 
is deemed to have rejected the early redemption request. 
If the Specific Buy Back Provisions are specified as being applicable to the Notes in 
the relevant Final Terms, prior to the Maturity Date the value of the Notes shall reflect 
and shall be calculated on the basis of the Market Value of the Underlying Transactions. 
The Calculation Agent may, from time to time, calculate the price of the Notes on the 
basis of the Market Value of the Underlying Transactions and, without prejudice to the 
Issuer's obligation to pay the Interest Amounts and the Redemption Amounts on the 
Notes, in the event that a holder requests the Issuer to repurchase the Notes held by it 
prior to their maturity, and the Issuer accepts such repurchase, the price of the Notes 
(the "Buy Back Price") will be a price that perfectly reflects the Market Value of such 
Underlying Transactions. 
The Specific Buy Back Provisions may apply only to Notes where Mediobanca and/or 
Mediobanca International are specified as Dealers and where the principal amount in 
respect of such Notes is equal to, at least, Euro 100,000 (or its equivalent amount in the 
Specified Currency). 
In addition, if Specific Buy Back Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Issuer shall pay an additional remuneration (the "Extra-Yield") on the 
Notes. More information on the composition of the remuneration (unbundling) shall be 
published by the Issuer from time to time together with the composition of the 
Underlying Transactions as described below. 
For the purpose of this Base Condition 4(i): 
"Buy-Back Price" means the repurchase price of the Notes to be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent, on the basis of the Market Value of the Underlying Transactions. 
"Market Value" means the close-out amount of the Underlying Transactions, including 
the relevant bid/ask prices for all the Notes and for any possible funding arrangement 
and/or coupon swap, as determined by the Calculation Agent in a fair and commercially 
reasonable manner. 
"Underlying Transactions" means any possible funding arrangement and/or coupon 
swap and/or any of the following funded or unfunded arbitrage-like financial 
transactions: (i) Cash-CDS Arbitrage, (ii) Index-Components Arbitrage, and/or (iii) 
General Funded Arbitrage, where: 
"Cash-CDS Arbitrage" means: 
Long (Short): Cash Instrument + Short (Long): Replicating CDS 
where:

--- Page 143 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 143 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Cash Instrument" means any debt obligation (including any obligation issued by the 
Issuer) or basket of debt obligations, under security or loan format, with maturities and 
notionals that can be larger, respectively, than the Maturity Date and Notional Amount 
of the relevant Notes; 
"Replicating CDS" means a credit default swap transaction having similar maturity 
and principal amount as the Cash Instrument, and having as a reference entity the Cash 
Instrument Issuer and the Cash Instrument Guarantor (including the Issuer or the 
Guarantor or the Issuer's parent or the Issuer's affiliate), or, in the case of Cash 
Instruments that are asset backed obligations or credit linked obligations, any credit 
entity or any credit risk embedded in such Cash Instrument. 
"Index-Components Arbitrage" means: 
Long (Short): Credit Index + Short (Long): CDS Components 
where: 
"Credit Index" means any of the Markit credit default swaps indices, with maturities 
and notionals that can be larger, respectively, than the Maturity Date and Notional 
Amount of the relevant Notes, and any successor and/or replacement index thereof, 
including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Markit iTraxx® and Markit CDXTM indices, 
as selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. Credit Index 
may also be a portfolio of credit default swap tranches summing up to a full capital 
structure, i.e. summing up to any such Markit credit default swap index. 
"CDS Components" means a basket of single-name credit default swap transactions 
having similar notional, maturity, coupons and reference entity as the components of 
the Credit Index. CDS Components may also be a portfolio of credit default swap 
tranches having similar maturity, aggregate notional, aggregate coupons and aggregate 
reference entities as the components of the Credit Index. 
"General Funded Arbitrage" means: 
Long (Short): Asset Instruments + Short (Long): Replicating Derivatives 
where: 
"Asset Instruments" means any asset title instrument (including funds or obligations, 
also asset-backed) linked to a credit, rates, equities, commodities or currencies), with 
maturities and notionals that can be larger, respectively, than the Maturity Date and 
Notional Amount of the relevant Notes. 
"Replicating Derivatives" means any hedging derivative contract with similar maturity 
and notional as the Asset Instruments, and having as underlying the Asset Instrument 
itself or any of its underlying financial instruments. For example: commodity certificate 
+ future ("cash and carry arbitrage"), or convertible bond + CDS + equity option 
("convertible arbitrage"). 
The Underlying Transactions will be selected from time to time by the Calculation 
Agent in its reasonable discretion and the relevant composition is subject to change 
during the life of the Notes. The composition of the Underlying Transactions (including

--- Page 144 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 144 - 
47-41009328 
 
any possible funding arrangement and/or coupon swap) shall be published from time to 
time by the Issuer on the website www.mediobanca.com or on the website of the 
Euronext Dublin or on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or on any other 
means of publication, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(j) 
Barrier Reverse Convertible structure provisions 
If Barrier Reverse Convertible provision is specified as being applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, redemption of the Notes on the Maturity Date depends on (i) the 
occurrence of the Redemption Barrier Event and (ii) the Redemption Barrier Level. 
If no Redemption Barrier Event has occurred and Barrier Reverse Convertible is 
specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, redemption is made on the 
Maturity Date by payment of the Final Redemption Amount in the Relevant Currency, 
which corresponds to the Nominal Amount of the Notes. 
If a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred redemption is made: (i) if the Final 
Reference Level is equal to or greater than the Initial Reference Level, by payment of 
the Barrier Redemption Amount in the Relevant Currency, which corresponds to the 
Nominal Amount of the Notes; and (ii) if the Final Reference Level is lower than the 
Initial Reference Level, by either delivery of a quantity of the Underlying in a quantity 
expressed by, and determined according to, the Ratio per Notes or payment, in the 
Relevant Currency, of an amount per Note equal to the Ratio multiplied by the Final 
Reference Level. 
Where: 
"Ratio" means Nominal Amount / Initial Reference Level 
(k) 
Reverse Convertible structure provisions 
If Reverse Convertible provision is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, redemption of the Notes on the Maturity Date depends on the Final Reference 
Level. 
If the Final Reference Level is equal to or greater than the Strike Level, redemption is 
made on the Maturity Date by payment of the Final Redemption Amount in the 
Relevant Currency, which corresponds to the Nominal Amount of the Notes. 
If the Final Reference Level is lower than the Strike Level, redemption is made on the 
Maturity Date by either, delivery of a quantity of the Underlying in a quantity expressed 
by, and determined according to, the Ratio per Notes or payment, in the Relevant 
Currency, of an amount per Note equal to the Ratio multiplied by the Final Reference 
Level. 
For the purpose of this Condition 4(k): 
"Final Reference Level" means the Settlement Price on the Final Strike Observation 
Date.

--- Page 145 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 145 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Final Strike Observation Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms, on which the Final Reference Level is determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
"Initial Reference Level" means the Settlement Price on the Initial Strike Observation 
Date 
"Initial Strike Observation Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Ratio" means Nominal Amount / Initial Reference Level. 
"Strike Level" means the value or the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
(l) 
Bonus structure provisions 
If Bonus provision is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
redemption of the Notes on the Maturity Date will be calculated on the following basis: 
(A) 
if the Final Reference Level is equal to or greater than the Initial Reference 
Level and the Bonus Stop (European) and the Bonus Stop (American) have not 
occurred: 
(a) 
Notional Amount * max [(Initial Reference Level*Bonus Factor); Final 
Reference Level]*Multiplier, or 
(b) 
Notional Amount * min {(Initial Reference Level*Bonus Cap); max 
[(Initial 
Reference 
Level*Bonus 
Factor); 
Final 
Reference 
Level]}*Multiplier 
(B) 
if the Final Reference Level is lower than the Initial Reference Level and the 
Bonus Stop (European) and the Bonus Stop (American) have not occurred: 
Notional Amount per Note, or 
(C) 
if the Bonus Stop (European) or the Bonus Stop (American) has occurred: 
Notional Amount*(Final Reference Level / Initial Reference Level) 
Where: 
the "Bonus Stop (European)" has occurred in relation to a Reference Item 
when the relevant Final Reference Level is lower than the Bonus Level on an 
Observation Date; and 
the "Bonus Stop (American)" has occurred in relation to a Reference Item 
when the relevant Final Reference Level is lower than the Bonus Level at any 
time during the Observation Period. 
"Bonus Cap" means the value specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 146 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 146 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Bonus Factor" means the value or the percentage specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"Bonus Level" means the value or the percentage specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(m) 
Autocallable structure provisions 
If the Autocallable condition is satisfied on any Valuation Date prior to the final 
Valuation Date, the Notes will be subject to early redemption. If the Autocall condition 
is not satisfied on any Valuation Date prior to the final Valuation Date, the Notes will 
be redeemed on the Redemption Date at an amount equal to their Final Redemption 
Amount. 
(A) 
the Notes shall be automatically redeemed early on a Barrier Payment Date at 
their Notional Amount, plus any remuneration amount accrued up to such date, 
if on such date the Final Reference Level is greater than the Autocallable Strike 
Level. In such event, the Final Redemption Amount shall be paid on the third 
Business Day following such Barrier Payment Date and will be an amount in 
the Relevant Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
discretion in accordance with the following: 
Notional Amount * (1+Remuneration Percentaget) 
(B) 
if the Notes are not automatically early redeemed as described above, as follow: 
(a) 
if the Final Reference Level is equal to or greater than the Barrier Level 
on the Valuation Date: 
Notional Amount * (1+Remuneration Percentaget) 
(b) 
if the Final Reference Level is lower than the Barrier Level on the 
Valuation Date: 
Notional Amount*Participation Factor*(Final Reference Level / Initial 
Reference Level) 
Where: 
"Remuneration Percentaget" means the Remuneration Percentage for the 
Remuneration Periodt. 
"Remuneration Periodt" means the Remuneration Period in which the 
automatic early redemption event described under A) above has occurred. 
(n) 
Stability structure provisions 
If Stability provision is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
redemption of the Notes on the Maturity Date will be calculated on the following basis: 
(A) 
If Stability Break Event has occurred before the Final Valuation Date, the Final 
Redemption Amount will be equal to:

--- Page 147 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 147 - 
47-41009328 
 
Notional Amount * Max {0%; 100% - Multiplier *Redemption Barrier Level – 
(
୊୧୬ୟ୪ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪ሺ୲ሻ
୊୧୬ୟ୪ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪ሺ୲ିଵሻ)]} 
(B) 
If a Stability Break Event has not occurred before the Final Valuation Date, the 
Final Redemption Amount will be equal to: 
100% * Notional Amount 
Where: 
"Stability Break Event" is achieved if the performance of the Reference Item 
between two consecutive Business Days satisfies the following formula: 
[(Final Reference Levelt – Final Reference Level t-1)/ Final Reference Level t-1] 
< Stability Level 
"Final Reference Levelt" means the value indicated as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"Final Reference Level t-1" means the value indicated as such in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
"Stability Level" means the value indicated as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(o) 
Airbag structure provisions 
If Airbag provision is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
redemption of the Notes on the Maturity Date will be calculated on the following basis: 
(A) 
If the Final Reference Level is greater than, or equal to, the Initial Reference 
Level on the Valuation Date, regardless of whether or not an Airbag Event has 
occurred: 
Notional Amount * [100% + Participation Factor * (ቂ
୊୧୬ୟ୪ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪
୍୬୧୲୧ୟ୪ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪ቃ - 1])] 
(B) 
If the Final Reference Level is greater than, or equal to, the Initial Reference 
Level on the Valuation Date and the Airbag Cap is specified as being applicable 
in the Final Terms, regardless of whether or not an Airbag Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount * {100% + min [Participation Factor * ቂ
୊୧୬ୟ୪ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪
୍୬୧୲୧ୟ୪ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪ቃ 
- 1]); Airgbag Cap)]} 
(C) 
If the Final Reference Level is lower than the Initial Reference Level on the 
Valuation Date, but the Final Reference Level is greater than the Airbag Level: 
Notional Amount per Note 
(D) 
If the Final Reference Level is lower than the or equal to the Airbag Level on 
the Valuation Date:

--- Page 148 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 148 - 
47-41009328 
 
Notional Amount * Airbag Factor * (Final Reference Level / Initial Reference 
Level) 
Where: 
For the purpose of this Base Condition 4(n) the "Airbag Event" has occurred 
in relation to a Reference Item when the relevant Final Reference Level is lower 
than the Airbag Level on an Observation Date or at any time during an 
Observation Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Airbag Cap" means the value specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Airbag Factor" means the value specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Airbag Level" means the value specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
5. 
PAYMENTS AND TALONS 
(a) 
Payments outside the United States 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Notes will, subject as mentioned below, 
be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Receipts (in the case of 
payments of Installment Amounts other than on the due date for redemption and 
provided that the Receipts are presented for payment together with their relative 
Notes), Notes (in the case of all other payments of principal and, in the case of interest 
as specified in Base Condition 5(e)(vi)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as 
specified in Base Condition 5(e)(ii)), as the case may be, at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the currency in which 
such payment is due drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, by transfer to an account 
denominated in that currency with, a bank in the principal financial centre of that 
currency: provided that in the case of Euro, the transfer may be to a Euro account. 
(b) 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Notes are denominated in US Dollars, payments 
in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York 
City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents 
with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that 
such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the 
manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such 
offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then 
permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any 
adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(c) 
Payments subject to law, etc. 
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations 
and directives, but without prejudice to the provisions of Base Condition 6 (Taxation). 
No commission or expenses shall be charged to the holders of Notes or Couponholders 
in respect of such payments.

--- Page 149 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 149 - 
47-41009328 
 
(d) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by 
the Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the 
Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor (where applicable) and do not assume any obligation or relationship of 
agency or trust for or with any holder. The Issuer and the Guarantor (where applicable) 
reserve the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, 
any other Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Registrar or any Transfer Agent and 
to appoint additional or other agents provided that the Issuer will at all times maintain 
(i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) a Calculation Agent where the Conditions so require one, (iii) 
the Issuer and the Guarantor (where applicable) will ensure that they maintain a Paying 
Agent in an EU member state, (iv) Paying Agents having a specified office in at least 
two major European cities (including Luxembourg so long as the Notes are listed on 
the Official List of the Euronext Dublin), and (v) such other agents as may be required 
by the rules of any other stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York in respect 
of any Notes denominated in US Dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph 
(b) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office will promptly be given 
to the holders of Notes in accordance with Base Condition 12 (Notices). 
(e) 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons 
(i) 
Unless the Notes provide that the relative Coupons are to become void upon the 
due date for redemption of those Notes, Notes should be surrendered for 
payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) appertaining thereto, 
failing which an amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured 
Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, that proportion of 
the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon which the sum of principal so 
paid bears to the total principal due) will be deducted from the Redemption 
Amount due for payment. Any amount so deducted will be paid in the manner 
mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of 
10 years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether or 
not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Base Condition 7 (Prescription)). 
(ii) 
If the relevant Notes so provide, upon the due date for redemption of any Note, 
unmatured Coupons relating to such Notes (whether or not attached) shall 
become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Note, any unexchanged Talon relating 
to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall 
be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Note which is redeemable in 
installments, all Receipts relating to such Note having an Installment Date 
falling on or after such due date (whether or not attached) shall become void 
and no payment shall be made in respect of them.

--- Page 150 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 150 - 
47-41009328 
 
(v) 
Where any Note which provides that the relative Coupons are to become void 
upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption 
without all unmatured Coupons and any unexchanged Talon relating to it, and 
where any Note is presented for redemption without any unexchanged Talon 
relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provisions of such 
indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(vi) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of 
interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or 
the Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable 
against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Note. Interest 
accrued on a Note which only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be 
payable on redemption of such Note against presentation of the relevant Note. 
(f) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon 
sheet issued in respect of any Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may 
be surrendered to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon 
sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any 
Coupons which may have become void pursuant to Base Condition 7 (Prescription)). 
(g) 
Non-Business Days 
If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a 
Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the holder shall not be entitled to 
payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business 
Day in such place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in 
respect of any such delay. 
In this Base Condition 5(g) (Non-Business Days): 
"Additional Financial Centre" means the city or the cities specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; and 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day 
and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if 
any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings 
in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
6. 
TAXATION 
(a) 
Gross Up 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes, the Receipts and the 
Coupons by the Issuer or (as the case may be) the Guarantor under the Deed of 
Guarantee will be made without withholding or deduction for, or on the account of, any

--- Page 151 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 151 - 
47-41009328 
 
present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg or any political 
subdivision thereof or any agency or authority therein or thereof having power to tax 
(in the case of payments made by or on behalf of Mediobanca International) or the 
Republic of Italy or any political subdivision thereof or any agency or authority therein 
or thereof having power to tax (in the case of payments made by or on behalf of 
Mediobanca), unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental changes is required by law. In that event, the Issuer or, as the case may 
be, the Guarantor will pay such additional amounts as may be necessary in order that 
the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons after such 
withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest 
which would have been received in respect of the Notes, Receipts or (as the case may 
be) Coupons, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no additional 
amounts shall be payable with respect to any payment in respect of any Note, Receipt 
or Coupon or (as the case may be) under the Deed of Guarantee: 
(i) 
(A) to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is subject to such taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note, Receipt or 
Coupon by reason of its having some connection (otherwise than merely by 
holding the Note, Receipt or Coupon) with (in the case of payments of principal 
and interest made by or on behalf of Mediobanca International) the Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg or (in the case of payments of principal and interest made 
by or on behalf of Mediobanca and in respect of payments by Mediobanca under 
the Deed of Guarantee) the Republic of Italy; or (B) for or on account of imposta 
sostitutiva pursuant to Decree No. 239, or related implementing regulations; or 
(C) in all circumstances in which the requirements and procedures of Decree 
No. 239 and related implementing rules have not been properly and promptly 
met or complied with (except where due to the actions or omissions of the Issuer, 
the Guarantor or their agents); or (D) for or on account of withholding tax on 
Notes qualifying as atypical securities (titoli atipici) for Italian tax purposes, 
pursuant to Decree No. 512; or (E) to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder 
who is entitled to avoid such withholding or deduction in respect of such Note, 
Receipt or Coupon by making a declaration or any other statement, including, 
but not limited to, a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for 
exemption to the relevant taxing authority or intermediary/paying agent, but has 
failed to do so properly and promptly; or 
(ii) 
(in the case of payments of principal and interest made by or on behalf of 
Mediobanca and in respect of payments by Mediobanca under the Deed of 
Guarantee) to a holder who is a non-Italian resident or individual or legal entity 
which is resident in any country, state or territory which does not allow for an 
adequate exchange of information with the Italian tax authorities (not included 
in the Decree of the Minister of Finance dated 4 September 1996, as amended 
and supplemented from time to time and updated every six month period 
according to Article 11, par. 4, let. c) of Decree No. 239); or 
(iii) 
for any Note, Receipt or Coupon presented for payment more than 30 days after 
the Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been 
entitled to such additional amount on presenting the same for payment on the 
thirtieth such day; or

--- Page 152 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 152 - 
47-41009328 
 
(iv) 
in the case any Luxembourg tax duties are due in relation to the voluntary 
registration of any Note, Receipt or Coupon when such registration is not 
required to maintain, preserve, establish or enforce the rights of the holder; or 
(v) 
(in the case of payments of principal and interest made by or on behalf of 
Mediobanca) where withholding or deduction is required by law pursuant to 
Italian Presidential Decree No. 600 of 29 September 1973 or to Italian 
Legislatuve Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983; or 
(vi) 
in any case, where in the Final Terms it is expressly specified under the section 
entitled "Taxation" that "Gross Up" will not apply with respect to any Note, 
Receipt or Coupon pursuant to this point (viii) of Base Condition 6(a) (Taxation 
– Gross Up), 
without prejudice to the option of the Issuer to redeem the Notes pursuant to, and 
subject to the conditions of, Base Condition 4(c) (Redemption for taxation reasons). 
(b) 
Taxing Jurisdiction 
If the Issuer or the Guarantor (where applicable) becomes subject at any time to any 
taxing jurisdiction other than the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg or the Republic of Italy 
respectively, references in these Base Conditions to Luxembourg or Italy shall be 
construed as references to the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg or (as the case may be) the 
Republic of Italy and/or such other jurisdiction. 
As used in these Base Conditions, "Relevant Date" in respect of any Note, Receipt or 
Coupon means the date on which payment in respect thereof first becomes due or (if 
any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which 
payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date on which 
notice is duly given to the holders of Notes in accordance with Base Condition 12 
(Notices) that, upon further presentation of the Note, Receipt or Coupon being made in 
accordance with the Base Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that 
payment is in fact made upon such presentation. References in these Base Conditions 
to (i) "principal" shall be deemed to include any premium payable in respect of the 
Notes, all Installment Amounts, Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts and 
all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Base Condition 4 
(Redemption, Purchase and Options) or any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) 
"interest" shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts 
payable pursuant to Base Condition 3 (Interest and other Calculations) or any 
amendment or supplement to it and (iii) "principal" and/or "interest" shall be deemed 
to include any additional amounts which may be payable under this Base Condition. 
7. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims against the Issuer and the Guarantor (where applicable) for payment in respect 
of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons (which, for this purpose shall not include Talons) 
shall be prescribed and become void unless made within ten years (in the case of 
principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in 
respect thereof. 
8. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT

--- Page 153 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 153 - 
47-41009328 
 
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing, the holder of a Note of any 
Series may give written notice to the Fiscal Agent at its specified office that such Note 
is immediately repayable, whereupon the Early Redemption Amount of such Note 
together with accrued interest to the date of payment shall become immediately due and 
payable: 
(A) 
Default in payment of principal or interest: default is made for a period of five 
Business Days or more in the payment of any principal on any of the Notes or 
for a period of fifteen Business Days or more in the payment of any interest due 
in respect of the Notes or any of them; 
(B) 
Failure to perform any other Obligation: the Issuer or the Guarantor (where 
applicable) fails duly to perform any other obligation under or in respect of the 
Notes, the Deed of Guarantee or the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement and 
such failure continues for more than 30 days after the service by a holder of a 
Note of notice on the Issuer requiring the same to be remedied; 
(C) 
General suspension of payments: the Issuer or the Guarantor (where applicable) 
suspends its payments generally; 
(D) 
Bankruptcy, composition or similar event: a court in the country of domicile of 
the Issuer or the Guarantor (where applicable) institutes bankruptcy proceedings 
or composition proceedings to avert a bankruptcy or the Issuer or the Guarantor 
(where applicable) applies for institution of such proceedings or any event 
occurs which under the laws of the Republic of Italy or Luxembourg has an 
analogous effect to such proceedings; 
(E) 
Cross-default: (i) any other present or future indebtedness of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor (where applicable) for or in respect of moneys borrowed or raised 
becomes due and payable prior to its stated maturity as a result of any payment 
default thereon by the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor (where 
applicable), or (ii) any such indebtedness is not paid when due or, as the case 
may be, within an applicable grace period, or (iii) the Issuer or the Guarantor 
(where applicable) fails to pay when due any amount payable by it under any 
present or future guarantee for, or indemnity in respect of any moneys borrowed 
or raised provided that an event of default pursuant to this Base Condition 8(E) 
shall only occur if: (A) the aggregate amount of the relevant indebtedness, 
guarantees and indemnities in respect of which one of the events mentioned in 
paragraphs (i), (ii) or (iii) above have occurred and is continuing exceeds 
€35,000,000 and (B) the Issuer or the Guarantor (where applicable) is not 
contesting in good faith in a competent court in a recognised jurisdiction that 
the relevant indebtedness or guarantee and/or indemnity is due and enforceable, 
as appropriate; 
(F) 
Insolvency: either the Issuer or the Guarantor (where applicable) is (or is 
deemed by law or a court to be) insolvent or bankrupt or unable to pay its debts, 
proposes or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with 
or for the benefit of the relevant creditors in respect of any of such debts or a 
moratorium is agreed or declared in respect of or affecting all or any part of (or 
of a particular type of) the debts of the Issuer or the Guarantor (where 
applicable);

--- Page 154 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 154 - 
47-41009328 
 
(G) 
Winding-up: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the 
winding-up or dissolution or administration of the Issuer or the Guarantor 
(where applicable), or the Issuer or the Guarantor (where applicable) applies or 
petitions for a winding-up or administration order in respect of itself or ceases 
or threatens to cease to carry on all or substantially all of its business or 
operations, in each case except for the purposes of and pursuant to or in 
connection with a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger, de-
merger, consolidation, deconsolidation or disposal or contribution in kind of 
assets or branches of business; 
(H) 
Ownership: in respect of Notes issued by Mediobanca International, 
Mediobanca International ceases to be controlled by Mediobanca (except in the 
case of a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger, de-merger, 
consolidation or similar transaction by which Mediobanca assumes the payment 
obligations of Mediobanca International under the Notes). 
(I) 
Illegality: it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer or the Guarantor (where 
applicable) to perform or comply with any one or more of its obligations under 
any of the Notes or the Deed of Guarantee (where applicable); or 
(J) 
Guarantee: in respect of Notes issued by Mediobanca International, the Deed 
of Guarantee (where applicable) ceases to be a valid and binding obligation of 
the Guarantor or it becomes unlawful for the Guarantor to perform its 
obligations under the Deed of Guarantee or the Deed of Guarantee is claimed 
by Mediobanca International or the Guarantor not to be in full force and effect 
(except in the case of a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger, 
de-merger, consolidation or similar transaction by which Mediobanca assumes 
the payment obligations of Mediobanca International under the Notes). 
9. 
MEETINGS OF HOLDERS OF NOTES AND MODIFICATIONS 
(a) 
Meetings of holders of Notes 
Articles 470-3 to 470-19 of the Luxembourg law dated 10 August 1915, as amended, 
are not applicable to the Notes. 
The Issue and Paying Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings 
of holders of Notes to consider any matter affecting their interest, including 
modification by Extraordinary Resolution of the Notes (including these Base 
Conditions insofar as the same may apply to such Notes). An Extraordinary Resolution 
duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the holders of Notes, whether 
present or not and on all relevant holders of Coupons, except that any Extraordinary 
Resolution proposed, inter alia, (i) to amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the 
Notes, any Installment Date or any date for payment of interest thereon, (ii) to reduce 
or cancel the principal amount or an Installment Amount of, or any premium payable 
on redemption of, the Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of the 
Notes or to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest 
or the basis for calculating the Interest Amount in respect thereof, (iv) if a Minimum 
and/or a Maximum Interest Amount, Interest Rate, Installment Amount or Redemption 
Amount is shown in the Final Terms, to reduce any such Minimum and/or Maximum, 
(v) to change any method of calculating the Redemption Amount, (vi) to vary the

--- Page 155 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 155 - 
47-41009328 
 
currency or currencies of payment or denomination of the Notes, (vii) to modify the 
provisions contained concerning the quorum required at any meeting of holders of 
Notes or any adjournment thereof or concerning the majority required to pass an 
Extraordinary Resolution, (viii) to modify the provisions which would have the effect 
of giving any authority, direction or sanction which under the Notes is required to be 
given pursuant to a meeting of holders of Notes to which the special quorum provisions 
apply, (ix) to take any steps which as specified in the Final Terms may only be taken 
following approval by an Extraordinary Resolution to which the special quorum 
provisions apply or (x) to amend the foregoing exceptions in any manner, will only be 
binding if passed at a meeting of the holders of Notes (or at any adjournment thereof) 
at which a special quorum (provided for in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement) is 
present. 
(b) 
Modification of Issue and Paying Agency Agreement 
The Issuer and the Guarantor shall only permit any modification of, or any waiver or 
authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of or any failure to comply with, the 
Issue and Paying Agency Agreement, if to do so could not reasonably be expected to 
be prejudicial to the interests of the holders of Notes. 
(c) 
Errors or inconsistencies 
The Issuer and the Guarantor may, without the prior consent of the holders of the Notes 
correct (i) any manifest error in these Base Conditions, the Specific Conditions and/or 
in the Final Terms, (ii) any error of a formal, minor or technical nature in these Base 
Conditions, the Specific Conditions and/or in the Final Terms or (iii) any inconsistency 
in these Base Conditions, the Specific Conditions and/or in the Final Terms between 
these Base Conditions, the Specific Conditions and/or in the Final Terms and any other 
documents prepared in connection with the issue and/or offer of a Series of Notes 
(provided such correction is not materially prejudicial to the holders of the relevant 
Series of Notes). Any such correction shall be binding on the holders of the relevant 
Notes and the Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable) shall cause such correction to be 
notified to the holders of the Notes as soon as practicable thereafter pursuant to Base 
Condition 12 (Notices). 
10. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, RECEIPTS, COUPONS AND TALONS 
If a Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it 
may be replaced, subject to applicable laws and stock exchange regulations, at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent as may from time to 
time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is 
given to holders in accordance with Base Condition 12 (Notices), in each case on 
payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on 
such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that 
if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is subsequently 
presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there 
will be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such 
Notes, Receipts, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. 
Mutilated or defaced Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued.

--- Page 156 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 156 - 
47-41009328 
 
11. 
FURTHER ISSUES AND CONSOLIDATION 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the holders of Notes or 
Coupons create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the 
Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the Issue Price, the Issue Date and/or 
the first payment of interest) and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a 
single series with such Notes, and references in these Base Conditions to "Notes" shall 
be construed accordingly. 
The Issuer may also from time to time upon not less than 30 days' prior notice to 
Noteholders, without the consent of the holders of Notes or Coupons of any Series, 
consolidate the Notes with Notes of one or more other Series (the "Other Notes") 
issued by it, provided the Notes and the Other Notes have been redenominated into 
Euro (if not originally denominated in Euro), and otherwise have, in respect of all 
periods subsequent to such consolidation, the same terms. Notice of any such 
consolidation will be given to the Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 12 
(Notices). The Fiscal Agent shall act as the consolidation agent. 
With effect from their consolidation, the Notes and the Other Notes will (if listed prior 
to such consolidation) be listed on at least one European stock exchange on which either 
the Notes or the Other Notes were listed immediately prior to such consolidation. 
The Issuer shall in dealing with holders of such Notes following a consolidation 
pursuant to this Base Condition 11 (Further Issues and Consolidation) have regard to 
the interest of the holders and the holders of the Other Notes, taken together as a class, 
and shall treat them alike. 
12. 
NOTICES 
Notices to the holders of Notes will be valid if (i) until such time as any Definitive 
Notes are issued, the notice is delivered to the relevant Clearing System(s), for 
communication by them to the holders of Notes; and (ii) if and so long as the Notes are 
admitted to trading on the Euronext Dublin's regulated market and listed on the Official 
List of the Euronext Dublin, the notice is published in accordance with the rules and 
regulations of the Euronext Dublin (which shall include publication in a leading 
newspaper having general circulation in Ireland or on the website of the Euronext 
Dublin (www.ise.ie) or on the website of the relevant Issuer (www.mediobanca.it or 
www.mediobancaint.lu) and the Guarantor (www.mediobanca.it). If any such 
publication is not practicable, notice will be validly given if published in another 
leading daily English language newspaper of general circulation in Europe. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, 
if published more than once or on different dates, on the date of the first publication as 
provided above. 
Holders of Coupons shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of 
any notice to the holders of Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
13. 
SUBSTITUTION OF THE ISSUER

--- Page 157 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 157 - 
47-41009328 
 
(a) 
The Issuer and, in case of Notes issued by Mediobanca International, the Guarantor 
may at any time, without the consent of the holders of Notes or Coupons, substitute 
Mediobanca in place of Mediobanca International or Mediobanca International in place 
of Mediobanca (the "Substitute") upon notice by the Issuer, the Guarantor (in case of 
Notes issued by Mediobanca International) and the Substitute to be given in accordance 
with Base Condition 12 (Notices), provided that; 
(i) 
no payment in respect of the Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons or the Deed of 
Guarantee (as the case may be) is at the relevant time overdue; 
(ii) 
the Substitute shall, by means of a deed poll in the form scheduled to the 
Programme Manual as Schedule 12 (the "Deed Poll"), agree to indemnify each 
holder of Notes and Coupons against any incremental tax, duty, assessment or 
governmental charge which is imposed on it by (or by any authority in or of) 
the jurisdiction of the country of the Substitute's residence for tax purposes and, 
if different, of its incorporation with respect to any Note, Receipt, Coupon, 
Talon or the Deed of Covenant and which would not have been so imposed or 
otherwise suffered by any holder of Notes, Receipts or Coupons had the 
substitution not been made, as well as against any tax, duty, assessment or 
governmental charge, and any cost or expense, relating to the substitution; 
(iii) 
in respect of Notes issued by Mediobanca International, where the Substitute is 
not the Guarantor, the obligations of the Substitute under the Deed Poll, the 
Notes, Receipts, Coupons, Talons and Deed of Covenant shall be 
unconditionally guaranteed by the Guarantor by means of the Deed Poll, in 
accordance with the terms thereof; 
(iv) 
all actions, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done 
(including the obtaining of any necessary consents) to ensure that the Deed Poll, 
the Notes, Receipts, Coupons, Talons and Deed of Covenant represent valid, 
legally binding and enforceable obligations of the Substitute and, where 
applicable, of the Guarantor have been taken, fulfilled and done and are in full 
force and effect; 
(v) 
the Substitute shall have become party to the Issue and Paying Agency 
Agreement, with any appropriate consequential amendments, as if it had been 
an original party to it; 
(vi) 
legal opinions shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent and Dealers from 
lawyers of recognised standing in each jurisdiction referred to in (ii) above, in 
Italy and in England as to the fulfillment of the requirements of this Base 
Condition 13 (Substitution of the Issuer) and the other matters specified in the 
Deed Poll and that the Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons are legal, valid and 
binding obligations of the Substitute; 
(vii) 
each stock exchange on which the Notes are listed shall have confirmed that, 
following the proposed substitution of the Substitute, the Notes will continue to 
be listed on such stock exchange;

--- Page 158 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 158 - 
47-41009328 
 
(viii) if applicable, the Substitute has appointed a process agent as its agent in England 
to receive service of process on its behalf in relation to any legal proceedings 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes. 
(b) 
Upon the execution of the Deed Poll and the delivery of the legal opinions, the 
Substitute shall succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and 
power, of the Issuer under the Notes and the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement with 
the same effect as if the Substitute had been named as the Issuer herein, and the Issuer 
shall be released from its obligations under the Notes and under the Issue and Paying 
Agency Agreement. 
(c) 
After a substitution pursuant to Base Condition 13(a) above, the Substitute may, 
without the consent of any holder, effect a further substitution. All the provisions 
specified in Base Conditions 13(a) and 13(b) above shall apply mutatis mutandis, and 
references in these Base Conditions to the Issuer shall, where the context so requires, 
be deemed to be or include references to any such further Substitute. 
(d) 
After a substitution pursuant to Base Condition 13(a) or 13(c) above any Substitute may, 
without the consent of any holder, reverse the substitution, mutatis mutandis. 
(e) 
The Deed Poll and all documents relating to the substitution shall be delivered to, and 
kept by, the Fiscal Agent. Copies of such documents will be available free of charge at 
the specified office of the Paying Agent. 
14. 
LAW AND JURISDICTION 
(a) 
Governing Law 
If it is specified in the Final Terms that English law is applicable to the Notes, the Notes 
and any contractual or non-contractual obligations arising from or connected with the 
Notes are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law, save 
that the status provisions applicable to the Notes and the contractual recognition of bail-
in powers provisions, and any non contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with such provisions, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance 
with, Italian law (if the Notes are issued by Mediobanca, as better described in Base 
Condition 15 (Acknowledgement of the Italian bail-in power)) or Luxembourgish law 
(if the Notes are issued by Mediobanca International, as better described in Base 
Condition 16 (Acknowledgement of the Luxembourg bail-in power), as applicable. If it 
is specified in the Final Terms that Italian law is applicable to the Notes, the Notes are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. For the avoidance 
of doubt, Articles 470-3 to 470 19 of the Luxembourg Company Law shall not apply to 
the Notes. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
If it is specified in the Final Terms that English law is applicable to the Notes, the courts 
of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a "Dispute"), arising from 
or connected with the Notes, whether arising out of or in connection with contractual 
or non-contractual obligations. If it is specified in the Final Terms that Italian law is 
applicable to the Notes, the Courts of Milan shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle 
any disputes that may arise out of or in connection with these Notes.

--- Page 159 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 159 - 
47-41009328 
 
(c) 
Appropriate forum 
If it is specified in the Final Terms that English law is applicable to the Notes, each of 
the Issuer and the Guarantor (where applicable) agree that the courts of England are the 
most appropriate and convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that they 
will not argue to the contrary. 
(d) 
Service of notices/documents 
If it is specified in the Final Terms that English law is applicable, each of the Issuer and 
the Guarantor (where applicable) agree that the documents which start any proceedings 
relating to a Dispute ("Proceedings") and any other documents required to be served 
in relation to those Proceedings may be served on them by being delivered to 
Mediobanca – London Branch 33 Grosvenor Place, London SW1X 7HY United 
Kingdom. If such person is not or ceases to be effectively appointed to accept service 
of process on behalf of the Issuer and the Guarantor (where applicable), the Issuer and 
the Guarantor (where applicable) shall, on the written demand of any Noteholder 
addressed and delivered to the Issuer and to the Guarantor (where applicable) or to the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent appoint a further person in England to accept service 
of process on their behalf and, failing such appointment within 15 days, any Noteholder 
shall be entitled to appoint such a person by written notice addressed to the Issuer and 
the Guarantor (where applicable) and delivered to the Issuer and the Guarantor (where 
applicable) or to the specified office of the Fiscal Agent. Nothing in this paragraph shall 
affect the right of any Noteholder to serve process in any other manner permitted by 
law. This clause applies to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings elsewhere. 
(e) 
Non-applicable Base Conditions if Italian law applies to the Notes 
If it is specified in the Final Terms that Italian law is applicable, Base Conditions 14(c) 
(Appropriate forum), and 14(d) (Service of notices/documents) above shall not apply. 
15. 
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF THE ITALIAN BAIL-IN POWER 
Notwithstanding any provision of these Conditions or any other agreements, 
arrangements, or understandings between the Issuers and the Guarantor (where 
applicable) and any holder, and without prejudice to Article 55(1) of the BRRD, by its 
acquisition of the Notes each holder (which, for the purposes of this Condition 15, 
includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes) acknowledges, accepts, 
consents to and agrees to be bound by: 
(a) 
the effects of the exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority, 
which exercise may include and result in any of the following, or some 
combination thereof: (i) the reduction of all, or a portion, of the principal amount 
in respect of the Notes together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon 
and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; (ii) the conversion 
of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in respect of the Notes together with 
any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) 
due in relation thereto, into ordinary shares, other securities or other obligations 
of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to or conferral on the holder of 
such shares, securities or obligations), including by means of an amendment, 
modification or variation of these Conditions; (iii) the cancellation of the Notes

--- Page 160 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 160 - 
47-41009328 
 
or the principal amount in respect of the Notes together with any accrued but 
unpaid interest due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation 
thereto; and (iv) the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or 
amendment of the amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which 
the interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary 
period; and 
(b) 
the variation of these Conditions, as deemed necessary by the Relevant 
Authority, to give effect to the exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by the 
Relevant Authority. 
The exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority shall not constitute 
an event of default and these Conditions shall remain in full force and effect save as 
varied by the Relevant Authority in accordance with this Condition 15. 
16. 
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF THE LUXEMBOURG BAIL-IN POWER 
Notwithstanding any provision of these Conditions or any other agreements, 
arrangements, or understandings between the Issuers and the Guarantor (where 
applicable) and any holder, and without prejudice to Article 55(1) of the BRRD, by its 
acquisition of the Notes each holder (which, for the purposes of this Condition 16, 
includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes) acknowledges, accepts, 
consents to and agrees to be bound by: 
(a) 
the effects of the exercise of the Luxembourg Bail-in Power by the Relevant 
Authority, which exercise may include and result in any of the following, or 
some combination thereof: (i) the reduction of all, or a portion, of the principal 
amount in respect of the Notes together with any accrued but unpaid interest 
due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; (ii) the 
conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in respect of the Notes 
together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional 
amounts (if any) due in relation thereto, into ordinary shares, other securities or 
other obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to or conferral 
on the holder of such shares, securities or obligations), including by means of 
an amendment, modification or variation of these Conditions; (iii) the 
cancellation of the Notes or the principal amount in respect of the Notes together 
with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional amounts (if 
any) due in relation thereto; and (iv) the amendment or alteration of the maturity 
of the Notes or amendment of the amount of interest payable on the Notes, or 
the date on which the interest becomes payable, including by suspending 
payment for a temporary period; and 
(b) 
the variation of these Conditions, as deemed necessary by the Relevant 
Authority, to give effect to the exercise of the Luxembourg Bail-in Power by 
the Relevant Authority. 
The exercise of the Luxembourg Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority shall not 
constitute an event of default and these Conditions shall remain in full force and effect 
save as varied by the Relevant Authority in accordance with this Condition 16.

--- Page 161 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 161 - 
47-41009328 
 
PART 2 – GENERAL FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Notes will be in the following form and 
completed to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. Text in this 
section appearing in italics does not form part of the form of the Final Terms but denotes 
directions for completing the Final Terms. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - [Insert if the Notes are not 
intended to be offered to retail investors under PRIIPs regulation] The Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined 
in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU ("MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (UE) 2016/97 ("IMD"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation"). 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the 
"PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – [Insert if the Notes are not 
intended to be offered to retail investors under UK PRIIPs regulation] The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) 
of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS 
ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer's product approval 
process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) 
the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as 
defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should 
take into consideration the manufacturer's target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers' target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.]

--- Page 162 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 162 - 
47-41009328 
 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market 
for the [Notes] is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of 
Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the [Notes] to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target 
market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the [Notes] (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
Final Terms dated [      ] 
[MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A./ 
MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (Luxembourg) S.A.] 
Issue of [currency] [Aggregate Nominal Amount] Notes due [maturity] 
[guaranteed in the case of Notes issued by  
MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (Luxembourg) S.A.  
by 
MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A.] 
under the 
Structured Note Issuance Programme 
SERIES NO: [      ] 
TRANCHE NO: [      ] 
Issue Price: [      ] per cent. 
[Dealer(s)] 
[The Base Prospectus referred to below (as completed by [the supplement to the Base 
Prospectus dated [  ] and] these Final Terms) has been prepared on the basis that, except as 
provided in sub-paragraph (ii) below, any offer of Notes in any Member State of the European 
Economic Area will be made pursuant to an exemption under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as 
amended, the "Prospectus Regulation") from the requirement to publish a prospectus for 
offers of the Notes. Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes 
may only do so: 
(i) 
in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a

--- Page 163 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 163 - 
47-41009328 
 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation 
to such offer; or 
(ii) 
in those Public Offer Jurisdictions mentioned in Paragraph 9 (Non-exempt offer) of Part 
B below, provided such person is one of the persons mentioned in Paragraph 9 (Non-
exempt offer) of Part B below and that such offer is made during the Offer Period 
specified for such purpose therein. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer 
of Notes in any other circumstances.]1 
[The Base Prospectus referred to below (as completed by [the supplement to the Base 
Prospectus dated [  ] and] these Final Terms) has been prepared on the basis that any offer of 
Notes in any Member State of the European Economic Area will be made pursuant to an 
exemption under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation") 
from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offer of the Notes. Accordingly any person 
making or intending to make an offer in that Member State of the Notes may only do so in 
circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. Neither the 
Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes 
in any other circumstances.] [The Notes cannot be sold, offered or distributed to any retail 
client as defined pursuant to Article 4(1), number 11] of Directive 2014/65/EU in any EEA 
Member State.]2 
[This document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set 
forth in the Base Prospectus dated 12 March 2021 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus 
dated [insert date] [delete if not applicable],] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. This document constitutes the Final Terms of 
the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must 
be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as supplemented from time to time]. Full 
information on the Issuer [and the Guarantor] and the offer of the Notes is only available on 
the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base 
Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is/are] available for viewing at 
[address] and [website] and copies may be obtained from [address]]. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being 
increased was issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
[This document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions 
(the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [date of original base prospectus]. 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of 
Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus dated 12 March 2021 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [      ]], 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, 
 
1  
Include where a non-exempt offer of Notes is anticipated. 
2  
Include where an exempt offer of Notes is anticipated.

--- Page 164 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 164 - 
47-41009328 
 
save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the Base Prospectus dated [original 
date] which is incorporated by reference to the Base Prospectus dated 12 March 2021. Full 
information on the Issuer [and the Guarantor] and the offer of the Notes is only available on 
the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus dated [date] and 12 
March 2021 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [      ]]. The Base Prospectuses 
[and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is/are] available for viewing at the registered 
office[s] of the Issuer [and of the Guarantor] [at [      ].] 
The Base Prospectus and, in the case of Notes admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
the Euronext Dublin, the applicable Final Terms will also be published on the website of the 
Euronext Dublin (www.ise.ie).] 
[A summary of the individual issue is annexed to these Final Terms.]3 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "not applicable". Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if individual items are deleted.] 
[When completing any final terms, consideration should be given as to whether such terms or 
information constitute "significant new factor" and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum 
denomination may need to be £ 100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
 
3  
Include only where a non-exempt offer of Notes is anticipated.

--- Page 165 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 165 - 
47-41009328 
 
PART A – GENERAL 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[      ] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[      ] 
 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a 
single 
Series 
with 
[identify 
earlier 
tranches] on [the Issue Date] [exchange of 
the Temporary Global Note for interests in 
the Permanent Global Note, as referred to 
in paragraph 27 below, which is expected 
to occur on or about [date]] [Not 
Applicable] 
(Only relevant if the Notes are fungible 
with an existing Series).] 
2. 
 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[      ] 
3. 
 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
Notes admitted to trading: 
 
 
 
(i) Series: 
[      ] 
 
 
[(ii) Tranche: 
[      ] 
[The Aggregate Nominal Amount will not 
exceed [      ] and will be determined at the 
end of the Offer Period (as defined in 
paragraph [11] of Part B below).] 
4. 
 
Issue Price: 
[[ 
] per Note] [      ] per cent. of the 
Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from [insert date] (in the case of 
fungible issues only, if applicable)] 
5. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[  ] [and integral multiples of [      ] in excess 
thereof up to and including [      ]. No Notes 
in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [      ].] 
(Notes including Notes denominated in 
Sterling, in respect of which the issue 
proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer 
in the United Kingdom or whose issue 
otherwise constitutes a contravention of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
and which have a maturity of less than one 
year must have a minimum redemption

--- Page 166 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 166 - 
47-41009328 
 
value of £ 100,000 (or its equivalent in 
other currencies).) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[      ] (If only one Specified Denomination, 
insert the Specified Denomination. If more 
than one Specified Denomination, insert 
the highest common factor. There must be 
a common factor in the case of two or more 
Specified Denominations.) 
 
(iii) 
Notional Amount: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[      ] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or Interest Payment Date 
falling in relevant month and year.] 
 
 
 
(If the Maturity Date is less than one year 
from the Issue Date and either (a) the issue 
proceeds are received by the Issuer in the 
United Kingdom or (b) the activity of 
issuing the Notes is carried on from an 
establishment maintained by the Issuer in 
the United Kingdom, (i) the Notes must 
have a minimum redemption value of 
£ 100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies) 
and 
be 
sold 
only 
to 
"professional investors" or (ii) another 
applicable exemption from section 19 of the 
FSMA must be available.) 
8. 
 
Interest Basis: 
[[      ] per cent. per annum Fixed Rate] 
[[      ] per cent. per annum Fixed Rate with 
respect to the Interest Period(s) [    ]] 
[[EURIBOR] 
[LIBOR] 
[LIBID] 
[LIMEAN] [Constant Maturity BTP Rate] 
[CMS] +/- [      ] per cent. per annum 
Floating Rate] [[[EURIBOR] [LIBOR] 
[LIBID] [LIMEAN] [Constant Maturity 
BTP Rate] [CMS] +/- [      ] per cent. per 
annum Floating Rate with respect to the 
Interest Period [    ]] 
[Structured 
Rate](further 
particulars 
specified below at paragraph 18)

--- Page 167 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 167 - 
47-41009328 
 
 
 
 
[Dual 
Currency] 
(further 
particulars 
specified below at paragraph 36) 
9. 
 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
[Installment] 
[Dual Currency] 
[Share Linked] 
[Index Linked] 
[Fund Linked] 
[Credit Linked] 
[Inflation Linked] 
[Commodity Linked] 
[Debt Linked] 
[Interest Rate Linked] 
[FX Linked] 
[Physical Delivery] 
 
 
 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 
other than 100% of the nominal value the 
Notes will be derivative securities for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and 
the requirements of Annex 17 to the 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2019/980 will apply) 
10.  
Interest Rate Switch: 
[Applicable – Base Condition 3(l) Interest 
Rate Switch) shall apply] 
[Not Applicable – Base Condition 3(l) 
(Interest Rate Switch) shall not apply] 
 
 
Interest Rate Switch Date: 
[ 
] [Not Applicable] [Insert description 
of Interest Rate Switch] 
11.  
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call]

--- Page 168 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 168 - 
47-41009328 
 
[(further particulars specified below at 
paragraphs 21 and/or 23)] 
12.  
[Date 
[Board] 
approval 
for 
issuance of Notes [and Guarantee] 
obtained: 
[      ] [and [      ], respectively]] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or 
similar) authorisation is required for the 
particular tranche of Notes or related 
guarantee of the Notes) 
13.  
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
14.  
[Taxation: 
[Gross Up is applicable pursuant to 
paragraph (viii) of Base Condition 6(a) 
(Taxation - Gross Up)] 
[Gross Up is not applicable pursuant to 
paragraph (viii) of Base Condition 6(a) 
(Taxation - Gross Up)] 
15.  
Governing Law: 
[English law applicable] 
[Italian law applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
16.  
Fixed Rate Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Applicable, 
subject 
to 
paragraph 20 (Switch Option Provision) 
below]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Rate(s): 
[    ] per cent. per annum, payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
(insert the sub-paragraph below in case 
Interest Rate Switch applies) 
[     ] per cent. per annum payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] in 
respect of the Interest Period(s) [*][*]; [     ] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] in 
respect of the Interest Period(s) [*][*]

--- Page 169 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 169 - 
47-41009328 
 
 
 
New Rate of Interest:  
(insert if Credit Linked Notes 
applies) 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable, the New 
Rate of Interest shall be calculated 
according to the following formula:  
N െn
N െProtected Defaulted Reference Entities 
Where: 
"N" indicates the number of Reference 
Entities comprised in the Reference 
Portfolio, equal to [●]; 
"n" indicates the number of Reference 
Entities in respect of which a Credit Event 
has occurred from the Credit Observation 
Start Date, until the date on which a Credit 
Event has occurred in respect of any 
Defaulted Credit. 
For the avoidance of doubt, ongoing 
coupons will be calculated as: 
New Rate of Interest * Tranche Notional 
Amount *(N-n)/(N- Protected Defaulted 
Reference Entities)] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[   ] in each year [adjusted in accordance 
with 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] 
 
(iii) 
Interest Accrual Dates(s): 
[The Interest Accrual Dates are [  ] in each 
year up to and including the Maturity 
Date.] [The Interest Accrual Dates shall be 
the Interest Payment Dates.] [other] 
 
(iv) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[    ] per Calculation Amount payable on 
[each Interest Payment Date] [the Interest 
Payment Date falling in [   ]]/[Not 
Applicable] [insert "Not Applicable" in 
case the Interest Amount has to be 
calculated in accordance with Base 
Condition 3(a) (Definitions)] 
 
(v) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[   ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on]  [   ] 
[Not Applicable.] (There is no long or short 
Interest Period)

--- Page 170 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 170 - 
47-41009328 
 
 
(vi) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention 
[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention] [Preceding Business Day 
Convention] 
 
(vii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[1/1] 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] [Actual/360] [30/360] 
[360/360] 
[Bond 
Basis] 
[30E/360] 
[Eurobond 
Basis] 
[30E/360 
(ISDA)] 
[Unadjusted] [Adjusted in accordance with 
Business Day Convention] 
17. Floating Rate Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Applicable, 
subject 
to 
paragraph 20 (Switch Option Provision) 
below]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[      ] in each year [adjusted in accordance 
with Business Day Convention]/[Not 
adjusted] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Accrual Dates(s): 
[The Interest Accrual Dates are [  ] in each 
year up to and including the Maturity 
Date.] [The Interest Accrual Dates shall be 
the Interest Payment Dates.]/[other] 
 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention] 
[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention] [Preceding Business Day 
Convention] [Adjusted] [Unadjusted] 
 
(iv) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[     ] (specify) 
 
(v) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
[Screen Rate Determination and ISDA 
Determination] 
(insert such wording in the case where 
"Interest Rate Switch" applies and the 
manner in which the Interest Rate is to be 
determined is not the same for all the 
Interest Periods) 
 
(vi) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Applicable, in respect of the 
Interest Period(s) (insert such wording in

--- Page 171 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 171 - 
47-41009328 
 
case "Interest Rate Switch" applies and 
Screen Determination Rate applies but 
only 
in 
respect 
of 
some 
Interest 
Period(s))]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph (vi)) 
 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR] [LIBOR] [LIBID] [LIMEAN] 
[Constant Maturity BTP Rate] [CMS] / 
[EURIBOR] [LIBOR] [LIBID] [Constant 
Maturity BTP Rate] [LIMEAN] [CMS] in 
respect of the Interest Period(s) [    ]]; 
[EURIBOR] [LIBOR] [LIBID] [LIMEAN] 
[CMS] [Constant Maturity BTP Rate] in 
respect of the Interest Period(s) [  ]; [   ] 
(insert such wording in case "Interest Rate 
Switch" applies and the Reference Rate is 
not the same for all Interest Periods) 
 
 
 
Specified Duration: 
[      ] 
(insert the wording below in case "Interest 
Rate Switch" applies and the Specified 
Duration is not the same for all Interest 
Periods) 
[      ] in respect of the Interest Period(s) 
[    ]]; [      ] in respect of the Interest 
Period(s) [    ]]; [     ] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Multiplier: 
[Applicable 
[      ] 
(insert the wording below in case "Interest 
Rate Switch" applies and the Multiplier is 
not the same for all Interest Periods) 
[      ] in respect of the Interest Period(s) 
[    ]]; [      ] in respect of the Interest 
Period(s) [    ]]; [     ]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Reference Rate Multiplier: 
[Applicable 
[      ]

--- Page 172 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 172 - 
47-41009328 
 
(insert the wording below in the case where 
"Interest Rate Switch" applies and the 
Reference Rate Multiplier is not the same 
for all Interest Periods) 
[      ] in respect of the Interest Period(s) 
[    ]]; [      ] in respect of the Interest 
Period(s) [    ]]; [     ]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Cap: 
[Applicable. 
[      ] 
(insert the wording below in case "Interest 
Rate Switch" applies and the Cap is not the 
same for all Interest Periods) 
[      ] in respect of the Interest Period(s) 
[    ]]; [      ] in respect of the Interest 
Period(s) [    ]]; [     ]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Floor: 
[Applicable 
[      ] 
(insert the wording below in case "Interest 
Rate Switch" applies and the Floor is not 
the same for all Interest Periods) 
[      ] in respect of the Interest Period(s) 
[    ]]; [      ] in respect of the Interest 
Period(s) [    ]]; [     ]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[The Interest Determination Date in respect 
of each Interest Period is [the first day of 
each Interest Period] [the second day on 
which TARGET2 is open prior to the first 
day of each Interest Period] [the day falling 
two Banking Days prior to the first day of 
each Interest Period] [  ]]/[other] [Typically 
second London business day prior to the 
start of each Interest Period if LIBOR 
(other than Sterling or euro LIBOR), first 
day of each Interest Period if Sterling 
LIBOR and the second TARGET Settlement

--- Page 173 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 173 - 
47-41009328 
 
Day prior to the start of each Interest 
Period if EURIBOR or euro LIBOR)] 
(in the case of CMS Rate where the 
Relevant Currency is in Euro or a Constant 
Maturity BTP Rate): [typically second day 
on which TARGET2 System is open prior 
to the start of each Interest Period] 
(in the case of CMS Rate where the 
Relevant Currency is other than Euro): 
[typically second [specify type of day] prior 
to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[For 
example, 
Reuters 
page 
EURIBOR01/[*]] 
(In the case of Constant Maturity BTP 
Linked Interest Notes, specify relevant 
screen page[, which is expected to be 
Bloomberg page GBTPGRN Index, where 
N is the Designated Maturity,] and any 
applicable headings and captions) 
 
 
 
Relevant Time: 
[For example, 11.00 a.m. [London / 
Brussels] time / [*]] 
 
 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[For example, London/Euro-zone (where 
Euro-zone means the region comprised of 
the countries whose lawful currency is the 
euro/[*]] 
 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[      ] / [    ] for the Interest Period(s) [    ]; 
[     ] for the Interest Period(s) [   ]; (insert 
such wording in case "Interest Rate 
Switch" or "Constant Maturity BTP Rate" 
applies and the applicable Designated 
Maturity is not the same for all the Interest 
Periods)/ [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Specified Time: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Applicable with respect to 
the Interest Period(s) [    ] (insert such 
wording in case "Interest Rate Switch" 
applies and ISDA Determination applies 
but only in respect of some Interest 
Period(s))]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 174 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 174 - 
47-41009328 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph (vii) 
(ISDA Determination)) 
 
 
 
Multiplier: 
[Applicable 
[      ] 
(insert the wording below in case "Interest 
Rate Switch" applies and the Multiplier is 
not the same for all Interest Periods) 
[      ] in respect of the Interest Period(s) 
[    ]]; [      ] in respect of the Interest 
Period(s) [    ]]; [     ]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Reference Rate Multiplier: 
[Applicable 
[      ] 
(insert the wording below in the case where 
"Interest Rate Switch" applies and the 
Reference Rate Multiplier is not the same 
for all Interest Periods) 
[      ] in respect of the Interest Period(s) 
[    ]]; [      ] in respect of the Interest 
Period(s) [    ]]; [     ]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Cap: 
[Applicable. 
[      ] 
(insert the wording below in case "Interest 
Rate Switch" applies and the Cap is not the 
same for all Interest Periods) 
[      ] in respect of the Interest Period(s) 
[    ]]; [      ] in respect of the Interest 
Period(s) [    ]]; [     ]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Floor: 
[Applicable 
[      ]

--- Page 175 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 175 - 
47-41009328 
 
(insert the wording below in case "Interest 
Rate Switch" applies and the Floor is not 
the same for all Interest Periods) 
[      ] in respect of the Interest Period(s) 
[    ]]; [      ] in respect of the Interest 
Period(s) [    ]]; [     ]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[      ]/ [    ] for the Interest Period(s) [    ]; 
[     ] for the Interest Period(s) [   ]; (insert 
such wording in case "Interest Rate 
Switch" 
applies 
and 
the 
applicable 
Floating Rate Option is not the same for all 
the Interest Periods)/ [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[      ] / [    ] for the Interest Period(s) [    ]; 
[     ] for the Interest Period(s) [   ]; (insert 
such wording in case "Interest Rate 
Switch" or "CMS"  applies and the 
applicable Designated Maturity is not the 
same for all the Interest Periods)/ [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
 
Reset Date(s): 
[      ] / [    ] for the Interest Period(s) [    ]; 
[     ] for the Interest Period(s) [   ]; (In case 
"Interest Rate Switch" applies and the 
applicable Reset Dates are not the same for 
all the Interest Periods)/ [Not Applicable] 
(In the case of a LIBOR or EURIBOR 
based option, the first day of the Interest 
Period. In the case of Constant Maturity 
BTP Linked Interest Notes or CMS Linked 
Interest Notes, if based on euro the first day 
of the Interest Period and if other, to be 
checked) 
 
(viii) Margin(s): 
[[+/-][      ] per cent. per annum] 
 
(ix) 
Minimum Interest Rate: 
[      ]/[    ] for the Interest Period(s) [    ]; 
[     ] for the Interest Period(s) [   ]; (insert 
such wording in case "Interest Rate 
Switch" 
applies 
and 
the 
applicable 
Minimum Interest Rate is not the same for 
all the Interest Periods)/ [Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[      ] /[    ] for the Interest Period(s) [    ]; 
[     ] for the Interest Period(s) [   ]; (insert

--- Page 176 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 176 - 
47-41009328 
 
such wording in case "Interest Rate 
Switch" 
applies 
and 
the 
applicable 
Maximum Interest Rate is not the same for 
all the Interest Periods)/ [Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[1/1] 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] [Actual/360] [30/360] 
[360/360] 
[Bond 
Basis] 
[30E/360] 
[Eurobond 
Basis] 
[30E/360 
(ISDA)] 
[Unadjusted] [Adjusted in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention] 
 
(xii) 
Interest calculation method for 
short or long Interest Periods: 
[Linear Interpolation, in respect of the 
Interest 
Period 
beginning 
on 
(and 
including) [  ] and ending on (but 
excluding) [  ]] 
[Not Applicable – there are no short or long 
Interest Periods] 
 
(xiii) Party responsible for calculating 
the Interest Rate(s) and Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Fiscal 
Agent): 
[     ] [Name] shall be the Calculation Agent 
(no need to specify if the Fiscal Agent is to 
perform this function)] 
18. Structured Rate Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Applicable, 
subject 
to 
paragraph 21 (Switch Option Provision) 
below]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
Structured Rate Formula: 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Periodical Performance: 
[Applicable]/[Applicable in respect of the 
Interest Period(s) [    ] (insert such wording 
in case "Interest Rate Switch" applies and 
the Normal Performance applies but only 
in respect of some Interest Period(s))]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
 
Interest Amount: 
[     ] [Notional Amount * Min[Cap; Max 
(Interest Participation Factor * Periodic 
Performance 
of 
Underlyingt; 
Fixed 
Percentage) +/- Margin1] +/- Margin2]

--- Page 177 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 177 - 
47-41009328 
 
 
 
 
Interest 
Participation 
Factor: 
[     ] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Cap: 
[     ] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Underlying(s): 
[specify 
name 
and 
details 
of 
the 
underlying(s)] 
 
 
 
Periodic Performance of 
the Underlyingt: 
[     ] 
 
 
 
Fixed Percentage: 
[     ] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Margin1: 
[     ] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Margin2: 
[     ] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[     ] 
 
 
 
Day Count Fraction: 
[1/1] 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] [Actual/360] [30/360] 
[360/360] 
[Bond 
Basis] 
[30E/360] 
[Eurobond 
Basis] 
[30E/360 
(ISDA)] 
[Unadjusted] [Adjusted in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention] 
 
(ii) 
Performance Differential: 
[Applicable]/[Applicable in respect of the 
Interest Period(s) [    ] (insert such wording 
in case "Interest Rate Switch" applies and 
the Performance Differential applies but 
only 
in 
respect 
of 
some 
Interest 
Period(s))]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
 
Interest Amount: 
Calculation 
Amount 
* 
[(Interest 
Participation Factor *][the greater of (i) 
Floor 
and 
(ii)] 
(Performance 
of 
Underlying 1 – Performance of Underlying 
2)) 
 
 
 
Interest 
Participation 
Factor: 
[   ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Floor: 
[    ]

--- Page 178 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 178 - 
47-41009328 
 
 
 
 
Reference Item 1: 
[    ] [from the [Issue Date] [[*] Interest Rate 
Switch Date] [Interest Payment Date 
falling on [*]] to the [[*] Interest Rate 
Switch Date] [Interest Payment Date 
falling on [*]] and [from the [[*] Interest 
Rate Switch Date] [Interest Payment Date 
falling on [*]] to the [[*] Interest Rate 
Switch Date] [Interest Payment Date 
falling on [*]] [Maturity Date]] [    ] 
 
 
 
Reference Item 2: 
[    ] [from the [Issue Date] [[*] Interest Rate 
Switch Date] [Interest Payment Date 
falling on [*]] to the [[*] Interest Rate 
Switch Date] [Interest Payment Date 
falling on [*]] and [from the [[*] Interest 
Rate Switch Date] [Interest Payment Date 
falling on [*]] to the [[*] Interest Rate 
Switch Date] [Interest Payment Date 
falling on [*]] [Maturity Date]] [    ] 
 
 
 
Interest Settlement Price: 
[    ] [specify for each of Reference Items 1 
and Reference Items 2 in accordance with 
the Specific Conditions] 
 
 
 
Initial Interest Reference 
Level: 
[    ] [With respect to Reference Item 1 and 
Reference Item 2, the Interest Settlement 
Price on the Initial Interest Valuation 
Date.] 
 
 
 
Final Interest Reference 
Level: 
The [average of the] Interest Settlement 
Price[s] [on the Final Interest Valuation 
Date] [determined on each of the Interest 
Averaging Dates]. 
 
 
 
Initial Interest Valuation 
Date: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Final Interest Valuation 
Date: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Averaging: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Interest Averaging Dates: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Best Performance: 
[Applicable]/[Applicable in respect of the 
Interest Period(s) [    ] (insert such wording 
in case "Interest Rate Switch" applies and 
the Best Performance applies but only in

--- Page 179 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 179 - 
47-41009328 
 
respect of some Interest Period(s))]//Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
 
Interest Amount: 
Calculation 
Amount 
* 
[(Interest 
Participation Factor) *] [the greater of (i) 
Floor and (ii)] (Best Performance of 
Underlying) 
 
 
 
Interest 
Participation 
Factor: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Floor: 
[    ] 
 
 
 
Component[s]: 
[    ] 
 
 
 
Component[s] Weight[s]: 
[    ] 
 
 
 
Interest Settlement Price: 
[    ] [specify for each Component in 
accordance with the Specific Conditions] 
 
 
 
Initial Interest Reference 
Level: 
[    ] [With respect to each Component, the 
Interest Settlement Price on the Initial 
Interest Valuation Date.] 
 
 
 
Final Interest Reference 
Level: 
The [average of the] Interest Settlement 
Price[s] [on the Final Interest Valuation 
Date] [determined on each of the Final 
Interest Valuation Date]. 
 
 
 
Initial Interest Valuation 
Date: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Final Interest Valuation 
Date: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Averaging: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Interest Averaging Dates: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Worst Performance: 
[Applicable]/[Applicable in respect of the 
Interest Period(s) [    ] (insert such wording 
in case "Interest Rate Switch" applies and 
the Worst Performance applies but only in 
respect of some Interest Period(s))]//Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 180 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 180 - 
47-41009328 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
 
Interest Amount: 
Calculation 
Amount 
* 
[(Interest 
Participation Factor) *] [the greater of (i) 
Floor and (ii)] (Best Performance of 
Underlying) 
 
 
 
Interest 
Participation 
Factor: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Floor: 
[    ] 
 
 
 
Component[s]: 
[    ] 
 
 
 
Component[s] Weight[s]: 
[     ] 
 
 
 
Interest Settlement Price: 
[    ] [specify for each Component in 
accordance with the Specific Conditions] 
 
 
 
Initial Interest Reference 
Level: 
[    ] 
 
 
 
Final Interest Reference 
Level: 
The [average of the] Interest Settlement 
Price[s] [on the Final Interest Valuation 
Date] [determined on each of the Final 
Interest Valuation Dates] 
 
 
 
Initial Interest Valuation 
Date: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Final Interest Valuation 
Date: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Averaging: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Interest Averaging Dates: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Digital Call: 
[Applicable]/[Applicable in respect of the 
Interest Period(s) [    ] (insert such wording 
in case "Interest Rate Switch" applies and 
the Digital Call applies but only in respect 
of 
some 
Interest 
Period(s))]//Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 181 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 181 - 
47-41009328 
 
 
 
 
[Digital Call Periods:] 
[From the [Issue Date] [[*] Interest Rate 
Switch Date] [Interest Payment Date 
falling on [*]] to the [[*] Interest Rate 
Switch Date] [Interest Payment Date 
falling on [*]] [(the "[*] Digital Call 
Period")] [and] [from the [Issue Date] [[*] 
Interest Rate Switch Date] [Interest 
Payment Date falling on [*]] to the [[*] 
Interest Rate Switch Date] [Interest 
Payment Date falling on [*]] [(the " [*] 
Digital Call Period")]. (specify for each 
Digital Call Period) 
(N.B. only relevant in case of more than 
one Digital Call Period) 
 
 
 
[[*] Digital Call Period:] 
(specify the following sub-paragraphs for 
each Digital Call Period) 
 
 
 
Interest Amount: 
[   ] if a Structured Barrier Event has 
occurred and [    ] if a Structured Barrier 
Event has not occurred. 
 
 
 
Structured Barrier Event: 
A Structured Barrier Event has occurred if 
[the Interest Settlement Price of the 
Reference Item on the Structured Barrier 
Observation Date] [the average of the 
Interest Settlement Prices of the Reference 
Item on each of the Structured Barrier 
Observation Dates] is [equal to] [and] [/] 
[or] [greater than] the Structured Barrier 
Level. 
 
 
 
Reference Item: 
[    ] [from the [Issue Date] [[*] Interest Rate 
Switch Date] [Interest Payment Date 
falling on [*]][Switch Option Date] to the 
[[*] Interest Rate Switch Date] [Interest 
Payment Date falling on [*]][Switch 
Option Date] and [from the [[*] Interest 
Rate Switch Date] [Interest Payment Date 
falling on [*]][Switch Option Date] to the 
[[*] Interest Rate Switch Date] [Interest 
Payment Date falling on [*]][Switch 
Option Date] [Maturity Date]] [with 
respect to the [*] Digital Call Period] [    ] 
 
 
 
Interest Settlement Price: 
[    ] [specify for Reference Item in 
accordance with the Specific Conditions]

--- Page 182 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 182 - 
47-41009328 
 
 
 
 
Structured 
Barrier 
Observation Date[s]: 
[    ] 
 
 
 
Structured Barrier Level: 
[    ] 
 
(vi) 
Digital Put: 
[Applicable]/[Applicable in respect of the 
Interest Period(s) [    ] (insert such wording 
in case "Interest Rate Switch" applies and 
the Digital Put applies but only in respect 
of 
some 
Interest 
Period(s))]//Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
 
[Digital Put Periods:] 
[From the [Issue Date] [[*] Interest Rate 
Switch Date] [Interest Payment Date 
falling on [*]] to the [[*] Interest Rate 
Switch Date] [Interest Payment Date 
falling on [*]] [(the " [*] Digital Put 
Period")] [and] [from the [Issue Date] [[*] 
Interest Rate Switch Date] [Interest 
Payment Date falling on [*]] to the [[*] 
Interest Rate Switch Date] [Interest 
Payment Date falling on [*]] [(the " [*] 
Digital Put Period")]. (specify for each 
Digital Put Period) 
(N.B. only relevant in case of more than 
one Digital Put Period) 
 
 
 
[[*] Digital Put Period:] 
(specify the following sub-paragraphs for 
each Digital Put Period) 
 
 
 
Interest Amount: 
[   ] if a Structured Barrier Event has 
occurred and [    ] if a Structured Barrier 
Event has not occurred. 
 
 
 
Structured Barrier Event: 
A Structured Barrier Event has occurred if 
[the Interest Settlement Price of the 
Reference Item on the Structured Barrier 
Observation Date] [the average of the 
Interest Settlement Prices of the Reference 
Item on each of the Structured Barrier 
Observation Dates] is [equal to] [and] [/] 
[or] [less than] the Structured Barrier 
Level. 
 
 
 
Reference Item: 
[    ] [from the [Issue Date] [[*] Interest Rate 
Switch Date] [Interest Payment Date

--- Page 183 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 183 - 
47-41009328 
 
falling on [*]][Switch Option Date] to the 
[[*] Interest Rate Switch Date] [Interest 
Payment Date falling on [*]][Switch 
Option Date] and [from the [[*] Interest 
Rate Switch Date] [Interest Payment Date 
falling on [*]][Switch Option Date] to the 
[[*] Interest Rate Switch Date] [Interest 
Payment Date falling on [*]][Switch 
Option Date] [Maturity Date]] [with 
respect to the [*] Digital Put Period] [    ] 
 
 
 
Interest Settlement Price: 
[    ] [specify for each Reference Item in 
accordance with the Specific Conditions] 
 
 
 
Structured 
Barrier 
Observation Date[s]: 
[    ] 
 
 
 
Structured Barrier Level: 
[    ] 
 
(vii) 
Best of Digital Call: 
[Applicable]/[Applicable in respect of the 
Interest Period(s) [    ] (insert such wording 
in case "Interest Rate Switch" applies and 
the Best of Digital Call applies but only in 
respect of some Interest Period(s))]//Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
 
[Best 
of 
Digital 
Call 
Periods:] 
[From the [Issue Date] [[*] Interest Rate 
Switch Date] [Interest Payment Date 
falling on [*]] to the [[*] Interest Rate 
Switch Date] [Interest Payment Date 
falling on [*]] [(the " [*] Best of Digital 
Call Period")] [and] [from the [Issue Date] 
[[*] Interest Rate Switch Date] [Interest 
Payment Date falling on [*]] to the [[*] 
Interest Rate Switch Date] [Interest 
Payment Date falling on [*]] [(the " [*] 
Best of Digital Call Period")]. (specify for 
each Best of Digital Call Period) 
(N.B. only relevant in case of more than 
one Best of Digital Call Period) 
 
 
 
[[*] Best of Digital Call 
Period:] 
(specify the following sub-paragraphs for 
each Best of Digital Call Period)

--- Page 184 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 184 - 
47-41009328 
 
 
 
 
Interest Amount: 
[   ] if a Structured Barrier Event has 
occurred and [    ] if a Structured Barrier 
Event has not occurred. 
 
 
 
Structured Barrier Event: 
A Structured Barrier Event has occurred if, 
with respect to an Interest Period and the 
Component comprised in the Basket 
having 
the 
highest 
Performance 
of 
Component in that Interest Period, [the 
Interest Settlement Price on the Structured 
Barrier Observation Date] [the average of 
the Interest Settlement Prices on each of the 
Structured Barrier Observation Dates] is 
[equal to] [and] [/] [or] [greater than] the 
Structured Barrier Level. 
 
 
 
Performance 
of 
Underlying: 
[ቂ
୊୧୬ୟ୪ ୍୬୲ୣ୰ୣୱ୲ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪
୍୬୧୲୧ୟ୪ ୍୬୲ୣ୰ୣୱ୲ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪ቃ -1] 
[Max [0; ቂ
୊୧୬ୟ୪ ୍୬୲ୣ୰ୣୱ୲ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪
୍୬୧୲୧ୟ୪ ୍୬୲ୣ୰ୣୱ୲ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪ቃ -1]] 
 
 
 
Component[s]: 
[    ] 
 
 
 
Component[s] Weight[s]: 
[    ] 
 
 
 
Interest Settlement Price: 
[    ] [specify for Reference Item in 
accordance with the Specific Conditions] 
 
 
 
Structured 
Barrier 
Observation Date[s]: 
[    ] 
 
 
 
Structured Barrier Level: 
[    ] 
 
 
 
Initial Interest Reference 
Level: 
[    ] [With respect to each Component, the 
Interest Settlement Price on the Initial 
Interest Valuation Date.] 
 
 
 
Final Interest Reference 
Level: 
The [average of the] Interest Settlement 
Price[s] [on the Final Interest Valuation 
Date] [determined on each of the Final 
Interest Valuation Dates]. 
 
 
 
Initial Interest Valuation 
Date: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Final Interest Valuation 
Date: 
[    ] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 185 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 185 - 
47-41009328 
 
 
 
 
Averaging: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Interest Averaging Dates: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) Best of Digital Put: 
[Applicable]/[Applicable in respect of the 
Interest Period(s) [    ] (insert such wording 
in case "Interest Rate Switch" applies and 
the Best of Digital Put applies but only in 
respect of some Interest Period(s))]//Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
 
[Best 
of 
Digital 
Put 
Periods:] 
[From the [Issue Date] [[*] Interest Rate 
Switch Date] [Interest Payment Date 
falling on [*]] to the [[*] Interest Rate 
Switch Date] [Interest Payment Date 
falling on [*]] [(the "[*] Best of Digital Put 
Period")] [and] [from the [Issue Date] [[*] 
Interest Rate Switch Date] [Interest 
Payment Date falling on [*]] to the [[*] 
Interest Rate Switch Date] [Interest 
Payment Date falling on [*]] [(the "[*] Best 
of Digital Put Period")]. (specify for each 
Best of Digital Put Period) 
(N.B. only relevant in case of more than 
one Best of Digital Put Period) 
 
 
 
[[*] Best of Digital Put 
Period:] 
(specify the following sub-paragraphs for 
each Best of Digital Put Period) 
 
 
 
Interest Amount: 
[   ] if a Structured Barrier Event has 
occurred and [    ] if a Structured Barrier 
Event has not occurred. 
 
 
 
Structured Barrier Event: 
A Structured Barrier Event has occurred if, 
with respect to an Interest Period and the 
Component comprised in the Basket 
having 
the 
highest 
Performance 
of 
Component in that Interest Period, [the 
Interest Settlement Price on the Structured 
Barrier Observation Date] [the average of 
the Interest Settlement Prices on each of the 
Structured Barrier Observation Dates] is 
[equal to] [and] [/] [or] [less than] the 
Structured Barrier Level.

--- Page 186 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 186 - 
47-41009328 
 
 
 
 
Performance 
of 
Underlying: 
[ቂ
୊୧୬ୟ୪ ୍୬୲ୣ୰ୣୱ୲ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪
୍୬୧୲୧ୟ୪ ୍୬୲ୣ୰ୣୱ୲ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪ቃ -1] 
[Max [0; ቂ
୊୧୬ୟ୪ ୍୬୲ୣ୰ୣୱ୲ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪
୍୬୧୲୧ୟ୪ ୍୬୲ୣ୰ୣୱ୲ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪ቃ -1]] 
 
 
 
Component[s]: 
[    ] 
 
 
 
Component[s] Weight[s]: 
[    ] 
 
 
 
Interest Settlement Price: 
[    ] [specify for Reference Item in 
accordance with the Specific Conditions] 
 
 
 
Structured 
Barrier 
Observation Date[s]: 
[    ] 
 
 
 
Structured Barrier Level; 
[    ] 
 
 
 
Initial Interest Reference 
Level: 
[    ] [With respect to each Component, the 
Interest Settlement Price on the Initial 
Interest Valuation Date.] 
 
 
 
Final Interest Reference 
Level: 
The [average of the] Interest Settlement 
Price[s] [on the Final Interest Valuation 
Date] [determined on each of the Final 
Interest Valuation Dates]. 
 
 
 
Initial Interest Valuation 
Date: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Final Interest Valuation 
Date[s]: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Averaging: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Interest Averaging Dates: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Worst of Digital Call: 
[Applicable]/[Applicable in respect of the 
Interest Period(s) [    ] (insert such wording 
in case "Interest Rate Switch" applies and 
the Worst of Digital Call applies but only 
in respect of some Interest Period(s))]//Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
 
[Worst of Digital Call 
Periods:] 
[From the [Issue Date] [[*] Interest Rate 
Switch Date] [Interest Payment Date 
falling on [*]] to the [[*] Interest Rate

--- Page 187 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 187 - 
47-41009328 
 
Switch Date] [Interest Payment Date 
falling on [*]] [(the "[*] Worst of Digital 
Call Period")] [and] [from the [Issue Date] 
[[*] Interest Rate Switch Date] [Interest 
Payment Date falling on [*]] to the [[*] 
Interest Rate Switch Date] [Interest 
Payment Date falling on [*]] [(the "[*] 
Worst of Digital Call Period")]. (specify 
for each Worst of Digital Call Period) 
(N.B. only relevant in case of more than 
one Worst of Digital Call Period) 
 
 
 
[[*] Worst of Digital Call 
Period:] 
(specify the following sub-paragraphs for 
each Worst of Digital Call Period) 
 
 
 
Interest Amount: 
[   ] if a Structured Barrier Event has 
occurred and [    ] if a Structured Barrier 
Event has not occurred. 
 
 
 
Structured Barrier Event: 
A Structured Barrier Event has occurred if, 
with respect to an Interest Period and the 
Component comprised in the Basket 
having 
the 
lowest 
Performance 
of 
Component in that Interest Period, [the 
Interest Settlement Price on the Structured 
Barrier Observation Date] [the average of 
the Interest Settlement Prices on each of the 
Structured Barrier Observation Dates] is 
[equal to] [and] [/] [or] [greater than] the 
Structured Barrier Level. 
 
 
 
Performance 
of 
Underlying: 
[ቂ
୊୧୬ୟ୪ ୍୬୲ୣ୰ୣୱ୲ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪
୍୬୧୲୧ୟ୪ ୍୬୲ୣ୰ୣୱ୲ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪ቃ -1] 
[Max [0; ቂ
୊୧୬ୟ୪ ୍୬୲ୣ୰ୣୱ୲ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪
୍୬୧୲୧ୟ୪ ୍୬୲ୣ୰ୣୱ୲ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪ቃ -1]] 
 
 
 
Component[s]: 
[    ] 
 
 
 
Component[s] Weight[s]: 
[    ] 
 
 
 
Interest Settlement Price: 
[    ] [specify for Reference Item in 
accordance with the Specific Conditions] 
 
 
 
Structured 
Barrier 
Observation Date[s]: 
[    ] 
 
 
 
Structured Barrier Level: 
[    ]

--- Page 188 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 188 - 
47-41009328 
 
 
 
 
Initial Interest Reference 
Level: 
[    ] [With respect to each Component, the 
Interest Settlement Price on the Initial 
Interest Valuation Date.] 
 
 
 
Final Interest Reference 
Level: 
The [average of the] Interest Settlement 
Price[s] [on the Final Interest Valuation 
Date] [determined on each of the Final 
Interest Valuation Dates]. 
 
 
 
Initial Interest Valuation 
Date: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Final Interest Valuation 
Date[s]: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Averaging: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Interest Averaging Dates: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Worst of Digital Put: 
[Applicable]/[Applicable in respect of the 
Interest Period(s) [    ] (insert such wording 
in case "Interest Rate Switch" applies and 
the Worst of Digital Put applies but only in 
respect of some Interest Period(s))]//Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
 
[Worst of Digital Put 
Periods:] 
[From the [Issue Date] [[*] Interest Rate 
Switch Date] [Interest Payment Date 
falling on [*]] to the [[*] Interest Rate 
Switch Date] [Interest Payment Date 
falling on [*]] [(the "[*] Worst of Digital 
Put Period")] [and] [from the [Issue Date] 
[[*] Interest Rate Switch Date] [Interest 
Payment Date falling on [*]] to the [[*] 
Interest Rate Switch Date] [Interest 
Payment Date falling on [*]] [(the "[*] 
Worst of Digital Put Period")]. (specify 
for each Worst of Digital Put Period) 
(N.B. only relevant in case of more than 
one Worst of Digital Put Period) 
 
 
 
[[*] Worst of Digital Put 
Period:] 
(specify the following sub-paragraphs for 
each Worst of Digital Put Period)

--- Page 189 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 189 - 
47-41009328 
 
 
 
 
Interest Amount: 
[   ] if a Structured Barrier Event has 
occurred and [    ] if a Structured Barrier 
Event has not occurred. 
 
 
 
Structured Barrier Event: 
A Structured Barrier Event has occurred if, 
with respect to an Interest Period and the 
Component comprised in the Basket 
having 
the 
lowest 
Performance 
of 
Component in that Interest Period, [the 
Interest Settlement Price on the Structured 
Barrier Observation Date] [the average of 
the Interest Settlement Prices on each of the 
Structured Barrier Observation Dates] is 
[equal to] [and] [/] [or] [less than] the 
Structured Barrier Level. 
 
 
 
Performance 
of 
Underlying: 
[ቂ
୊୧୬ୟ୪ ୍୬୲ୣ୰ୣୱ୲ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪
୍୬୧୲୧ୟ୪ ୍୬୲ୣ୰ୣୱ୲ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪ቃ -1] 
[Max [0; ቂ
୊୧୬ୟ୪ ୍୬୲ୣ୰ୣୱ୲ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪
୍୬୧୲୧ୟ୪ ୍୬୲ୣ୰ୣୱ୲ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪ቃ -1]] 
 
 
 
Component[s]: 
[    ] 
 
 
 
Component[s] Weight[s]: 
[    ] 
 
 
 
Interest Settlement Price: 
[    ] [specify for Reference Item in 
accordance with the Specific Conditions] 
 
 
 
Structured 
Barrier 
Observation Date[s]: 
[    ] 
 
 
 
Structured Barrier Level: 
[    ] 
 
 
 
Initial Interest Reference 
Level: 
[    ] [With respect to each Component, the 
Interest Settlement Price on the Initial 
Interest Valuation Date.] 
 
 
 
Final Interest Reference 
Level: 
The [average of the] Interest Settlement 
Price[s] [on the Final Interest Valuation 
Date] [determined on each of the Final 
Interest Valuation Dates]. 
 
 
 
Initial Interest Valuation 
Date[s]: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Final Interest Valuation 
Date[s]: 
[    ] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 190 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 190 - 
47-41009328 
 
 
 
 
Averaging: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Interest Averaging Dates: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
European Call: 
[Applicable]/[Applicable in respect of the 
Interest Period(s) [    ] (insert such wording 
in case "Interest Rate Switch" applies and 
the European Call applies but only in 
respect of some Interest Period(s))]//Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
Option 1 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of Option 1) 
 
 
 
Interest Amount: 
Calculation 
Amount 
* 
[(][Spread 
plus][Interest Participation Factor] * (the 
greater of (i) Floor and (ii) Performance of 
Underlying)[)] 
 
 
 
Initial Interest Reference 
Level: 
[    ] [With respect to the Reference Item, 
the Interest Settlement Price on the Initial 
Interest Valuation Date.] 
[[for Inflation Linked Notes only] The 
Index Level reported for the Initial Index 
Level Month] 
 
 
 
Final Interest Reference 
Level: 
[The [average of the] Interest Settlement 
Price[s] [on the Final Interest Valuation 
Date] [determined on each of the Final 
Interest Valuation Dates].] 
[[for Inflation Linked Notes only] The 
Index Level reported for the Final Index 
Level Month.] 
 
 
 
Initial Interest Valuation 
Date: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Final Interest Valuation 
Date[s]: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Averaging: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 191 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 191 - 
47-41009328 
 
 
 
 
Interest Averaging Dates: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Reference Item: 
[    ] [from the [Issue Date] [[*] Interest Rate 
Switch Date] [Interest Payment Date 
falling on [*]] to the [[*] Interest Rate 
Switch Date] [Interest Payment Date 
falling on [*]] and [from the [[*] Interest 
Rate Switch Date] [Interest Payment Date 
falling on [*]] to the [[*] Interest Rate 
Switch Date] [Interest Payment Date 
falling on [*]] [Maturity Date]] [    ] 
 
 
 
Interest 
Participation 
Factor: 
[    ] 
 
 
 
Floor: 
[    ] 
 
 
 
Spread: 
[    ] 
 
 
Option 2 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of Option 2) 
 
 
 
Interest Amount: 
Calculation Amount * (the greater of (i) 
Floor and (ii)  [Spread plus][(][Interest 
Participation Factor] * Performance of 
Underlying)[)] 
 
 
 
Initial Interest Reference 
Level: 
[    ] [With respect to the Reference Item, 
the Interest Settlement Price on the Initial 
Interest Valuation Date.] 
[[for Inflation Linked Notes only] The 
Index Level reported for the Initial Index 
Level Month.] 
 
 
 
Final Interest Reference 
Level: 
[The [average of the] Interest Settlement 
Price[s] [on the Final Interest Valuation 
Date] [determined on each of the Final 
Interest Valuation Dates].] 
[[for Inflation Linked Notes only] The 
Index Level reported for the Final Index 
Level Month.] 
 
 
 
Initial Interest Valuation 
Date: 
[    ] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 192 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 192 - 
47-41009328 
 
 
 
 
Final Interest Valuation 
Date[s]: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Averaging: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Interest Averaging Dates: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Reference Item: 
[    ] [from the [Issue Date] [[*] Interest Rate 
Switch Date] [Interest Payment Date 
falling on [*]] to the [[*] Interest Rate 
Switch Date] [Interest Payment Date 
falling on [*]] and [from the [[*] Interest 
Rate Switch Date] [Interest Payment Date 
falling on [*]] to the [[*] Interest Rate 
Switch Date] [Interest Payment Date 
falling on [*]] [Maturity Date]] [    ] 
 
 
 
Interest 
Participation 
Factor: 
[    ] 
 
 
 
Floor: 
[    ] 
 
 
 
Spread: 
[    ] 
 
(xii) 
Range Accrual: 
[Applicable]/[Applicable in respect of the 
Interest Period(s) [    ] (insert such wording 
in case "Interest Rate Switch" applies and 
the Range Accrual applies but only in 
respect of some Interest Period(s))]//Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
 
Range Accrual Interest 
Period: 
[       ] 
 
 
 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Day Count Fraction: 
[1/1] 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] [Actual/360] [30/360] 
[360/360] 
[Bond 
Basis] 
[30E/360] 
[Eurobond 
Basis] 
[30E/360 
(ISDA)]

--- Page 193 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 193 - 
47-41009328 
 
[Unadjusted] [Adjusted in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention] 
 
 
 
Range Accrual Interest 
Payment Date(s): 
[       ] 
 
 
 
Minimum Interest Rate: 
[[   ] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[[   ] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Underlying(s): 
[specify 
name 
and 
details 
of 
the 
underlying(s)] 
 
 
Reference Period: 
[      ] 
 
 
Information Source: 
[      ] 
 
 
Provisions for calculating the 
Reference Value in the case of 
market disruption event or 
adjustment event or incorrect 
values published by the 
Information Source: 
[Need to include a description of market 
disruption events, adjustments provisions 
and incorrect values published by the 
information source] 
 
 
 
Fluctuation Range: 
[     ] 
 
 
 
In Range Yield: 
[     ] 
 
 
 
In Range Days: 
[     ] 
 
 
Interest Participation Factor: 
[     ] 
 
 
Margin: 
[Not Applicable]/[[+/-] [   ] per cent. per 
annum] 
 
 
 
Out Range Yield: 
[     ] 
 
 
 
Out Range Days: 
[      ] 
 
 
Interest Participation Factor: 
[     ] 
 
 
Margin: 
[Not Applicable]/[[+/-] [   ] per cent. per 
annum] 
 
(xiii) Wedding Cake: 
[Applicable]/[Applicable in respect of the 
Interest Period(s) [    ] (insert such wording 
in case "Interest Rate Switch" applies and 
the Wedding Cake applies but only in

--- Page 194 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 194 - 
47-41009328 
 
respect of some Interest Period(s))]//Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
 
Underlying(s): 
[specify 
name 
and 
details 
of 
the 
underlying(s)] 
 
 
 
Notional(i): 
[insert number] 
 
 
 
Observation Period(s): 
[Specify an observation period with a final 
date which falls on, or is no later than, the 
payment date for the interest period i] 
 
 
 
FXR_1: 
 
FXR_2: 
 
FXR_i: 
 
FXR_n: 
[Not Applicable]/[   ] per cent. 
[   ] per cent. 
[   ] per cent. 
[   ] per cent. 
 
(xiv) Digital Dual Range Accrual: 
[Applicable]/[Applicable in respect of the 
Interest Period(s) [    ] (insert such wording 
in case "Interest Rate Switch" applies and 
the Digital Dual Range Accrual applies but 
only 
in 
respect 
of 
some 
Interest 
Period(s))]//Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
 
Digital 
Dual 
Range 
Accrual Interest Period: 
[    ] 
 
 
 
Digital 
Dual 
Range 
Accrual Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
[      ] 
 
 
 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Day Count Fraction: 
[1/1] 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] [Actual/360] [30/360] 
[360/360] 
[Bond 
Basis] 
[30E/360] 
[Eurobond 
Basis] 
[30E/360 
(ISDA)]

--- Page 195 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 195 - 
47-41009328 
 
[Unadjusted] [Adjusted in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention] 
 
 
 
Underlying(s): 
[specify 
name 
and 
details 
of 
the 
underlying(s)] 
 
 
Reference Period: 
[      ] 
 
 
Information Source: 
[      ] 
 
 
Provisions for calculating the 
Reference Value in the case of 
market disruption event or 
adjustment event or incorrect 
values published by the 
Information Source: 
[Need to include a description of market 
disruption events, adjustments provisions 
and incorrect values published by the 
information source] 
 
 
 
Reference Value of the 
Underlying(t1): 
[     ] 
 
 
 
Reference Value of the 
Underlying(t2): 
[     ] 
 
 
 
Range(t1) 
[     ] 
 
 
 
Range(t2) 
[     ] 
 
 
 
Reference Rate1 
[     ] 
 
 
 
Reference Rate2 
[     ] 
 
 
 
Floor: 
[     ] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xv) 
Autocall Condition: 
[Applicable]/[Applicable in respect of the 
Interest Period(s) [    ] (insert such wording 
in case "Interest Rate Switch" applies and 
the Autocallable applies but only in respect 
of 
some 
Interest 
Period(s))]//Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
 
Underlying(s): 
[specify 
name 
and 
details 
of 
the 
underlying(s)] 
 
 
 
Interest Amount: 
Calculation Amount * N * X * Day Count 
Fraction

--- Page 196 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 196 - 
47-41009328 
 
 
 
 
N: 
[   ] 
 
 
 
X: 
[   ] 
 
 
 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[   ] 
 
 
 
Day Count Fraction: 
[1/1] 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] [Actual/360] [30/360] 
[360/360] 
[Bond 
Basis] 
[30E/360] 
[Eurobond 
Basis] 
[30E/360 
(ISDA)] 
[Unadjusted] [Adjusted in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention] 
 
(xvi) Premium Coupon: 
[Applicable]/[Applicable in respect of the 
Interest Period(s) [    ] (insert such wording 
in case "Interest Rate Switch" applies and 
the Premium Coupon applies but only in 
respect of some Interest Period(s))]//Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
 
Underlying(s): 
[specify 
name 
and 
details 
of 
the 
underlying(s)] 
 
 
 
Initial Interest Reference 
Level: 
[   ] 
 
 
 
Final Interest Reference 
Level: 
[   ] 
 
 
 
Initial Interest Valuation 
Date: 
[   ] 
 
 
 
Final Interest Valuation 
Date: 
[   ] 
 
 
 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[   ] 
 
 
 
Reference Item(T): 
[   ] 
 
 
 
Reference Item(o): 
[   ] 
 
(xvii) Normal Performance: 
[Applicable]/[Applicable in respect of the 
Interest Period(s) [    ] (insert such wording 
in case "Interest Rate Switch" applies and 
the Normal Performance applies but only

--- Page 197 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 197 - 
47-41009328 
 
in respect of some Interest Period(s))]//Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
 
Interest Amount: 
Calculation Amount * Factor A [+] [-] 
(Interest 
Participation 
Factor 
* 
Performance of Underlying) 
 
 
 
Performance 
of 
Underlying: 
[ቂ
୊୧୬ୟ୪ ୍୬୲ୣ୰ୣୱ୲ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪
୍୬୧୲୧ୟ୪ ୍୬୲ୣ୰ୣୱ୲ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪ቃ -1] 
[Max [0; ቂ
୊୧୬ୟ୪ ୍୬୲ୣ୰ୣୱ୲ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪
୍୬୧୲୧ୟ୪ ୍୬୲ୣ୰ୣୱ୲ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪ቃ -1]] 
[The Performance of Underlying shall not 
be lower than the Floor] [and] 
[The Performance of Underlying shall not 
be higher than the Cap] 
 
 
 
Floor: 
[   ] [Not applicable] 
 
 
 
Cap: 
[   ] [Not applicable] 
 
 
 
Factor A: 
[   ]  
 
 
 
Interest 
Participation 
Factor: 
[    ] 
 
 
 
Reference Item: 
[    ] [from the [Issue Date] [[*] Interest Rate 
Switch Date] [Interest Payment Date 
falling on [*]][Switch Option Date] to the 
[[*] Interest Rate Switch Date] [Interest 
Payment Date falling on [*]][Switch 
Option Date] and [from the [[*] Interest 
Rate Switch Date] [Interest Payment Date 
falling on [*]][Switch Option Date] to the 
[[*] Interest Rate Switch Date] [Interest 
Payment Date falling on [*]][Switch 
Option Date] [Maturity Date]] [    ] 
 
 
 
Interest Settlement Price: 
[    ] [specify accordance with the Specific 
Conditions] 
 
 
 
Initial Interest Reference 
Level: 
[    ] [With respect to Reference Item, the 
Interest Settlement Price on the Initial 
Interest Valuation Date.]

--- Page 198 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 198 - 
47-41009328 
 
 
 
 
Final Interest Reference 
Level: 
The [average of the] Interest Settlement 
Price[s] [on the Final Interest Valuation 
Date] [determined on each of the Interest 
Averaging Dates]. 
 
 
 
Initial Interest Valuation 
Date: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Final Interest Valuation 
Date: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Averaging: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Interest Averaging Dates: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xviii) Final Differential: 
[Applicable]/[Applicable in respect of the 
Interest Period(s) [    ] (insert such wording 
in case "Interest Rate Switch" applies and 
the Final Differential applies but only in 
respect of some Interest Period(s))]//Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
 
Interest Amount: 
[Calculation 
Amount 
* 
Interest 
Participation 
Factor 
* 
Min(Cap; 
Max(Floor; Final Interest Reference Level 
1 - Final Interest Reference Level 2))] 
[Calculation 
Amount 
* 
Interest 
Participation Factor * Max(Floor; Final 
Interest Reference Level 1 - Final Interest 
Reference Level 2)] 
[Calculation 
Amount 
* 
Interest 
Participation Factor * Min(Cap; Final 
Interest Reference Level 1 - Final Interest 
Reference Level 2)] 
[Calculation 
Amount 
* 
Interest 
Participation Factor * (Final Interest 
Reference Level 1 - Final Interest 
Reference Level 2)] 
[Calculation 
Amount 
* 
Interest 
Participation 
Factor 
* 
Min(Cap; 
Max(Floor; (Final Interest Reference Level

--- Page 199 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 199 - 
47-41009328 
 
1 * Gearing 1) – (Final Interest Reference 
Level 2 * Gearing 2)))] 
[Calculation 
Amount 
* 
Interest 
Participation Factor * Max(Floor; (Final 
Interest Reference Level 1 * Gearing 1) – 
(Final Interest Reference Level 2 * Gearing 
2))] 
[Calculation 
Amount 
* 
Interest 
Participation Factor * Min(Cap; (Final 
Interest Reference Level 1 * Gearing 1) – 
(Final Interest Reference Level 2 * Gearing 
2))] 
[Calculation 
Amount 
* 
Interest 
Participation Factor * ((Final Interest 
Reference Level 1 * Gearing 1) – (Final 
Interest Reference Level 2 * Gearing 2))] 
 
 
 
Interest 
Participation 
Factor: 
[   ] 
 
 
 
Gearing 1: 
[   ] [Not applicable] 
 
 
 
Gearing 2: 
[   ] [Not applicable] 
 
 
 
Floor: 
[   ] [Not applicable] 
 
 
 
Cap: 
[   ] [Not applicable] 
 
 
 
Reference Item 1: 
[    ] [from the [Issue Date] [[*] Interest Rate 
Switch Date] [Interest Payment Date 
falling on [*]][Switch Option Date] to the 
[[*] Interest Rate Switch Date] [Interest 
Payment Date falling on [*]][Switch 
Option Date] and [from the [[*] Interest 
Rate Switch Date] [Interest Payment Date 
falling on [*]][Switch Option Date] to the 
[[*] Interest Rate Switch Date] [Interest 
Payment Date falling on [*]][Switch 
Option Date] [Maturity Date]] [    ] 
 
 
 
Reference Item 2: 
[    ] [from the [Issue Date] [[*] Interest Rate 
Switch Date] [Interest Payment Date 
falling on [*]][Switch Option Date] to the 
[[*] Interest Rate Switch Date] [Interest 
Payment Date falling on [*]][Switch 
Option Date] and [from the [[*] Interest 
Rate Switch Date] [Interest Payment Date

--- Page 200 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 200 - 
47-41009328 
 
falling on [*]][Switch Option Date] to the 
[[*] Interest Rate Switch Date] [Interest 
Payment Date falling on [*]][Switch 
Option Date] [Maturity Date]] [    ] 
 
 
 
Interest Settlement Price: 
[    ] [specify accordance with the Specific 
Conditions] 
 
 
 
Final Interest Reference 
Level 1: 
With respect to Reference Item 1, the 
[average of the] Interest Settlement Price[s] 
[on the Final Interest Valuation Date] 
[determined on each of the Interest 
Averaging Dates]. 
 
 
 
Final Interest Reference 
Level 2: 
With respect to Reference Item 2, the 
[average of the] Interest Settlement Price[s] 
[on the Final Interest Valuation Date] 
[determined on each of the Interest 
Averaging Dates]. 
 
 
 
Final Interest Valuation 
Date: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Averaging: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Interest Averaging Dates: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xix) CMS Differential: 
[Applicable]/[Applicable in respect of the 
Interest Period(s) [    ] (insert such wording 
in case "Interest Rate Switch" applies and 
the CMS Differential applies but only in 
respect of some Interest Period(s))]//Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
 
Designated Maturity 1: 
[●] 
 
 
 
Designated Maturity 2: 
[●] 
 
 
 
N1: 
[●] 
 
 
 
N2: 
[●] 
 
 
 
[Factor A]: 
[●] 
 
 
 
[Factor B]: 
[●]

--- Page 201 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 201 - 
47-41009328 
 
 
 
 
Floor: 
[●] 
 
 
 
Cap: 
[●] 
 
(xx) 
General: 
(the following apply generally to all the 
Structured Rate Provisions from (i) to (xv) 
above) 
 
 
 
Interest Barrier Event: 
[Applicable. An Interest Barrier Event will 
occur if the Interest Settlement Price of [the 
Reference 
Item] 
[Reference 
Item 
1][Reference Item 2][the Component[s] 
comprised in the Basket] is [equal to] [and] 
[/] [or] [greater than][less than] the Interest 
Barrier Level on [an Interest Barrier 
Observation Date][at any time during the 
Interest Barrier Observation Period].] 
[Upon the occurrence of an Interest Barrier 
Event the Notes [cease to bear interest 
from] [and/or] [will be redeemed early on 
[   ] [the Interest Barrier Payment Date 
falling on [  ]].] 
[Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs from (a) to 
(d) below) 
 
 
(a) 
Interest Barrier Amount: 
[   ] 
[Calculation 
Amount 
multiplied 
by 
(1+(Participation Factor multiplied by 
Performance of Underlying))] 
 
 
(b) 
Performance of 
Underlying: 
[ቂ
୊୧୬ୟ୪ ୍୬୲ୣ୰ୣୱ୲ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪
୍୬୧୲୧ୟ୪ ୍୬୲ୣ୰ୣୱ୲ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪ቃ -1] 
[Max [0; ቂ
୊୧୬ୟ୪ ୍୬୲ୣ୰ୣୱ୲ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪
୍୬୧୲୧ୟ୪ ୍୬୲ୣ୰ୣୱ୲ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪ቃ -1]] 
 
 
(c) 
Interest Barrier Level: 
[   ] 
 
 
(d) 
Interest Barrier Payment 
Date[s]: 
[   ] 
 
 
(e) 
Interest Barrier: 
Observation Period: 
[   ] 
 
 
 
Maximum 
Interest 
Amount: 
[    ] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 202 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 202 - 
47-41009328 
 
 
 
 
Minimum 
Interest 
Amount: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[      ] 
 
 
 
First 
Interest 
Payment 
Date: 
[      ] 
 
 
 
Interest Accrual Dates(s): 
[The Interest Accrual Dates are [  ] in each 
year up to and including the Maturity 
Date.] [The Interest Accrual Dates shall be 
the Interest Payment Dates.] 
 
 
 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention] 
[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention] [Preceding Business Day 
Convention] [adjusted] [unadjusted] 
 
 
 
[Additional 
Business 
Centre(s):] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the 
Fiscal Agent): 
[     ] [Name] shall be the Calculation Agent 
(no need to specify if the Fiscal Agent is to 
perform this function)] 
19. Barrier 
Reverse 
Convertible 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
Interest Amount: 
[   ] {[Fixed][Floating][Structured] Rate 
*[Aggregate Nominal Amount]/[Nominal 
Amount]] * Day Count Fraction} 
 
 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[   ] 
 
 
Day Count Fraction: 
[1/1] 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] [Actual/360] [30/360] 
[360/360] 
[Bond 
Basis] 
[30E/360] 
[Eurobond 
Basis] 
[30E/360 
(ISDA)] 
[Unadjusted] [Adjusted in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention] 
20. Switch Option Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 203 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 203 - 
47-41009328 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
Switch Option: 
[specify details of change(s) in Interest 
Basis and the relevant Interest Period to 
which the change(s) in Interest Basis 
applies (N.B. the Issuer must give notice of 
the exercise of the Switch Option to 
Noteholders on or prior to the relevant 
Switch Option Expiry Date)] 
 
 
Switch Option Expiry Date: 
[      ] 
 
 
Switch Option Effective Date(s): 
[      ] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
21. Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
European Style: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
 
Notice Period(s): 
[      ] 
 
(ii) 
American Style: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
 
Exercise Period(s): 
[      ] 
 
(iii) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[      ] 
 
(iv) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
(Call): 
[      ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(v) 
Partial Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(vi) 
Minimum Redemption Amount 
[[      ] per Calculation Amount]  
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 204 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 204 - 
47-41009328 
 
 
(vii) 
Maximum Redemption Amount 
[[      ] per Calculation Amount]  
[Not Applicable] 
22. Redemption for taxation reasons: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
23. Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
European Style: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
 
Notice Period(s): 
[      ] 
 
(ii) 
American Style: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
 
Exercise Period(s): 
[     ] 
 
(iii) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[     ] 
 
(iv) 
Optional Redemption Valuation 
Date (Put) 
[     ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
(Put): 
[[      ] per Calculation Amount] / [Optional 
Redemption Payout]  
 
(vi) 
Minimum Redemption Amount 
[[      ] per Calculation Amount] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Maximum Redemption Amount 
[[      ] per Calculation Amount] [Not 
Applicable] 
24. Autocallable Provision: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
Underlying(s): 
[specify 
name 
and 
details 
of 
the 
underlying(s)] 
 
 
Formula: 
if the Notes are not automatically redeemed 
early on a Barrier Payment Date then:

--- Page 205 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 205 - 
47-41009328 
 
Notional Amount * (1+Remuneration 
Percentaget) 
if the Notes are automatically redeemed 
early as described above then: 
[if the Final Reference Level is equal to or 
greater than the Barrier Level on the 
Valuation Date: 
Notional Amount * (1+Remuneration 
Percentaget) 
[if the Final Reference Level is lower than 
the Barrier Level on the Valuation Date: 
Notional 
Amount*Participation 
Factor*(Final Reference Level / Initial 
Reference Level) 
 
 
Barrier Payment Date(s): 
[    ] 
 
 
Autocallable Strike Level: 
[    ] 
 
 
Remuneration Percentage(t): 
[    ] 
 
 
Barrier Level: 
[    ] 
 
 
Initial Reference Level: 
[   ] 
 
 
Final Reference Level: 
[   ] 
 
 
Participation Factor: 
[   ] 
 
 
Barrier Redemption Amount: 
[   ] 
25. Bonus Provision: 
[Applicable]/[Applicable in respect of the 
Interest Period(s) [    ] (insert such wording 
in case "Interest Rate Switch" applies and 
the Bonus applies but only in respect of 
some Interest Period(s))]//Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
Underlyings: 
[specify 
name 
and 
details 
of 
the 
underlying(s)]

--- Page 206 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 206 - 
47-41009328 
 
 
 
Formula: 
[If the Final Reference Level is equal to or 
greater than the Initial Reference Level and 
the Bonus Stop (European) and the Bonus 
Stop (American) have not occurred: 
[[Notional 
Amount 
* 
max 
[(Initial 
Reference Level*Bonus Factor); Final 
Reference Level]*Multiplier] / [Notional 
Amount 
* 
min 
{(Initial 
Reference 
Level*Bonus Cap); max [(Initial Reference 
Level*Bonus Factor); Final Reference 
Level]}*Multiplier] 
OR 
[If the Final Reference Level is lower than 
the Initial Reference Level and the Bonus 
Stop (European) and the Bonus Stop 
(American) have not occurred: 
Nominal Amount per Notes 
[If the Bonus Stop (European) or the Bonus 
Stop (American) has occurred: 
Notional Amount*(Final Reference Level / 
Initial Reference Level) 
 
 
Initial Reference Level: 
[    ] 
 
 
Final Reference Level: 
[    ] 
 
 
Bonus Factor: 
[    ] 
 
 
Multiplier: 
[    ] 
 
 
Bonus Level: 
[    ] 
 
 
Bonus Cap: 
[    ] 
 
 
Observation Date(s): 
[    ] 
 
 
Observation Period(s): 
[    ] 
26. Airbag Provision: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 207 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 207 - 
47-41009328 
 
 
 
Underlying(s): 
[specify 
name 
and 
details 
of 
the 
underlying(s)] 
 
 
Formula: 
[If the Final Reference Level is greater 
than, or equal to, the Initial Reference 
Level on the Valuation Date, regardless of 
whether or not an Airbag Event has 
occurred: 
Notional Amount * [100% + Participation 
Factor * (ቂ
୊୧୬ୟ୪ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪
୍୬୧୲୧ୟ୪ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪ቃ -1)] 
OR 
[If the Final Reference Level is greater 
than, or equal to, the Initial Reference 
Level on the Valuation Date and the Airbag 
Cap is specified as being applicable in the 
Final Terms, regardless of whether or not 
an Airbag Event has occurred: 
Notional Amount * {100% + min 
[Participation 
Factor 
* 
ቂ
୊୧୬ୟ୪ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪
୍୬୧୲୧ୟ୪ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪ቃ -1); Airgbag Cap)]} 
OR 
[If the Final Reference Level is lower than 
the Initial Reference Level on the Valuation 
Date, but the Final Reference Level is 
greater than the Airbag Level: 
Notional Amount per Note 
OR 
[If the Final Reference Level is lower than 
the or equal to the Airbag Level on the 
Valuation Date: 
Notional Amount * Airbag Factor * (Final 
Reference Level / Initial Reference Level) 
 
 
Airbag Cap: 
[   ] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Participation Factor: 
[   ] 
 
 
Airbag Level: 
[   ]

--- Page 208 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 208 - 
47-41009328 
 
 
 
Initial Reference Level: 
[   ] 
 
 
Final Reference Level: 
[   ] 
 
 
Multiplier: 
[   ] 
 
 
Airbag Factor: 
[    ] 
 
 
Observation Date(s): 
[   ] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Observation Period(s): 
[   ] / [Not Applicable] 
27. Stability Provision: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
Underlying(s): 
[specify 
name 
and 
details 
of 
the 
underlying(s)] 
 
 
Formula: 
[If Stability Break Event has occurred 
before the Final Valuation Date, the Final 
Redemption Amount will be equal to: 
Notional Amount * Max {0%; 100% - 
Multiplier * Redemption Barrier Level – 
(
୊୧୬ୟ୪ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪ሺ୲ሻ
୊୧୬ୟ୪ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪ሺ୲ିଵሻ)]} 
[If a Stability Break Event has not occurred 
before the Final Valuation Date, the Final 
Redemption Amount will be equal to: 
100% * Notional Amount 
 
 
Stability Break Event: 
[   ] [[(Final Reference Levelt – Final 
Reference Level t-1)/ Final Reference Level 
t-1] < Stability Level] 
 
 
Stability Level: 
[   ] 
 
 
Redemption Barrier Level: 
[   ] 
 
 
Multiplier: 
[   ] 
 
 
Initial Reference Level: 
[   ] 
 
 
Final Reference Levelt: 
[    ]

--- Page 209 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 209 - 
47-41009328 
 
 
 
Final Reference Levelt-1: 
[    ] 
28. Barrier 
Reverse 
Convertible 
Provision: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
Underlying(s): 
[specify 
name 
and 
details 
of 
the 
underlying(s)] 
 
 
Formula: 
[If no Redemption Barrier Event has 
occurred 
Nominal Amount per Note 
[If a Redemption Barrier Event has 
occurred and the Final Reference Level is 
[equal to] [or] [greater than] the Initial 
Reference Level 
Nominal Amount per Note 
[If a Redemption Barrier Event has 
occurred and the Final Reference Level is 
lower than the Initial Reference Level 
[[quantity] Ratio per Notes] 
[[amount] Ratio multiplied by the Final 
Reference Level per Note] 
 
 
Ratio: 
[    ] 
 
 
Redemption Barrier Level: 
[   ] 
 
 
Initial Reference Level: 
[   ] 
 
 
Final Reference Level: 
[   ] 
 
Reverse Convertible Provision: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Underlying(s): 
[specify 
name 
and 
details 
of 
the 
underlying(s)] 
 
 
Formula: 
[If the Final Reference Level is [equal to] 
[or] [greater than] the Strike Level 
Nominal Amount per Note

--- Page 210 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 210 - 
47-41009328 
 
[If the Final Reference Level is lower than 
the Strike Level 
[[quantity] Ratio per Notes] 
[[amount] Ratio multiplied by the Final 
Reference Level per Note] 
 
 
Ratio: 
[    ] 
 
 
Strike Level: 
[   ] 
 
 
Initial Reference Level: 
[   ] 
 
 
Final Reference Level: 
[   ] 
29. Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount] 
(Insert the above if the Notes are Credit 
Linked Notes) 
(If the Notes are not Credit Linked Notes 
specify the applicable Final Redemption 
Formula) 
 
(i) 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
Formula: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
Normal Performance: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining text 
of "Normal Performance") 
[The 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
is 
calculated 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
following: 
[Insert if the Reference Item is not a Basket: 
[(i) the Calculation Amount; multiplied by 
(ii) (Factor A [+][-] (Participation Factor 
multiplied 
by 
Performance 
of 
Underlying)),] 
[The Performance of Underlying shall not 
be lower than the Floor] [and]

--- Page 211 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 211 - 
47-41009328 
 
[The Performance of Underlying shall not 
be higher than the Cap] 
[Insert if the Reference Item is a Basket: 
[(i) the Calculation Amount; multiplied by 
(ii) [1+] the sum of each of the following 
values calculated with respect to each 
Component: 
a) 
[1 +] [the greater of (i) 0 and (ii)] 
Performance of Component: multiplied by 
b) 
Component Weight.] 
 
 
Performance Differential: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining text 
of "Performance Differential") 
 
 
 Participation Factor: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] 
[The 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
is 
calculated 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
following: 
[Insert 
if 
Participation 
Factor 
is 
applicable: 
[(i) the Calculation Amount; multiplied by 
(ii) 1 + (Participation Factor multiplied by 
(Performance 
of 
Underlying 
1 
– 
Performance of Underlying 2)),] 
[Insert if Participation Factor is not 
applicable: 
[(i) the Calculation Amount; multiplied by 
(ii) 1 + (Performance of Underlying 1 – 
Performance of Underlying 2),] 
 
 
Digital Call Redemption: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining text 
of "Digital Call Redemption")

--- Page 212 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 212 - 
47-41009328 
 
[The 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
is 
calculated 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
following: 
[If the final Reference Level is equal to or 
greater than the Redemption Barrier Level: 
Notional Amount * 100% 
OR 
[If the Final Reference Level is lower than 
the Redemption Barrier Level: 
Notional Amount * (Final Reference Level 
/ Initial Reference Level) 
 
 
Digital Put Redemption: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining text 
of "Digital Put Redemption") 
[The 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
is 
calculated 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
following: 
[If the final Reference Level is equal to or 
lower than the Redemption Barrier Level: 
Notional Amount * 100% 
OR 
[If the Final Reference Level is greater 
than the Redemption Barrier Level: 
Notional Amount * (Final Reference Level 
/ Initial Reference Level) 
 
 
Final Differential Redemption: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining text 
of "Final Differential Redemption") 
[The 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
is 
calculated 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
following: 
[Calculation Amount * Participation Factor 
* Min(Cap; Max(Floor; Final Reference 
Level 1 - Final Reference Level 2))]

--- Page 213 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 213 - 
47-41009328 
 
[Calculation Amount * Participation Factor 
* Max(Floor; Final Reference Level 1 - 
Final Reference Level 2)] 
[Calculation Amount * Participation Factor 
* Min(Cap; Final Reference Level 1 - Final 
Reference Level 2)] 
[Calculation Amount * Participation Factor 
* (Final Reference Level 1 - Final 
Reference Level 2)] 
[Calculation Amount * Participation Factor 
* Min(Cap; Max(Floor; (Final Reference 
Level 1 * Gearing 1) – (Final Reference 
Level 2 * Gearing 2)))] 
[Calculation Amount * Participation Factor 
* Max(Floor; (Final Reference Level 1 * 
Gearing 1) – (Final Reference Level 2 * 
Gearing 2))] 
[Calculation Amount * Participation Factor 
* Min(Cap; (Final Reference Level 1 * 
Gearing 1) – (Final Reference Level 2 * 
Gearing 2))] 
[Calculation Amount * Participation Factor 
* ((Final Reference Level 1 * Gearing 1) – 
(Final Reference Level 2 * Gearing 2))]] 
 
 
[provided that the Final Redemption 
Amount will not be [greater than the 
Maximum Redemption Amount] [and will 
not be] less than the Minimum Redemption 
Amount]. Such amount shall, if applicable, 
be converted into the Relevant Currency on 
[*] [the Maturity Date]. 
 
 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
Formula: 
[Performance of Underlying is: 
[ቂ
୊୧୬ୟ୪ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪
୍୬୧୲୧ୟ୪ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪ቃ -1] 
[Max [0; ቂ
୊୧୬ୟ୪ ୍୬୲ୣ୰ୣୱ୲ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪
୍୬୧୲୧ୟ୪ ୍୬୲ୣ୰ୣୱ୲ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪ቃ -1]] 
[Performance of Underlying 1 is: 
[ቂ
୊୧୬ୟ୪ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪
୍୬୧୲୧ୟ୪ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪ቃ -1]

--- Page 214 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 214 - 
47-41009328 
 
[Max [0; ቂ
୊୧୬ୟ୪ ୍୬୲ୣ୰ୣୱ୲ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪
୍୬୧୲୧ୟ୪ ୍୬୲ୣ୰ୣୱ୲ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪ቃ -1]] 
[Performance of Underlying 2 is: 
[ቂ
୊୧୬ୟ୪ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪
୍୬୧୲୧ୟ୪ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪ቃ -1] 
[Max [0; ቂ
୊୧୬ୟ୪ ୍୬୲ୣ୰ୣୱ୲ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪
୍୬୧୲୧ୟ୪ ୍୬୲ୣ୰ୣୱ୲ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪ቃ -1]] 
[Performance of Component is: 
ቂ
୊୧୬ୟ୪ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪
୍୬୧୲୧ୟ୪ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୐ୣ୴ୣ୪ቃ -1] 
 
 
[Floor is [   ]] 
[Cap is [   ]] 
[Participation Factor is [   ]] 
[Factor A is [   ]] 
[Gearing 1 is [   ]] 
[Gearing 2 is [   ]] 
(Insert the above if the Notes are Share 
Linked Notes, Index Linked Notes, Fund 
Linked Notes, Inflation Linked Notes, 
Commodity Linked Notes, Debt Linked 
Notes or FX Linked Notes and not Physical 
Delivery Notes) 
 
 
[Not applicable – the Notes are Physical 
Delivery Notes] 
 
(ii) 
Redemption Barrier Event: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[The Redemption Barrier Event will occur 
if the Settlement Price of [the Reference 
Item] [Reference Item 1][Reference Item 
2][the Component[s] comprised in the 
Basket] is [equal to] [and] [or] [greater 
than] [less than] the Redemption Barrier 
Level 
[on 
a 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Observation Date] [at any time during the 
Redemption Barrier Observation Date]

--- Page 215 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 215 - 
47-41009328 
 
 
 
Barrier Redemption Date: 
[Upon the occurrence of a Redemption 
Barrier Event the Notes will be redeemed 
early on [   ].] [    ] 
 
 
Barrier Redemption Amount: 
[    ] 
 
 
Redemption Barrier Level: 
[    ] 
 
 
[Redemption Barrier Observation 
Date[s]]: 
[    ] 
 
 
[Redemption Barrier Observation 
Period]: 
[    ] 
 
 
Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
30. Early Redemption Amount: 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default or Seller Merger Notice 
(if applicable) 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount] 
[An amount in the Relevant Currency being 
the Nominal Amount of the Notes] 
[An amount in the Relevant Currency being 
the higher of (i) the Nominal Amount of the 
Notes and (ii) the fair economic value of 
the Notes at the date of redemption, as 
determined 
and 
calculated 
by 
the 
Calculation Agent in its sole discretion in 
good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner as representing the fair 
economic value of the Note at the date of 
redemption]. 
[An amount in the Relevant Currency 
which 
the 
Calculation 
Agent 
will 
determine and calculate in its sole 
discretion in good faith and in a 
commercially 
reasonable 
manner 
as 
representing the fair economic value of the 
Note at the date of redemption, without 
making any reduction to such value by 
reason of the financial condition of the 
Issuer but taking into account (without 
duplication) any costs and expenses 
incurred by the Issuer in connection with 
the termination of any agreement or

--- Page 216 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 216 - 
47-41009328 
 
instrument entered into by the Issuer for the 
purposes of hedging the risk arising from 
the entering into and performance of its 
obligations under the Notes.] 
[The Early Redemption Amount Payable 
on Event of Default shall be Euro [  ] for 
each Note of Euro [ ] Specified 
Denomination.] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
31. Form of Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
a Permanent Global Note which is 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes on [    ] 
days' notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Note.] 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [      ] days' notice.] 
 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [      ] days' notice/at 
any time/in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note]. 
[The Notes will be issued and held in book-
entry form by [Monte Titoli S.p.A/ include 
the name of any other custodian appointed 
by the Issuer], as Centralised Custodian.] 
32. New Global Note form: 
[Yes/No] 
33. Additional Financial Centre(s) relating to 
Payment Business Dates: 
[Not Applicable] [     ] 
 
 
 
[Note that this item relates to the date and 
place of payment and not to interest period 
end dates] 
34. Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to 
be attached to Definitive Notes (and dates 
on which such Talons mature): 
[No] 
[Yes. As the Notes have more than 27 
coupon payments, Talons may be required 
if, on exchange into definitive form, more 
than 27 coupon payments are left. The 
dates on which such Talons mature are [
 
].]

--- Page 217 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 217 - 
47-41009328 
 
35. Details relating to Installment Notes: 
(amount of each installment, date on 
which each payment is to be made): 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Installment Date(s): 
[ 
] 
 
(ii) 
Installment Amount(s) 
[ 
] 
36. Total Repurchase Option / Partial 
Repurchase Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Total Repurchase Option date / 
Partial Repurchase Option date(s): 
[     ] 
 
(ii) 
Repurchase amount(s): 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[     ]  (at least 5 business days prior notice)

--- Page 218 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 218 - 
47-41009328 
 
PRODUCT TERMS 
(Include the relevant Product Terms for Share Linked Notes, Index Linked Notes, Fund 
Linked Notes, Credit Linked Notes, Inflation Linked Notes, Commodity Linked Notes, Debt 
Linked Notes, Interest Rate Linked Notes, FX Linked Notes or Dual Currency Notes and, if 
applicable, the Product Terms for Physical Delivery Notes) 
 
[37.] Share Linked Notes Provisions 
[The following apply to Share Linked 
Notes where the Notes are linked to a 
single share only and, if applicable, 
are to be completed for each share]: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Reference Item: 
[           ] 
 
 
 
Share Issuer: 
[           ] 
 
 
 
Shares: 
[name and short description of type of shares] 
issued by the Share Issuer (ISIN: [●]). 
 
 
 
Final Share Price: 
[insert one of the followings [the high price] 
[the low price] [the average of the high price 
and the low price] [the closing price] [the 
opening price] [the bid price] [the asked 
price] [the average of the bid price and the 
asked price] [the settlement price] [the 
official settlement price] [the official price] 
[the morning fixing] [the afternoon fixing] 
[the spot price] [specify any other price which 
must be a price reported in or by, or capable 
of being determined from information 
reported in or by, the relevant Price Source]] 
 
 
 
Price Source: 
[           ] 
 
(ii) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/ 
Not 
Applicable] 
[If 
not 
applicable, delete the automatic early 
redemption provisions which follow] 
  
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Date(s): 
[       ] [Not Applicable] [If Notes may be 
redeemed as a result of an Automatic Early 
Redemption Event during an Observation 
Period, then specify if redemption is not to

--- Page 219 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 219 - 
47-41009328 
 
take place five Business Days after the 
Automatic Early Redemption Event] 
 
 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Event: 
[greater than/greater than or equal to/less 
than/less than or equal to/[*]] 
 
 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Price: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Rate: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation Date(s): 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Observation 
Period[s]: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Averaging Dates: 
[      ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day: 
[a day on which (i) commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in [●] [and (ii) the 
TARGET System is open]. 
 
(v) 
Constant Monitoring: 
[Applicable (if applicable, specify "Valuation 
Time Only" below as not applicable)] [Not 
Applicable] (may be applicable if Automatic 
Early Redemption is applicable) 
 
(vi) 
Exchange: 
[          ] [Shares must be traded on a regulated, 
regularly operating, recognised open market] 
 
(vii) 
Expiration Date: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Initial Reference Level: 
[       (if fallback provisions in Chapter 3, Part 
(A), not to apply)] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Observation Date(s): 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Observation Period: 
[The period from and including the Issue 
Date, Strike Date or [●] to and including the 
Expiration Date or [●]]

--- Page 220 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 220 - 
47-41009328 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Share Currency: 
[specify] 
 
(xii) 
Strike Date: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Strike Price: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Valuation Time Only: 
[Applicable (If applicable specify "Constant 
Monitoring" above as not applicable)] 
[Not Applicable] 
[37.] [The following apply to Share Linked 
Notes where the Notes are linked to a 
Basket of Shares only: 
 
 
(i) 
Reference Item: 
[           ] 
 
 
 
Share Issuer: 
[           ] 
 
 
 
Shares: 
"Basket" means a basket composed of Shares 
in the relative [proportions/numbers of 
Shares] specified below: 
[Insert details of: 
 
Share Issuer 
 
Name and short description of type of 
shares 
 
[Component Weights] 
 
ISIN number 
 
Exchange 
 
Final Share Price [insert one of the 
followings: [the high price] [the low price] 
[the average of the high price and the low 
price] [the closing price] [the opening price] 
[the bid price] [the asked price] [the average 
of the bid price and the asked price] [the 
settlement price] [the official settlement 
price] [the official price] [the morning fixing] 
[the afternoon fixing] [the spot price] [specify 
any other price which must be a price 
reported in or by, or capable of being

--- Page 221 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 221 - 
47-41009328 
 
determined from information reported in or 
by, the relevant Price Source]] 
 
Price Source] 
 
(ii) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
[If 
not 
applicable, delete the automatic early 
redemption provisions which follow] 
  
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
  
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Date(s): 
[       ] [Not Applicable] [If Notes may be 
redeemed as a result of an Automatic Early 
Redemption Event during an Observation 
Period, then specify if redemption is not to 
take place five Business Days after the 
Automatic Early Redemption Event] 
  
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Event: 
[specify whether the Automatic Early 
Redemption Event is triggered by the Price of 
one or more Shares in the Basket; specify the 
applicable Share(s)] 
[greater than/ greater than or equal to/ less 
than/ less than or equal to] [complete as 
appropriate] 
  
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Price(s): 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
  
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Rate: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
  
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation Date(s): 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Averaging Dates: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day: 
[A day on which (i) commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign

--- Page 222 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 222 - 
47-41009328 
 
currency deposits) in [●] [and (ii) the 
TARGET system is open]. 
 
(v) 
Constant Monitoring: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] [If applicable 
specify as applicable and specify "Valuation 
Time Only" below as not applicable] (may be 
applicable if Automatic Early Redemption is 
applicable) 
 
(vi) 
Exchange: 
[specify] [Shares must be traded on a 
regulated, regularly operating, recognised 
open market] 
 
(vii) 
Expiration Date: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Initial Reference Level: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(ix) 
Observation Date(s): 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Observation Period: 
[The period from and including the Issue 
Date, Strike Date or [●] to and including the 
Expiration Date or [●]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Share Currency: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Strike Date: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Strike Price: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Valuation Time Only: 
[Applicable.] 
[If 
applicable, 
specify 
"Constant 
Monitoring" 
above 
as 
not 
applicable] [Not Applicable] ] 
[37.] Index Linked Notes Provisions 
[The following apply to Index Linked 
Notes where the Notes are linked to a 
single index only and, if applicable, 
are to be completed for each index: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Reference Item: 
[           ] 
 
 
 
Index: 
[           ]

--- Page 223 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 223 - 
47-41009328 
 
 
 
 
Index Sponsor: 
[       ] 
 
 
 
Final Index Level: 
[insert one of the followings: [the high price] 
[the low price] [the average of the high price 
and the low price] [the closing price] [the 
opening price] [the bid price] [the asked 
price] [the average of the bid price and the 
asked price] [the settlement price] [the 
official settlement price] [the official level] 
[the morning fixing] [the afternoon fixing] 
[the spot price] [specify any other price which 
must be a level reported in or by, or capable 
of being determined from information 
reported in or by, the relevant Index 
Sponsor]] 
 
(ii) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
[If not applicable, delete the automatic early 
redemption provisions which follow] 
 
 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
  
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Date(s): 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
[If Notes may be redeemed as a result of an 
Automatic Early Redemption Event during an 
Observation 
Period, 
then 
specify 
if 
redemption is not to take place five Business 
Days after the Automatic Early Redemption 
Event] 
 
 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Event: 
[greater than/ greater than or equal to/less 
than/ less than or equal to] [complete as 
appropriate] 
 
 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Level: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Rate: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
  
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation Date(s): 
[       ] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 224 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 224 - 
47-41009328 
 
 
(iii) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Averaging Dates: 
[[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day: 
[specify as [a day on which (i) commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in [●] [and (ii) the 
TARGET System is open]] 
 
(v) 
Constant Monitoring: 
[If applicable specify as applicable and 
specify "Official Closing Level Only" below 
as not applicable] (may be applicable if 
Automatic Early Redemption is applicable) 
 
(vi) 
Exchange(s): 
[specify if Non-Multi Exchange Index, 
otherwise no need to complete] 
 
(vii) 
Expiration Date: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Initial Reference Level: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Multi-Exchange Index: 
[Yes][No] 
 
(x) 
Non Multi-Exchange Index: 
[Yes][No] 
 
(xi) 
Observation Date(s): 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Observation Period: 
[specify as [the period from and including the 
Issue Date, Strike Date or [●] to and 
including the Expiration Date or [●]]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Official Closing Level Only: [If applicable, specify as applicable and 
specify "Constant Monitoring" above as not 
applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Strike Date: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xv) 
Strike Price: 
[       ] [Not Applicable]] 
[37.] [The following apply to Index Linked 
Notes where the Notes are linked to a 
Basket of Indices only: 
 
 
(i) 
Reference Item: 
[           ]

--- Page 225 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 225 - 
47-41009328 
 
 
 
 
Indices: 
"Basket" means a basket composed of 
Indices in the relative proportions specified 
below: 
[Insert details for each Index of: 
 
Index Sponsor 
 
[Component Weights]] 
 
Final Index Level: [insert one of the 
followings: [the high price] [the low 
price] [the average of the high price 
and the low price] [the closing price] 
[the opening price] [the bid price] [the 
asked price] [the average of the bid 
level and the asked price] [the 
settlement 
price] 
[the 
official 
settlement price] [the official price] 
[the morning fixing] [the afternoon 
fixing] [the spot price] [specify any 
other price which must be a price 
reported in or by, or capable of being 
determined from information reported 
in or by, the relevant Index Sponsor]] 
 
(ii) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
[If not applicable, delete the automatic early 
redemption provisions which follow] 
 
 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Date(s): 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
[If Notes may be redeemed as a result of an 
Automatic Early Redemption Event during an 
Observation 
Period, 
then 
specify 
if 
redemption is not to take place five Business 
Days after the Automatic Early Redemption 
Event] 
 
 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Event: 
[greater than/ greater than or equal to/less 
than/ less than or equal to] [complete as 
appropriate]

--- Page 226 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 226 - 
47-41009328 
 
 
 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Level: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Rate: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation Date(s): 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Averaging Dates: 
[[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day: 
[specify as [a day on which (i) commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in [●] [and (ii) the 
TARGET System is open]] 
 
(v) 
Constant Monitoring: 
[If applicable specify as applicable and 
specify "Official Closing Level Only" below 
as not applicable] (may be applicable if 
Automatic Early Redemption is applicable) 
 
(vi) 
Exchange(s): 
[specify if Non-Multi Exchange Index, 
otherwise no need to complete] 
 
(vii) 
Expiration Date: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Initial Reference Level: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Multi-Exchange Index: 
[Yes][No] 
 
(x) 
Non Multi-Exchange Index: 
[Yes][No] 
 
(xi) 
Observation Date(s): 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Observation Period: 
[specify as [the period from and including the 
Issue Date, Strike Date or [●] to and 
including the Expiration Date or [●]]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Official Closing Level Only: [If applicable, specify as applicable and 
specify "Constant Monitoring" above as not 
applicable]

--- Page 227 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 227 - 
47-41009328 
 
 
(xiv) 
Strike Date: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xv) 
Strike Price: 
[       ] [Not Applicable]] 
[37.] Fund Linked Notes Provisions 
[The following apply to Fund Linked 
Notes only: [specify the following 
items for each Reference Item] 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[Note for a derivative security to be listed on certain regulated markets: the 
underlying must be traded on a regulated, regularly operating, recognised open 
market, unless the underlying or ultimate underlying is a currency, index, interest 
rate, commodity, a combination of these, or credit linked, or the underlying is a UCITS 
fund or an investment fund authorised by the Central Bank of Ireland or the competent 
authority of another EU member state deemed equivalent by Euronext Dublin. Similar 
restrictions are applicable also in other circumstances.] 
 
(i) 
Reference Item: 
 
 
 
 
Fund: 
[Specify] 
 
 
 
Fund Interest: 
[Specify] 
 
 
 
Fund Manager: 
[Specify] 
 
(ii) 
Applicable Fund Centre(s): 
(for the purpose of Fund Business Days) [●] 
 
(iii) 
Fund 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Following] 
/ 
[Modified 
Following] 
/ 
[Preceding] Market Disruption 
 
(iv) 
Disrupted Period: 
[●] [Specify number of Fund Business Days 
before Issuer may estimate values owing to 
Market Disruption] Fund Business Days 
 
(v) 
Basket Portfolio Disruption: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] [Affected Fund 
Disruption/Basket Disruption/Affected Fund 
Estimate] 
 
(vi) 
Averaging Date Disruption: 
[Omission] / [Postponement] / [Modified 
Postponement] 
 
(vii) 
Basket 
Averaging 
Date 
Disruption: 
[Affected 
Fund] 
[Basket] 
[Omission] 
[Affected Fund] [Basket] [Postponement] 
[Affected 
Fund] 
[Basket] 
[Modified 
Postponement] 
 
(viii) 
Cut-off Period: 
[Not Applicable] [●]

--- Page 228 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 228 - 
47-41009328 
 
(If 
Averaging 
Date 
Disruption is determined by 
Modified Postponement and 
the period is different to the 
Disrupted Period) 
 
(ix) 
Initial Reference Level: 
[     ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
 
 
(x) 
Final Reference Level: 
 
 
 
 
Final Price 
[Single Price is applicable] [Average Price is 
applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Substitution Event (select all 
that apply): 
[Audit 
Event;] 
[Charging 
Change;] 
[Corporate Event;] [Cross-contamination;] 
[Currency 
Change;] 
[Fund 
Accounting 
Event;] [Fund Constitution Breach;] [Fund 
Constitution Change;] [Fund Regulatory 
Event;] [Fund Rules Breach;] [Fund Strategy 
Breach;] [Fund Strategy Change;] [Fund Tax 
Event;] [Hedging Event;] [Investor Tax 
Event;] [Litigation Event;] [Management 
Change;] [Mandatory Disposal;] [Market 
Event;] [NAV Suspension;] [Performance 
Failure;] 
[Potential 
Regulatory 
Event;] 
[Redemption Failure;] [Regulatory Event;] 
[Subscription/Redemption 
Alteration;] 
[Subscription/Redemption 
Restriction;] 
[Transfer Restriction] 
[Not Applicable] 
[The following apply to Fund Linked Notes 
only where Basket Portfolio Provisions shall 
apply: 
 
[37.] Basket Portfolio: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Initial Funds and Initial 
Weights:

--- Page 229 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 229 - 
47-41009328 
 
 
Fund 
Class 
Bloomberg 
Ticker 
ISIN 
[Initial] [Component] 
Weight (per cent.) 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
(ii) 
Basket Business Day: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Initial Basket Value: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Notional Fund Price: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Initial Reference Level: 
[     ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Final Reference Level: 
 
 
 
 
Final Basket Price: 
[Not Applicable] [Single Price is applicable] 
[Average Price is applicable] 
 
 
 
Final 
Basket 
Portfolio 
Interest 
Price: 
[Not Applicable] [Single Price is applicable] 
[Average Price is applicable] 
 
(vii) 
No Weight Rebalancing: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Standard 
Weight 
Rebalancing: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the rest of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
(a) 
Weight Rebalancing 
Date: 
[●] 
 
(ix) 
Active Weight Rebalancing: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(a) 
Active 
Weight 
Rebalancing Entity: 
[●] 
 
 
(b) 
Weight Rebalancing 
Date: 
[●] 
 
 
(c) 
Active 
Weight 
Rebalancing Written 
Notice: 
(unless specified is 100 
calendar days) 
[●]

--- Page 230 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 230 - 
47-41009328 
 
 
 
(d) 
Investment 
Restrictions: 
[●] 
 
 
(e) 
Fallback 
Active 
Weight Rebalancing: 
[●] 
 
(x) 
Standard 
Weight 
Rebalancing 
subject 
to 
Thresholds: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(a) 
Weight Rebalancing 
Date: 
[●] 
 
 
(b) 
Threshold: 
[●] 
 
(xi) 
Other Weight Rebalancing: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete rest of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
Weight Rebalancing Date: 
[●] 
[insert provisions in relation to Other Weight 
Rebalancing] 
 
(xii) 
Replacement Funds: 
 
 
Replacement Fund 
Class 
Bloomberg Ticker 
ISIN 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
[37.] Credit Linked Notes Provisions: 
[The following apply to Credit Linked 
Notes only 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Type of Notes: 
[Single Name Credit Linked Notes/First-to-
Default Credit Linked Notes/Nth-to-Default 
Credit Linked Notes*/ Nth-to-Default Linear 
Basket Credit-Linked Notes/ Linear Basket 
Credit-Linked Notes/ Tranche Notes] 
 
 
 
[Where the Notes are Nth-to-Default Credit 
Linked Notes or Nth-to-Default Linear Basket 
Credit-Linked Notes or specify the value of N, 
e.g. 
"Second-to-Default 
Credit 
Linked 
Notes"]

--- Page 231 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 231 - 
47-41009328 
 
 
(ii) 
Settlement Basis: 
[Cash 
Settlement/Physical 
Settlement/Auction 
Settlement/Cash 
Settlement or Physical Settlement/Cash 
Settlement or Physical Settlement or Auction 
Settlement] [As per Physical Settlement 
Matrix] 
[If Protected Defaulted Reference Entities is 
specified as applicable. If no Credit Event has 
occurred or if Credit Events have occurred in 
respect of up to the Protected Defaulted 
Reference Entities, the principal amount of 
the Notes shall not be redeemed neither in 
whole nor in part. Upon the occurrence of a 
Credit Event in respect of the Relevant 
Defaulted Reference Entities then the Issuer 
shall redeem, for each Relevant Defaulted 
Reference Entity - a portion of the principal 
amount of the Notes equal to the Applicable 
Redemption Proportion without making any 
payment and/or delivery in favor to the 
Noteholders. For the avoidance of doubt, no 
Cash 
Settlement 
Amount, 
Deliverable 
Obligation or Cash Auction Settlement 
Amount as provided by General Terms for 
Credit Linked Notes, shall be due by the 
Issuer to the Noteholders upon the occurrence 
of a Credit Event.] 
[Cash Settlement ONLY for Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes, First-to-Default Credit 
Linked Notes or Nth-to-Default Credit Linked 
Notes, Tranche Notes] 
 
 
Protected 
Defaulted 
Reference Entities: 
[Not 
Applicable][Applicable. 
[specify 
maximum number of protected Reference 
Entities] 
 
 
Applicable 
Redemption 
Proportion 
[Not Applicable][Applicable. A percentage 
equal to:  
N െn
N െProtected Defaulted Reference Entities 
Where: 
"N" indicates the number of Reference 
Entities comprised in the Reference Portfolio, 
equal to [●]; and

--- Page 232 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 232 - 
47-41009328 
 
"n" indicates the number of Reference 
Entities in respect of which a Credit Event has 
occurred from the Credit Observation Start 
Date, until the date on which a Credit Event 
has occurred in respect of any Defaulted 
Credit.] 
 
 
Fallback Settlement Basis: 
[Cash Settlement/Physical Settlement//Not 
Applicable] [As per Physical Settlement 
Matrix] 
[Cash Settlement ONLY for Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes, First-to-Default Credit 
Linked Notes or Nth-to-Default Credit Linked 
Notes] 
 
 
Final Value: 
[Fixed Recovery: [Insert the percentage] per 
cent.] 
[Floating Recovery with Auction Method: the 
Final Value is to be determined pursuant to a 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and if 
a Transaction Auction Settlement Terms is 
published on or before 140 Business Days 
following the Credit Event Determination 
Date, that provides for the valuation of 
obligations of a Reference Entity in respect of 
which a Credit Event has occurred, means the 
Auction Final Price (as specified in the 
relevant Transaction Auction Settlement 
Terms and expressed as a percentage) 
determined, if any, under such Transaction 
Auction Settlement Terms and applicable to 
the status of the Reference Obligation 
(subordinated or senior or any other 
applicable status as the case may be) or if no 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms is 
published on or before 140 Business Days 
following the Credit Event Determination 
Date, means the amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the Credit Valuation 
Date as follows: 
(x) the Final Price if there is only one 
Reference Obligation; or 
(y) the weighted average of the Final Prices of 
the Reference Obligations if the latter are a 
portfolio.]

--- Page 233 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 233 - 
47-41009328 
 
[Floating Recovery with Quotation Dealers 
Method: Final Value means the amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
Credit Valuation Date as follows: 
(x) the Final Price if there is only one 
Reference Obligation; or 
(y) the weighted average of the Final Prices of 
the Reference Obligations if the latter are a 
portfolio.] 
[If Physical Settlement: Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Reference Entity/ies: 
[Specify] 
[Where the Notes are Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Notes or Tranche Notes, specify the 
value of the Related Nominal Amount for 
each Reference Entity] [Where the Notes are 
Nth-to-Default Linear Basket Credit-Linked 
Notes, specify the value of the Related 
Nominal Amount for each Remaining 
Reference Entity] 
 
(iv) 
Tranche Notes: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] (if Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraph) 
 
 
 
Tranche 
Subordination 
Amount: 
[Specify for the purposes of Condition 14 of 
the General Terms for Credit Linked Notes] 
The Reference Portfolio Notional Amount 
multiplied by the Attachment Point] 
 
 
 
Tranche 
Notional 
Amount: 
[Specify for the purposes of Condition 14 of 
the General Terms for Credit Linked Notes] 
The Aggregate Nominal Amount] 
 
 
 
N-to-M-to-Default: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Applicable. Where: 
N: [number corresponding to the Ranking 
starting at which the Aggregate Loss Amount 
will be an amount greater than zero] 
M: [number corresponding to the Ranking 
above which the Aggregate Loss Amount 
ceases to increase]

--- Page 234 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 234 - 
47-41009328 
 
P: [number of reference Entities within the 
Reference Portfolio] 
 
 
 
Attachment Point: 
[if paragraph "N-to-M-to-Default is stated as 
being "Not applicable": [insert percentage]] 
[if paragraph "N-to-M-to-Default is stated as 
being "Applicable": [(N-1)/P]%]] 
 
 
 
Detachment Point: 
[if paragraph "N-to-M-to-Default is stated as 
being "Not applicable": [insert percentage]] 
[if paragraph "N-to-M-to-Default is stated as 
being "Applicable": [M/P]%]] 
 
 
 
Cumulative Level: 
[applicable [specify number of Defaulted 
Credits][Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Reference Portfolio 
Notional Amount: 
[Specify for the purposes of Condition 14 of 
the General Terms for Credit Linked Notes] 
[An amount equal to the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount divided by the difference between 
the Detachment Point and the Attachment 
Point] 
 
 
 
Reference 
Entity 
Notional Amount: 
[Specify for the purposes of Condition 14 of 
the General Terms for Credit Linked Notes] 
[For each Reference Entity comprised in the 
Reference Portfolio: the amount equal to the 
product of the Reference Entity Weighting 
and 
the 
Reference 
Portfolio 
Notional 
Amount] 
 
 
 
Reference 
Entity 
Weighting: 
[Specify for the purposes of Condition 14 of 
the General Terms for Credit Linked Notes] 
[   ] 
 
 
 
Tranche Reference 
Price: 
[[Insert 
percentage]%][if 
not 
specified 
[100%]] 
 
 
 
Aggregate 
Loss 
Amount: 
[Not Applicable] / [Applicable. [Specify for 
the purposes of Condition 14 of the General 
Terms for Credit Linked Notes] The lowest of 
(i) the Tranche Notional Amount; and (ii) the 
highest of (x) zero and (y) the difference 
between (xx) the aggregate of the Loss 
Amount for all Reference Entities in respect 
of which a Credit Event Determination Date 
has 
occurred 
and 
(xy) 
the 
Tranche 
Subordination Amount]

--- Page 235 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 235 - 
47-41009328 
 
 
 
 
Loss Amount: 
[Not Applicable] / [Applicable. 
[if paragraph "N-to-M-to-Default is stated as 
being "Not applicable": in relation to each 
Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit 
Event Determination Date has occurred, an 
amount equal to the product of: 
(i) the Reference Entity Notional Amount; 
and 
(ii) the difference between the Tranche 
Reference Price and the Final Value, 
subject to a minimum of zero.][   ] 
[if paragraph "N-to-M-to-Default is stated as 
being "Applicable": in relation to each 
Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit 
Event Determination Date has occurred, an 
amount equal to the product of: 
(i) the Reference Entity Notional Amount; 
and 
(ii) the Tranche Reference Price.]] 
 
(v) 
Transaction Type Standard 
Terms: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph) 
 
 
 
Transaction Type: 
[Specify] 
 
(vi) 
Reference Obligation(s): 
[CUSIP/ISIN: [*]] [None] 
[Standard 
Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]] 
 
(vii) 
Non- 
Reference 
Entity 
Original 
Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation: 
[Applicable – the Reference Obligation(s) 
specified above will constitute [a] valid 
Original 
Non-Standard 
Reference 
Obligation(s).][Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Seniority Level: 
[Senior 
Level]]Subordinated 
Level][Not 
Specified] 
 
(ix) 
All Guarantees: 
[Applicable][Not 
applicable] 
[As 
per 
Physical Settlement Matrix] 
 
(x) 
Credit Events: 
[Bankruptcy]

--- Page 236 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 236 - 
47-41009328 
 
[Potential Failure to Pay] 
[Failure to Pay] 
[Payment Requirement: [U.S.$ 1,000,000] 
[  ] or its equivalent in the relevant 
Obligation Currency as of the occurrence of 
the relevant Failure to Pay] 
[Obligation Acceleration] 
[Obligation Default] 
[Repudiation/Moratorium] 
[Restructuring] 
[Mod R is applicable] [Mod Mod R is 
applicable] 
[Governmental Intervention] 
[Default Requirement: [U.S.$ 10,000,000] [  ] 
or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation 
Currency as of the occurrence of the relevant 
Credit Event]] 
[Multiple Holder Obligation:[Applicable] 
[Not Applicable]]] 
Notifying Party: [specify] 
 
 
Financial Reference Entity 
Terms: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
Subordinated 
European 
Insurance Terms: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
[If not applicable, delete the automatic early 
redemption provisions which follow] 
 
 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
  
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
[If Notes may be redeemed as a result of an 
Automatic Early Redemption Event during an

--- Page 237 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 237 - 
47-41009328 
 
Observation 
Period, 
then 
specify 
if 
redemption is not to take place five Business 
Days after the Automatic Early Redemption 
Event] 
 
 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Event: 
[greater than/ greater than or equal to/less 
than/ less than or equal to] [complete as 
appropriate] 
 
 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Level: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Rate: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
  
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation Date(s): 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
  
 
Observation 
Period(s): 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Notice 
of 
Publicly 
Available 
Information 
applicable for: 
 
 
 
(a) 
Credit Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(b) 
Repudiation/ 
Moratorium 
Extension Condition: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(c) 
Grace 
Period 
Extension Condition: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Public Source: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Specified Number: 
[    ] (If no number is specified, the Specified 
Number shall be two) 
 
(xv) 
Grace Period Extension: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xvi) 
Grace Period: 
[  ] days 
[Not Applicable] 
[If Grace Period Extension is applicable, 
consider whether or not to specify the number 
of days in the Grace Period. If a number of

--- Page 238 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 238 - 
47-41009328 
 
days is not so specified (in which case the 
paragraph may be deleted), the Grace Period 
will be the lesser of the applicable grace 
period with respect to the relevant Obligation 
and 30 calendar days.] 
[As per Physical Settlement Matrix] 
 
(xvii) 
Credit Observation Start 
Date: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xviii) 
Scheduled 
Observation 
End Date: 
[Not Applicable] [       ] [       (Specify if subject 
to adjustment in accordance with a Business 
Day Convention)] 
 
(xix) 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
Postponement: 
[Applicable (if Interest Payment Dates are to 
be delayed pending resolution of Potential 
Failure to Pay)] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(xx) 
Accrual Interest: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If is Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraph) 
 
 
 
Accrual 
Interest 
End Date: 
[    ] 
 
(xxi) 
Repudiation/Moratorium 
Scheduled Maturity Date 
Postponement: 
[Applicable (if Interest Payment Dates are to 
be delayed pending resolution of Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium)] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(xxii) 
Obligation Category: 
[Payment] [Borrowed Money] [Reference 
Obligations Only] [Bond] [Loan] [Bond or 
Loan] [Select only one] 
[As per Physical Settlement Matrix] 
 
(xxii) 
Obligation Characteristics: 
[Not Subordinated Specified Currency]  [Not 
Sovereign Lender] [Not Domestic Currency] 
[Not Domestic Law] [Listed] [Not Domestic 
Issuance] [None] 
[Select all that apply] 
[As per Physical Settlement Matrix]

--- Page 239 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 239 - 
47-41009328 
 
 
(xxiv) 
Excluded Obligation(s): 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xxv) 
Terms relating to Cash 
Settlement: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
 
Cash 
Settlement 
Date: 
[[ ] Business Days following the calculation 
of the Final Price] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Cash 
Settlement 
Amount: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Valuation Method: 
[Highest] 
[Market] 
[Average 
Highest] 
[Average Market] [Not Applicable] 
(Only required if no Cash Settlement Amount 
is specified) 
 
 
 
Single 
Valuation 
Date: 
[Specify] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Multiple Valuation 
Date: 
[Specify] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Valuation Dates: 
[Specify number of Valuation Dates] 
 
 
 
Final Price: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Quotation Amount: 
[[€][$] [ ]] 
 
 
 
[Delete paragraph if Quotation Amount is the 
outstanding 
principal 
balance 
of 
the 
Reference Obligation.] 
 
 
 
Quotation Dealer: 
[Specify] [as specified in Credit Linked 
Condition 14] 
 
 
 
Minimum 
Quotation Amount: 
[Specify] [as specified in Credit Linked 
Condition 14] 
 
 
 
Quotation Method: 
[Bid/Offer/Mid-market] [as specified in 
Credit Linked Condition 14] 
 
 
 
Valuation Time: 
[Specify] 
 
(xxvi) 
Terms relating to Auction 
Cash Settlement: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 240 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 240 - 
47-41009328 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
 
Auction 
Cash 
Settlement Amount: [       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Auction 
Cash 
Settlement Date: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xxvii) 
Terms relating to Physical 
Settlement: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
 
Asset 
Package 
Delivery: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Physical Settlement 
Date: 
[[ ] Business Days after the date of delivery 
of the Notice of Physical Settlement] [As per 
Physical Settlement Matrix] 
 
 
 
Physical Settlement 
Period: 
[Specify] [As specified in Credit Linked 
Condition 14] 
 
 
 
Partial 
Cash 
Settlement Date: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Partial 
Cash 
Settlement Amount: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Category: 
[Payment] [Borrowed Money]  [Reference 
Obligations Only] [Bond] [Loan] [Bond or 
Loan] [Select only one] 
[As per Physical Settlement Matrix] 
 
 
 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristics: 
[Not Subordinated] [Specified Currency] 
[Not Sovereign Lender] [Not Domestic 
Currency] [Not Domestic Law] [Listed] [Not 
Domestic 
Issuance] 
[Assignable 
Loan] 
[Consent Required Loan] [Direct Loan 
Participation] 
[Transferable] 
[Maximum 
Maturity] [Accelerated or Matured] [Not 
Bearer] 
[Select all that apply] 
[As per Physical Settlement Matrix]

--- Page 241 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 241 - 
47-41009328 
 
[The Maximum Maturity is [specify]] 
 
 
 
Excluded 
Deliverable 
Obligation(s): 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Method 
of 
Delivery: 
[As specified in Credit Linked Condition 5] 
[specify] 
 
(xxviii) Specified Currencies: 
[Specify] 
 
(xxix) 
Quotations: 
[Include Accrued Interest] [Exclude Accrued 
Interest] 
 
(xxx) 
Hedge Unwind 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xxxi) 
Standard Unwind 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xxxii) 
Business Day(s): 
[Specify] [Not Applicable] [As per Physical 
Settlement Matrix] 
 
(xxxiii) Successor Backstop Date: 
[       (Specify if subject to adjustment in 
accordance 
with 
a 
Business 
Day 
Convention)] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xxxiv) Minimum Quotation 
Amount: 
[       ]  [Not Applicable] 
 
(xxxv) 
Domestic Currency: 
[       ]  [Not Applicable] 
 
(xxxvi) Qualifying Participation 
Seller 
[       ]  [Not Applicable] 
 
(xxxvii) Extended Maturity Date: 
[As specified in Credit Linked Condition 14] 
[specify] 
 
(xxxviii) Extension Date: 
[As specified in Credit Linked Condition 14] 
[specify] 
 
(xxxix) Specific Non-Standard 
Event Determination Date 
provision: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Specific 
Non-
Standard 
Event 
[     ]

--- Page 242 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 242 - 
47-41009328 
 
Determination 
Date: 
 
(xl) 
Outstanding Principal 
Balance: 
[As specified in Credit Linked Condition 14] 
[specify] 
 
(xli) 
Trade Date (for the 
purposes of the Credit 
Linked Conditions): 
[specify] 
 
(xlii) 
Credit Participation Factor: [Applicable. [insert percentage]] /[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xliii) 
Additional Disruption 
Events: 
[The following Additional Disruption Events 
apply to the Notes:] [Not applicable] 
(Specify each of the following which 
applies.) 
[Change in Law] 
[Hedging Disruption] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging]  
[37.] Inflation Linked Provisions 
[The following apply to Inflation 
Linked Notes only: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Reference Item: 
 
 
 
 
Index: 
[Specify] 
 
 
 
Index Sponsor: 
[       ] [The definition in Condition 2 of the 
Inflation Linked Conditions shall apply] 
 
(ii) 
Related Bond: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] (if applicable 
and if nothing further is specified then it will 
be the Fallback Bond) 
 
 
 
Issuer 
of 
Related 
Bond: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Related 
Bond 
Redemption Event: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Averaging: 
[       ] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 243 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 243 - 
47-41009328 
 
 
 
 
Averaging Dates: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Observation Date: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Expiration Date: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Strike Date: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Strike Price: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Initial Reference Level 
[       ] 
 
(viii) 
Observation Period: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Cut-Off Date: 
In respect of a Determination Date, the day 
that is [●] Business Days prior to such 
Determination Date. 
 
(x) 
Initial Index Level Month: 
[The month falling [●] months prior to the 
month in which the relevant Interest Period 
ends] [Insert other time period for Index 
reporting] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Final Index Level Month: 
[The month falling [●] months prior to the 
month in which the relevant Interest Period 
ends] [Insert other time period for Index 
reporting] [Not Applicable] 
[37.] Commodity Linked Provisions 
[The following apply to Commodity 
Linked Notes where the Notes are 
linked to a single commodity or 
commodity future 
only 
and, 
if 
applicable, are to be completed for 
each 
commodity 
or 
commodity 
future: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Reference Item: 
 
 
 
 
Specified 
Commodity: 
[●] 
 
 
 
Commodity 
Reference Price: 
[●] 
[specify 
successor 
and 
fallback 
provisions]

--- Page 244 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 244 - 
47-41009328 
 
 
 
 
Price 
Source/Reference 
Dealers: 
[●] 
 
 
 
Currency: 
[●] 
 
 
 
Specified Price: 
[●] 
 
 
 
Delivery Dates: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Automatic Early Redemption: [Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
[If not applicable, delete the automatic early 
redemption provisions which follow] 
 
 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Date(s): 
[       ] [Not Applicable] [If Notes may be 
redeemed as a result of an Automatic Early 
Redemption Event during an Observation 
Period, then specify if redemption is not to 
take place five Business Days after the 
Automatic Early Redemption Event] 
 
 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Event: 
[        ] [specify] 
 
 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Price: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Rate: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation Date(s): 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Averaging Dates: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Pricing Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Strike Date: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Initial Reference Level: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Price Materiality Percentage: 
[●][Not Applicable]

--- Page 245 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 245 - 
47-41009328 
 
 
(viii) 
Exchange: 
[           ] 
 
(ix) 
Market Disruption Events: 
[Price Source Disruption] 
[Trading Disruption] 
[Disappearance of Commodity Reference 
Price] 
[[(except in relation to Bullion)] Material 
Change in Formula] 
[[(except in relation to Bullion)] Material 
Change in Content] 
[Tax Disruption] 
[Not Applicable] 
(delete as applicable) 
 
(x) 
Disruption Fallback: 
[[Fallback Reference Dealers] 
[Fallback Reference Price] 
[Postponement] 
[Calculation Agent Determination] 
[Delayed Publication or Announcement] 
(delete as applicable and place in preferred 
order) ] 
[In the following order: 
(a) 
Delayed Publication or Announcement 
and Postponement (each to operate 
concurrently with the other and each 
subject to a period of two consecutive 
Commodity Business Days or, in the 
case of Bullion, two consecutive 
Bullion Business Days (measured from 
and including the original day that 
would otherwise have been the Pricing 
Date); provided, however, that the price 
determined by Postponement shall be 
the Relevant Commodity Price only if 
Delayed Publication or Announcement 
does not yield a Relevant Commodity 
Price within those two consecutive

--- Page 246 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 246 - 
47-41009328 
 
Commodity Business Days or Bullion 
Business Days (as applicable)); and 
(b) 
Calculation Agent Determination.] 
 
(xi) 
Observation Date(s): 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Observation Period: 
[The period from and including the Issue 
Date, Strike Date or [●] to and including [●]] 
[Not Applicable] 
[37.] [The following apply to Commodity 
Linked Notes where the Notes are 
linked to a Basket of commodities 
and/or commodity futures only: 
 
 
(i) 
Reference Item: 
 
 
 
"Basket" means a basket 
composed of commodities 
and/or commodity futures in 
the 
relative 
proportions 
specified below: 
 
 
 
[Insert the following details in 
respect of each Component: 
 
 
 
 
Component 
[          ] 
 
 
 
Component Weight(s) [           ] 
 
 
 
Commodity 
Reference Price: 
[●] 
[specify 
successor 
and 
fallback 
provisions] 
 
 
 
Price 
Source/Reference 
Dealers: 
[       ] 
 
 
 
Currency: 
[       ] 
 
 
 
Specified Price: 
[       ] 
 
 
 
Delivery Dates: 
[       ] 
 
 
 
Exchange 
[       ]

--- Page 247 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 247 - 
47-41009328 
 
 
 
 
Price 
Materiality 
Percentage: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Automatic Early Redemption: [Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
[If not applicable, delete the automatic early 
redemption provisions which follow] 
 
 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Date(s): 
[       ] [Not Applicable] [If Notes may be 
redeemed as a result of an Automatic Early 
Redemption Event during an Observation 
Period, then specify if redemption is not to 
take place five Business Days after the 
Automatic Early Redemption Event] 
 
 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Event: 
[specify whether the Automatic Early 
Redemption Event is triggered by the Price of 
one or more Shares in the Basket; specify the 
applicable Share(s)] 
[greater than/ greater than or equal to/ less 
than/ less than or equal to] [complete as 
appropriate] 
 
 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Price(s): 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Rate: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation Date(s): 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Averaging Dates: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Pricing Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Strike Date: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Initial Reference Level: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Market Disruption Events: 
[Price Source Disruption] 
[Trading Disruption]

--- Page 248 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 248 - 
47-41009328 
 
[Disappearance of Commodity Reference 
Price] 
[[(except in relation to Bullion)] Material 
Change in 
Formula] 
[[(except in relation to Bullion)] Material 
Change in Content] 
[Tax Disruption] 
[Not Applicable] 
(delete as applicable) 
 
(viii) 
Disruption Fallback: 
[[Fallback Reference Dealers] 
[Fallback Reference Price] 
[Postponement] 
[Calculation Agent Determination] 
[Delayed Publication or Announcement] 
(delete as applicable and place in preferred 
order) ] 
[In the following order: 
(a) 
Delayed Publication or Announcement 
and Postponement (each to operate 
concurrently with the other and each 
subject to a period of two consecutive 
Commodity Business Days or, in the 
case 
of 
Bullion, 
[two][eight] 
consecutive Bullion Business Days 
(measured from and including the 
original day that would otherwise have 
been the Pricing Date); provided, 
however, that the price determined by 
Postponement shall be the Relevant 
Commodity Price only if Delayed 
Publication or Announcement does not 
yield a Relevant Commodity Price 
within 
those 
two 
consecutive 
Commodity Business Days or Bullion 
Business Days (as applicable)); and

--- Page 249 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 249 - 
47-41009328 
 
(b) 
Calculation Agent Determination.] 
 
(ix) 
Observation Date(s): 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Observation Period: 
[The period from and including the Issue 
Date, Strike Date or [●] to and including [●]] 
[Not Applicable] 
[37.] Debt Linked Notes Provisions 
[The following apply to Debt Linked 
Notes where the Notes are linked to a 
single debt instrument only and, if 
applicable, are to be completed for 
each single debt instrument: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Reference Item: 
[           ] 
 
 
 
Debt Issuer: 
[           ] 
 
 
 
Debt Instruments: 
[name and short description of type of Debt 
Instruments] issued by the Debt Issuer (ISIN: 
[●]). 
 
(ii) 
[Automatic 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/ 
Not 
Applicable] 
[If 
not 
applicable, delete the automatic early 
redemption provisions which follow] 
 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Date(s): 
[       ] [Not Applicable] [If Notes may be 
redeemed as a result of an Automatic Early 
Redemption Event during an Observation 
Period, then specify if redemption is not to 
take place five Business Days after the 
Automatic Early Redemption Event] 
 
 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Event: 
[greater than/greater than or equal to/less 
than/less than or equal to/[*]] 
 
 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Price: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Rate: 
[       ] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 250 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 250 - 
47-41009328 
 
 
 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Valuation 
Date(s): 
[       ] [Not Applicable]] 
 
(iii) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Averaging Dates: 
[     ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day: 
[a day on which (i) commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in [●] [and (ii) the 
TARGET System is open]. 
 
(v) 
Price Source: 
[specify] 
 
 
 
Exchange 
[       ] [Single debt instrument must be traded 
on 
a 
regulated, 
regularly 
operating, 
recognised open market] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Valuation Date: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) Initial Reference Level: 
[       ] [(if level not determined by reference 
to Final Bid Price on the Strike Date)] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(viii) Strike Date: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Valuation Time: 
[       ] 
[37.] [The following apply to Debt Linked 
Notes where the Notes are linked to a 
Basket of Debt Instruments only: 
 
 
(i) 
Reference Item: 
[           ] 
 
 
 
Debt Issuer: 
[           ] 
 
 
 
Shares: 
"Basket" means a basket composed of Debt 
Instruments in the relative proportions 
specified below: 
[Insert details of: 
 
Debt Issuer

--- Page 251 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 251 - 
47-41009328 
 
 
Name and short description of type of 
shares 
 
Component Weights 
 
ISIN number 
 
(ii) 
Automatic Early Redemption: [Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
[If 
not 
applicable, delete the automatic early 
redemption provisions which follow] 
 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Date(s): 
[       ] [Not Applicable] [If Notes may be 
redeemed as a result of an Automatic Early 
Redemption Event during an Observation 
Period, then specify if redemption is not to 
take place five Business Days after the 
Automatic Early Redemption Event] 
 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Event: 
[specify whether the Automatic Early 
Redemption Event is triggered by the Price of 
one or more Shares in the Basket; specify the 
applicable Share(s)] 
[greater than/ greater than or equal to/ less 
than/ less than or equal to] [complete as 
appropriate] 
 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Price(s): 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Rate: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Valuation 
Date(s):] 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Averaging Dates: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day: 
[A day on which (i) commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign

--- Page 252 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 252 - 
47-41009328 
 
currency deposits) in [●] [and (ii) the 
TARGET system is open]. 
 
(v) 
Price Source: 
[specify] 
 
 
 
Exchange 
[       ] [Single debt instrument must be traded 
on 
a 
regulated, 
regularly 
operating, 
recognised open market] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Valuation Date: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) Initial Reference Level: 
[      ] [(if level not determined by reference to 
Final Bid Price on the Strike Date)] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(viii) Strike Date: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Valuation Time: 
[       ] 
[37.] Interest 
Rate 
Linked 
Notes 
Provisions: 
[The following apply to Interest Rate 
Linked Notes only and, if applicable, 
are to be completed for each interest 
rate: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Reference Item: 
 
 
 
 
Underlying Reference 
Rate: 
[specify] 
(Either 
LIBOR, 
EURIBOR 
or 
other)[Constant 
Maturity 
BTP 
Rate][Constant 
Maturity 
Bund 
Rate][CMS][Specific 
Security 
Yield 
Determination] [specify] 
 
 
 
Underlying Margin: 
[Plus] [Minus] [specify] 
 
(ii) 
Underlying 
Interest 
Determination Date(s): 
[           ] [The Valuation Date] [Each 
Averaging Date] 
 
(iii) 
Manner 
in 
which 
the 
Underlying Reference Rate is 
to be determined 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination] 
[Specific 
Security 
Yield 
Determination] 
[ISDA 
Determination]

--- Page 253 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 253 - 
47-41009328 
 
 
(iv) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[If 
not 
applicable, delete the provisions which 
follow] 
 
 
 
Relevant Time: 
[specify] 
(which will be 11:00 am, London time, in the 
case of LIBOR, or 11:00 am, Brussels time, 
in the case of EURIBOR) 
 
 
 
Relevant Screen Page: [specify] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows 
a composite rate or amend the fallback 
provisions appropriately) 
(In the case of Constant Maturity BTP Rate, 
specify relevant screen page[, which is 
expected to be Bloomberg page GBTPGRN 
Index, where N is the Designated Maturity,] 
and any applicable headings and captions) 
 
 
 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[specify] 
 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Relevant Currency: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Rate Multiplier: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Specified Time: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Constant 
Maturity 
Bund Reference Bank: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Specific Security Yield 
Determination: 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[If 
not 
applicable, delete the provisions which 
follow] 
 
 
 
Reference Item: 
[name and short description of type of debt 
security] issued by [●] (ISIN: [●]) 
 
 
 
Relevant Screen Page: [●] 
 
 
 
Specified Time: 
[●]

--- Page 254 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 254 - 
47-41009328 
 
 
 
 
Other provisions: 
[The Underlying Reference Rate will be 
determined [as the gross yield before taxes] 
/[●] of the debt security.] 
[If on any Underlying Interest Determination 
Date the Relevant Screen Page (or such 
replacement page on that service which 
displays the information) is not available, the 
Underlying 
Reference 
Rate 
for 
such 
Underlying Interest Determination Date shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent, 
acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, [ as the gross yield before 
taxes]/[●], 
based 
on 
[the 
mid-market 
price]/[●] for that debt security.] 
 
(vi) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[If 
not 
applicable, delete the provisions which 
follow] 
 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[specify] 
 
 
 
Designed Maturity: 
[specify] 
 
 
 
Reset Date: 
[specify] 
 
(vii) [Automatic 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[If 
not 
applicable, delete the automatic early 
redemption provisions which follow] 
 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Date(s): 
[       ] [Not Applicable] [If Notes may be 
redeemed as a result of an Automatic Early 
Redemption Event during an Observation 
Period, then specify if redemption is not to 
take place five Business Days after the 
Automatic Early Redemption Event] 
 
 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Event: 
[greater than/greater than or equal to/less 
than/less than or equal to/[*]] 
 
 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Price: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Rate: 
[       ] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 255 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 255 - 
47-41009328 
 
 
 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Valuation 
Date(s): 
[       ] [Not Applicable]] 
 
(viii) Averaging: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Averaging Dates: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Business Day: 
[A day on which (i) commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in [●] [and (ii) the 
TARGET System is open]. 
 
(x) 
Valuation Date: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Initial Reference Level: 
[       (if level not determined by reference to 
Strike Date)] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) Strike Date: 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) Valuation Time: 
[       ] 
[37.] FX Linked Notes Provisions 
[The following apply to FX Linked 
Notes only and, if applicable, are to 
be completed for each reference item: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Reference Item: 
 
 
 
 
Base Currency/Subject 
Currency: 
[●] 
 
 
 
Currency Price: 
[●] [As specified in the FX Linked 
Conditions] 
 
(ii) 
Initial Reference Price: 
[        ] 
 
(iii) 
Settlement Rate Option: 
FX and Currency Option Determination: 
[[Interest] [Principal] [insert the relevant 
terms from 4.5/4.6 of Annex A of the FX and 
Currency Option Definitions]] / [Calculation 
Agent Determination of Settlement Rate] / 
[Issuer Discretion] / [Reference Dealer Poll]

--- Page 256 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 256 - 
47-41009328 
 
 
(iv) 
FX 
Market 
Disruption 
Event(s): 
 
 
 
 
Inconvertibility Event: [Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Price 
Materiality 
Event: 
[Applicable. Price Materiality Percentage: 
[●]] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Non-Transferability 
Event: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Disruption Fallbacks: 
(Specify the applicable Disruption Fallbacks 
in the order that they will apply) 
[Calculation Agent Determination] 
[Currency-Reference 
Dealers 
Reference 
Dealers: [four] ([*])] 
[EM Fallback Valuation Postponement] 
[EM Valuation Postponement] 
[Fallback Reference Price 
Fallback Reference Price: [●]] 
[Other Published Sources] 
[Postponement 
Maximum Days of Postponement: [5] 
 
(vi) 
FX Price Source(s): 
[●] 
 
(vii) Specified Financial Centre(s): [●] 
 
(viii) Averaging: 
[Applicable. The Averaging Dates are [●]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(x) 
Valuation Time: 
[●] 
 
(xi) 
Weighting: 
[Not Applicable] [The weighting to be 
applied to each item comprising the Basket to 
ascertain the Currency Price is [●]] (N.B. 
Only applicable in relation to FX Linked 
Notes relating to a Basket)

--- Page 257 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 257 - 
47-41009328 
 
 
(xii) EM Currency Provisions: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Unscheduled Holiday: [Applicable. Maximum Days of Deferral: 
[●]] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
EM 
Valuation 
Postponement: 
[Applicable. 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
EM 
Valuation 
Postponement: 
[●]] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
 
EM 
Fallback 
Valuation 
Postponement: 
[Applicable. Fallback Maximum Period of 
Postponement: [As specified in the FX 
Linked Conditions] [Not Applicable]] 
 
 
 
Cumulative Events: 
[Applicable. Maximum Days of Cumulative 
Postponement: [●] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) Successor Currency: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] [Issue Date 
 
(xiv) Rebasing: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xv) Additional Disruption Events: [Not Applicable] [The following Additional 
Disruption Events apply to the Notes: 
[Change in Law] 
[Hedging Disruption] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging]] 
[37.] Dual Currency Notes Provisions 
[Applicable in respect of payments of 
[interest] [and] [principal]] / [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[The Dual Currency Note Conditions for 
Physical Delivery Notes shall apply.] 
 
(i) 
Calculation Agent: 
[     ] 
 
(ii) 
Payment Currency: 
[[Interest [   ] [and] [principal [  ]]] 
 
(iii) 
Successor Currency: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Reference 
Exchange 
Rate/method of calculating the 
Reference Exchange Rate: 
[●] [As specified in the Dual Currency 
Conditions] 
 
(v) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[     ]

--- Page 258 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 258 - 
47-41009328 
 
 
(v) 
Rate Calculation Date: 
[    ]/[As per Conditions] 
 
 
 
Number 
of 
Rate 
Calculation Business: 
[    ]/[As per Conditions] 
 
 
 
Rate 
Calculation 
Business Days: 
[    ]/[As per Conditions] 
 
 
 
Rate 
Calculation 
Business Centre(s): 
[    ]/[As per Conditions] 
 
(vi) 
Valuation Time: 
[    ]/[As per Conditions] 
 
(vii) EM Currency Provisions: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Unscheduled Holidays: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Unscheduled Holidays 
Postponement: 
[    ] 
 
(x) 
Cumulative Events: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Cumulative 
Postponements: 
[     ] 
 
(xi) 
FX 
Market 
Disruption 
Event(s): 
Currency Disruption Event: [Applicable] / 
[Not Applicable] / [Calculation Agent 
Determination] 
 
(xii) Disruption Fallback: 
[Calculation Agent Determination] 
[Currency Reference Dealers] 
[EM Fallback Valuation Postponement] 
[Maximum Days of EM Fallback Valuation 
Postponement: [        ]] 
[EM Valuation Postponement] 
[Maximum 
Days 
of 
EM 
Valuation 
Postponement:[      ]] 
[Fallback Reference Price [specify also 
alternate FX Price Source(s)]] 
[Other published Sources]

--- Page 259 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 259 - 
47-41009328 
 
[Postponement] 
[Maximum Days of Postponement: [       ]] 
(More than one Disruption Fallback may 
apply if so must be specified in the order in 
which they apply) 
 
(xiii) FX Price Source(s): 
[     ] 
 
(xiv) Number of reference Dealers: 
[     ] 
 
(xv) Price Materiality Percentage: 
[     ] 
 
(xvi) Specified Financial Centre(s): [    ] 
[37.] Physical Delivery Notes Provisions 
[The following apply to Physical 
Delivery Notes only: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
[The Physical Delivery Note Conditions for 
Physical Delivery Notes shall apply.] 
 
(i) 
Relevant Asset(s): 
[     ] 
 
(ii) 
Entitlement: 
[     ] 
 
(iii) 
Cut-Off Date: 
[     ] [Insert such date prior to the Maturity 
Date to allow for the delivery of the type of 
assets which comprises the Entitlement] 
 
(iv) 
Guaranteed Cash Settlement 
Amount: 
[As specified in Base Condition 2][     ] 
 
(v) 
Failure to Deliver due to 
Illiquidity: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Delivery 
provisions 
for 
Entitlement (if different from 
Physical 
Delivery 
Note 
Conditions): 
[     ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) Settlement Business Day: 
[     ] 
 
(viii) Issuer's 
option 
to 
vary 
Settlement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 260 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 260 - 
47-41009328 
 
RESPONSIBILITY [AND THIRD PARTY INFORMATION] 
[The Issuer [and the Guarantor] accept(s) responsibility for the information contained in these 
Final Terms.] [The information contained in these Final Terms [[      ] has been extracted from 
[      ]. [Each of the] [The] Issuer [and the Guarantor] confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information 
published by [      ], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading.]. 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By:………………………………. 
By: …………………………… 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised 
 
[Signed on behalf of the Guarantor: 
By:………………………………. 
By: ……………………………. 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised]

--- Page 261 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 261 - 
47-41009328 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
APPLICATION AND ADMISSION 
TO TRADING4: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Official List of Euronext Dublin /Borsa 
Italiana/Luxembourg Stock Exchange/Nasdaq 
Stockholm AB/Nasdaq Helsinki Oy/Euronext 
Paris SA/ None] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading 
on [the Euronext Dublin] [the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange] [Borsa Italiana] [Nasdaq 
Stockholm 
AB] 
[Nasdaq 
Helsinki 
Oy] 
[Euronext Paris SA] with effect from [    ] 
[Application is expected to be made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [the Euronext Dublin] 
[the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] [Borsa 
Italiana] [Nasdaq Stockholm AB] [Nasdaq 
Helsinki Oy] [Euronext Paris SA] with effect 
from [     ].] [Not applicable] 
 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already 
admitted to trading.) 
 
[(iii) [Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
[      ]  [Not Applicable] 
2. 
RATINGS 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are 
expected to be]] rated [insert details] by [insert 
the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency entity(ies)]. 
[Depending on the status of the credit rating 
agency with respect to the CRA Regulation, the 
wording below should be considered.] 
 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant credit 
rating agency entity] is established in the 
European 
Union 
and 
registered 
under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended). 
As such [insert the legal name of the relevant 
credit rating agency entity] is included in the list 
of credit rating agencies published by the 
 
4  
Include only where listing of Notes is anticipated.

--- Page 262 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 262 - 
47-41009328 
 
European Securities and Markets Authority on 
its website in accordance with such Regulation 
– 
see 
www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs.] 
 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU 
credit rating agency entity] is not established in 
the European Union and it is not registered in 
accordance 
with 
Regulation 
(EC) 
No. 
1060/2009 (as amended). [Insert the legal name 
of the relevant non-EU credit rating agency 
entity] is therefore not included in the list of 
credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on 
its website in accordance with such Regulation.] 
 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU 
credit rating agency entity] is not established in 
the European Union and has not applied for 
registration 
under 
Regulation 
(EC) 
No. 
1060/2009 
(as 
amended) 
(the 
"CRA 
Regulation"). The ratings [[have been]/[are 
expected to be]] endorsed by [insert the legal 
name of the relevant EU-registered credit rating 
agency entity] in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation. [Insert the legal name of the 
relevant EU-registered credit rating agency 
entity] is established in the European Union and 
registered under the CRA Regulation. As such 
[insert the legal name of the relevant EU credit 
rating agency entity] is included in the list of 
credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on 
its website in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation 
– 
see 
www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-
certified-CRAs.] 
 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU 
credit rating agency entity] is not established in 
the European Union and has not applied for 
registration 
under 
Regulation 
(EC) 
No. 
1060/2009 
(as 
amended) 
(the 
"CRA 
Regulation"), but it [is]/[has applied to be] 
certified in accordance with such Regulation 
[and it is included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority on its website in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation – see 
www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-
certified-CRAs]/[although notification of the

--- Page 263 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 263 - 
47-41009328 
 
corresponding certification decision has not yet 
been provided by the relevant competent 
authority and [insert the legal name of the 
relevant non-EU credit rating agency entity] is 
not included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority on its website in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation].] 
 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant credit 
rating agency entity] is established in the 
European Union and has applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
amended), 
although 
notification 
of 
the 
corresponding registration decision has not yet 
been provided by the relevant competent 
authority and [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity] is not 
included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority on its website in accordance 
with such Regulation.]] 
 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU 
credit rating agency entity] is not established in 
the European Union and has not applied for 
registration 
under 
Regulation 
(EC) 
No. 
1060/2009 
(as 
amended) 
(the 
"CRA 
Regulation"). However, the application for 
registration under the CRA Regulation of [insert 
the legal name of the relevant EU credit rating 
agency entity that applied for registration], 
which is established in the European Union, 
disclosed the intention to endorse credit ratings 
of [insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU 
credit 
rating 
agency 
entity][, 
although 
notification of the corresponding registration 
decision has not yet been provided by the 
relevant competent authority and [insert the 
legal name of the relevant EU credit rating 
agency entity] is not included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
in accordance with the CRA Regulation].] 
3. 
NOTIFICATION 
 
[Not applicable.] / [The CBI [has been requested to provide/has provided – include first 
alternative for an issue which is contemporaneous with the establishment or update of the 
Programme and the second alternative for subsequent issues] the [names of competent 
authorities of host Member States] with a certificate of approval attesting that the Base

--- Page 264 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 264 - 
47-41009328 
 
Prospectus [and the supplement thereto dated [  ]] has been drawn up in accordance with 
the Prospectus Regulation.] 
4. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER 
 
[Not applicable] [[Save for the fees payable to the managers], as far as the Issuer is 
aware, no person involved in the [issue/offer] of the Notes has an interest material to the 
issue/offer.] [Amend as appropriate if there are other interests]. 
5. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL 
EXPENSES 
 
[(i) 
Reasons for the offer 
[Not Applicable] [      ] (See ["Use of Proceeds"] 
wording in Prospectus – if reasons for offer 
different from making profit and/or hedging 
certain risks will need to include those reasons 
here.)] 
 
[(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[Not applicable] [      ] 
 
 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use 
will need to split out and present in order of 
priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund all 
proposed uses state amount and sources of other 
funding.)] * 
 
(iii) 
Estimated total expenses: 
[Not applicable] [      ] 
[Include breakdown of expenses.] 
6. 
YIELD 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[      ] 
7. 
HISTORIC INTEREST 
RATES[Floating Rate only] 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
Details of historic [EURIBOR/LIBOR/LIBID/LIMEAN/Constant Maturity BTP 
Rate/CMS/] rates can be obtained from [Reuters][    ].] (specify for each Interest Period(s)) 
 
[Benchmarks: 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be 
calculated 
by 
reference 
to 
[EURIBOR/LIBOR/LIBID/LIMEAN/Constant 
Maturity BTP Rate/CMS/][In respect of Notes 
that 
are 
derivative 
securities, 
specify 
benchmark] 
rate 
which 
is 
provided 
by

--- Page 265 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 265 - 
47-41009328 
 
[administrator 
legal 
name][repeat 
as 
necessary]. As at the date hereof, [administrator 
legal name] [appears/does not appear] [repeat as 
necessary] on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority 
pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011) 
(the "Benchmarks Regulation"). [As far as the 
Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, 
such that [administrator legal name] is not 
currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration. [repeat as necessary]]] 
[8.] 
INFORMATION RELATING TO 
THE UNDERLYING 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(specify the following information for each Reference Item) 
[Information on the past and future performance of [the Reference Item] [Reference Item 
1] [Reference Item 2] [the Components comprising the Basket] and [its] [their] volatility 
can be obtained by electronic means and [not] free of charge [on the public website on www. 
[  ] [ ] [and on the [Bloomberg] or [Reuters] page. [NB ensure such page is given there]] 
 
[In case of Credit Linked Notes, insert: 
[Where the Reference Entity or the Reference Obligation is a single entity or is a single 
obligation, or in the case of a basket of Reference Entities or Reference Obligations where 
a single reference entity or single obligation represents 20% or more of the basket: 
[If the Reference Entity (or obligor in respect of the Reference Obligation) has no securities 
admitted to trading on a regulated market, equivalent third country market or SME Growth 
Market, so far as the Issuer is aware and/or able to ascertain from information published 
by the Reference Entity (or by the obligor in respect of the Reference Obligation), 
supplement or drawdown prospectus will include information relating to the Reference 
Entity (or to the obligor in respect of the Reference Obligation) as if it were the issuer (in 
accordance with the registration document for wholesale non-equity securities)] 
[If the Reference Entity (or the obligor in respect of the Reference Obligation) has securities 
already admitted to trading on a regulated market, equivalent third country market or SME 
Growth Market, so far as the Issuer is aware and/or able to ascertain from information 
published by the Reference Entity (or by the obligor in respect of the Reference Obligation), 
its name, ISIN, address, country of incorporation, industry or industries in which the 
Reference Entity (or the obligor in respect of the Reference Obligation) operates and the 
name of the market in which its securities are admitted]]

--- Page 266 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 266 - 
47-41009328 
 
[In the case of a basket of Reference Entities or Reference Obligations, where a single 
reference entity or reference obligation represents less than 20 % of the basket: 
Name(s) of [the Reference Entities] [the obligors in respect of the Reference Obligations]:  
ISIN:]] 
 
[If the underlying is an index or basket of indices, insert: 
The sponsor of the, or each, index composing the Reference Item also maintains an Internet 
Site at the following address where further information may be available in respect of the 
Reference Item. 
Name of Index Sponsor Website 
[Insert relevant disclaimer for each index:]] 
[9.] 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
ISIN: 
[      ] 
 
 
Common Code: 
[      ] 
 
 
New Global Note intended to be 
held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper.][include this text for registered 
notes] and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem, either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.] / 
 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" 
at the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in 
the future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper 
[(and registered in the name of a nominee of one 
of 
the 
ICSDs 
acting 
as 
common 
safekeeper.][include this text for registered 
notes]. Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at 
any time during their life. Such recognition will

--- Page 267 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 267 - 
47-41009328 
 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]] 
 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[      ][Not Applicable] 
10. 
SECONDARY MARKET PRICING 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
In the event that the Issuer decides to purchase 
the Not s from the Noteholder prior to the 
Maturity Date, the secondary market pricing 
provided by the Issuer on the Notes will reflect 
[     ] (give details of hedge unwinding costs 
and/or missing profit of the hedging portfolio) 
11. 
SPECIFIC 
BUY 
BACK 
PROVISIONS 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
[The value of the Notes shall reflect and shall be 
calculated on the basis of the Market Value of 
the Underlying Transactions. 
The 
Market 
Value 
of 
the 
Underlying 
Transactions affects the repurchase price (Buy 
Back Price), if any, of the Notes, before their 
maturity.] 
 
Underlying Transactions: 
Information on the composition (unbundling) of 
the Interest Basis, in particular the Extra-Yield 
with respect to the yield of Notes with equal 
payoff but without Specific Buy Back 
Provisions, and the composition of the 
Underlying Transactions, and any relevant 
changes thereof, shall be published on [the 
website of Mediobanca www.mediobanca.it] 
[the website of Mediobanca International 
www.mediobancaint.lu] [the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange] [the website of

--- Page 268 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 268 - 
47-41009328 
 
the Euronext Dublin] [specify alternative 
method of publication]].] 
12. 
DISTRIBUTION * 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
and 
addresses 
of 
Managers 
and 
underwriting commitments: 
[Not Applicable/give names and addresses and 
underwriting commitments] 
 
 
 
(Include names and addresses of entities 
agreeing to underwrite the issue on a firm 
commitment basis and names and addresses of 
the entities agreeing to place the issue without a 
firm commitment or on a "best efforts" basis if 
such entities are not the same as the Managers.) 
 
[(ii) 
[Date 
of 
[Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[Not Applicable / [      ]] 
 
(ii[i]) Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
 
US Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category; TEFRA C/ 
TEFRA D/ TEFRA not applicable] 
 
 
Non-exempt offer: 
[Not Applicable] [An offer of the Notes may be 
made by the Managers and [specify if 
applicable] other than pursuant to Article 1(4) 
of the Prospectus Regulation in [specify relevant 
Member State(s) which must be jurisdictions 
where the Prospectus and any supplements have 
been 
passported] 
("Public 
Offer 
Jurisdictions") during the period from [specify 
date] until [specify date] ("Offer Period"). See 
further Paragraph 11 (Terms and Conditions of 
the Offer) of Part B below. 
13. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA 
RETAIL INVESTORS 
 
 
Prohibitions of sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products, "Not Applicable" should 
be specified. If the Notes may constitute 
"packaged" products and no KID will be 
 
* 
Delete if the Notes are issued in denominations of Euro 100,000 or more.

--- Page 269 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 269 - 
47-41009328 
 
prepared in the EEA, "Applicable" should be 
specified.) 
14. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK 
RETAIL INVESTORS: 
 
 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products, "Not Applicable" should 
be specified. If the Notes may constitute 
"packaged" products and no KID will be 
prepared in the UK, "Applicable" should be 
specified.) 
15. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF 
THE OFFER* 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Offer Period: 
[      ] to [      ] 
 
Offer Amount: 
[      ] [provided that, during the Offer Period, 
the 
Issuer 
will 
be 
entitled 
[(following 
consultation with the relevant Dealer(s))] to 
increase such Offer amount up to [   ]] [provided 
[further] that, during the Offer Period the Issuer 
will be entitled [(following consultation with the 
relevant Dealer(s))] to extend the length of the 
Offer Period]. The Issuer [and the relevant 
Dealer(s)] shall forthwith give notice of any 
such [increase] [and/or] [extension] pursuant to 
Base Condition 12 (Notices) of the Base Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes and comply with 
any applicable laws and regulations.] 
 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price][specify] 
 
Conditions to which the offer is subject: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Description of the application process: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions and manner for refunding 
excess amount paid by applicants: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum 
amount of application: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
* 
Delete if the Notes are issued in denominations of Euro 100,000 or more.

--- Page 270 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 270 - 
47-41009328 
 
 
Details of the method and time limits for 
paying up and delivering the Notes: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Manner in and date on which results of 
the offer are to be made public: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Procedure for exercise of any right of 
pre-emption, 
negotiability 
of 
subscription rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Process for notification to applicants of 
the amount allotted and the indication 
whether dealing may begin before 
notification is made: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically charged to the subscriber or 
purchaser: 
[Not Applicable/give details]  
(Where the Issuer is subject to Regulation (EU) 
No. 1286/2014 or Directive 2014/65/EU and to 
the extent that they are known, include those 
expenses contained in the price) 
 
Name(s) and address(es), to the extent 
known to the Issuer, of the placers in the 
various countries where the offer takes 
place: 
[None/give details] 
16. 
CONSENT 
TO 
THE 
USE 
OF 
PROSPECTUS 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Consent to use of Base Prospectus: 
[The Issuer consents to the use of the Base 
Prospectus in [Italy] [and] [or] [Ireland] [and] 
[or] [Grand Duchy of Luxembourg] by all 
financial intermediaries (general consent).] 
[General consent for the subsequent resale or 
final placement of the Notes in [Italy] [and] [or] 
[Ireland] 
[and] 
[or] 
[Grand 
Duchy 
of 
Luxembourg] 
by 
the 
financial 
intermediary[y][ies] is given in relation to [].] 
[The Issuer consents to the use of the Base 
Prospectus in [Italy] [and] [or] [Ireland] [and] 
[or] [Grand Duchy of Luxembourg] by the 
following 
financial 
intermediary[y][ies] 
(individual consent): [insert names] and 
address[es]].]

--- Page 271 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 271 - 
47-41009328 
 
[Individual consent for the subsequent resale or 
final placement of the Notes in [Italy] [and] [or] 
[Ireland] 
[and] 
[or] 
[Grand 
Duchy 
of 
Luxembourg] 
by 
the 
financial 
intermediary[y][ies] is given in relation to [] to 
[insert names] and address[es]] and [give 
details]. 
[The Issuer[s]'s consent to the use of the Base 
Prospectus by each [Dealer] [and] [financial 
intermediary] is subject to the condition that 
such [Dealer] [and] [financial intermediary] 
complies with the applicable selling restrictions 
as well as the terms and conditions of the offer.] 
[Such Issuer[s]'s consent to the use of the Base 
Prospectus is also subject and given under 
condition that the [Dealers] [and] [financial 
intermediaries] using the Base Prospectus 
commit[s] [themself] [itself] towards [their] 
[its] customers to a responsible distribution of 
the Notes. This commitment is made by the 
publication of the [Dealers] [and] [financial 
intermediaries] on [their] [its] website stating 
that the prospectus is used with the consent of 
the Issuer and subject to the conditions set forth 
with the consent].] [Beside, such consent is not 
subject to and given under any condition.] 
[The subsequent resale or final placement of the 
Notes in [Italy] [and] [or] [Ireland] [and] [or] 
[Grand Duchy of Luxembourg] by financial 
intermediaries can be made [as long as the Base 
Prospectus is valid in accordance with article 12 
of the Prospectus Regulation] [   ].]

--- Page 272 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 272 - 
47-41009328 
 
PART C – OTHER APPLICABLE TERMS 
[Insert other relevant information and provisions in accordance with Annex 28 of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, such as (i) additional provisions, not required by the 
relevant securities notes, relating to the underlying country(ies) where the offer(s) to the public 
takes place, (ii) country(ies) where admission to trading on the regulated market(s) is being 
sought, (iii) country(ies) into which the relevant base prospectus has been notified, (iv) series 
number, (v) tranche number. Delete if not required]

--- Page 273 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 273 - 
47-41009328 
 
PART D – SUMMARY OF THE SPECIFIC ISSUE 
[Insert Summary of the specific issue]

--- Page 274 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 274 - 
47-41009328 
 
CHAPTER 3 – SHARE LINKED NOTES 
PART (A) – SPECIFIC TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF NOTES LINKED TO A 
SINGLE SHARE 
The following terms and conditions apply to Notes linked to a single share issued by the Issuer 
and comprise the Terms and Conditions set out in Chapter 2 (the "Base Conditions"), the 
specific terms and conditions set out below (the "Single Share Linked Conditions"), any of 
the specific terms and conditions set out in Chapters 4, 5, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11 and 12 (if applicable 
and so specified in the relevant Final Terms) and the specific terms and conditions for Physical 
Delivery Notes set out in Chapter 13 (if applicable), in each case subject to completion in the 
applicable Final Terms. The Final Terms shall comprise the general form of Final Terms set 
out in Part 2 of Chapter 2 completed to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Notes and 
their issue. In the event of any inconsistency between the Base Conditions and the Single Share 
Linked Conditions, the Single Share Linked Conditions set out below shall prevail. In the event 
of any inconsistency between (i) the Base Conditions and/or the Single Share Linked 
Conditions and (ii) the Final Terms, the Final Terms shall prevail. 
1. 
FINAL REDEMPTION 
Subject to any applicable automatic redemption and/or early redemption and/or put 
options and/or call options set forth in the Final Terms not having occurred prior to any 
applicable date specified therein, for the purposes of Base Condition 4(b) of the Base 
Conditions the Final Redemption Amount payable per Note on the Maturity Date shall 
be an amount in the Relevant Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the applicable Final Redemption Formula specified in the Final Terms, 
for which purposes: 
"Final Valuation Date" means: 
(a) 
if Averaging is not specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Expiration Date; or 
(b) 
if Averaging is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, each 
of the Averaging Dates; 
"Initial Valuation Date" means the Strike Date; 
"Settlement Price" means the Final Share Price. 
2. 
INTEREST 
Subject to any applicable automatic redemption and/or early redemption and/or put 
options and/or call options set forth in the Final Terms not having occurred prior to any 
applicable date specified therein, for the purposes of Base Condition 3(f) of the Base 
Conditions, the Interest Amount payable per Note on the relevant Interest Payment Date 
shall be an amount in the Relevant Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the applicable Structured Rate Formula specified in the Final Terms, 
for which purposes:

--- Page 275 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 275 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Final Interest Valuation Date" means: 
(a) 
if Averaging is not specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Final Interest Valuation Date specified in the Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if Averaging is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, each 
of the Interest Averaging Dates. 
"Interest Settlement Price" means the Final Share Price. 
3. 
DEFINITIONS 
For the purposes of the terms and conditions of the Notes, the following terms shall 
have the meanings set out below: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means Change in Law, Hedging Disruption and/or 
Insolvency Filing. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means, if "Automatic Early Redemption" is 
specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, (a) an amount specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount is specified, (b) an amount per Specified 
Denomination equal to the product of (i) the Specified Denomination and (ii) the 
relevant Automatic Early Redemption Rate. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date(s)" means, if "Automatic Early Redemption" is 
specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, each of the date(s) specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms, subject in each case to adjustment in accordance with 
Base Condition 4(i) of the Base Conditions. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" means, if "Automatic Early Redemption" is 
specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, (unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) that the Price per Share is, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less 
than or equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption Price. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Price" means, if "Automatic Early Redemption" is 
specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the Price per Share specified as such 
or otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Rate" means, in respect of any Automatic Early 
Redemption Date and if "Automatic Early Redemption" is specified as being applicable 
in the Final Terms, the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date(s)" means, if "Automatic Early 
Redemption" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, each of the date(s) 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if any such Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day, in each case subject to adjustment in accordance with Base 
Condition 4(i) of the Base Conditions.

--- Page 276 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 276 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Averaging Dates" means each of the dates set forth in the Final Terms, if any, or if 
any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading 
Day, in each case subject to Base Condition 4(i) of the Base Conditions. 
"Calculation Date" means the Strike Date, the Expiration Date, any Averaging Date, 
any Final Interest Valuation Date, any Interest Averaging Date, any Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, any Observation Date, any Structured Barrier Observation 
Date, any Interest Barrier Observation Date or any Redemption Barrier Observation 
Date or any other date on which a value of a Share is required to be calculated, as the 
case may be. 
"Change in Law" means that on or after the Issue Date (or as otherwise set forth in the 
Final Terms) (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law, regulation, 
rule, order, ruling or procedure (including, without limitation, any tax law and any 
regulation, rule, order, ruling or procedure of any applicable regulatory authority, tax 
authority and/or any exchange) or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the 
interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction 
(including, without limitation, any relevant exchange or trading facility) of any 
applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the 
Issuer determines that: 
(X) 
it has (or it expects that it will) become illegal for the Issuer, the Guarantor or 
any of its affiliates to (i) hold, acquire or dispose of the Shares or to enter into 
transactions on or relating to the Shares or (ii) perform its obligations under the 
Notes; or 
(Y) 
the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of its affiliates would (or would expect to) incur 
a materially increased cost in (i) holding, acquiring or disposing of the Shares, 
(ii) maintaining, entering into or unwinding any Hedging Arrangement, and/or 
(iii) performing its obligations under the Notes (including, without limitation, 
due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect 
on its tax position). 
"De-listing" means that the Exchange announces that pursuant to its rules the Shares 
have ceased (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange for 
any reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender Offer) and such Shares are not 
immediately re-listed, re-traded or requoted on an exchange or quotation system located 
in the same country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within the European 
Union, in any member state of the European Union) and such Shares are no longer listed 
on an Exchange acceptable to the Issuer. 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) the Exchange fails 
to open for trading during its regular trading session, (ii) any Related Exchange fails to 
open for trading during its regular trading session or (iii) on which a Market Disruption 
Event has occurred. 
"Early Closure" means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the Exchange or 
any Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing 
time is announced by the Exchange or such Related Exchange at least one hour prior to 
the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on the Exchange 
or such Related Exchange on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) the submission

--- Page 277 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 277 - 
47-41009328 
 
deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for 
execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
"Exchange" means the Exchange specified in the Final Terms or otherwise the stock 
exchange on which the Shares are, in the determination of the Issuer, traded or quoted 
or any successor to such Exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or 
quotation system to which trading in the Shares has temporarily been relocated 
(provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity 
relative to such Shares on such successor or substitute exchange or quotation system as 
on the original Exchange). 
"Exchange Business Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Exchange 
and each Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading 
sessions, notwithstanding the Exchange or any such Related Exchange closing prior to 
its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Disruption" means, in respect of the Shares, any event (other than an Early 
Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability 
of market participants in general (i) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values 
for, the Shares on the Exchange or (ii) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values 
for, futures or options contracts relating to the Shares on any Related Exchange. 
"Expiration Date" means the date (if any) specified as such in the Final Terms, or if 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day, 
in each case subject to Base Condition 4(i) of the Base Conditions. 
"Extraordinary Dividend" means, in respect of the Shares, the characterisation of a 
dividend or portion thereof as an Extraordinary Dividend by the Issuer. 
"Final Share Price" means any of the following prices of one Share, in the Share 
Currency quoted on the Exchange (which must be a price reported in or by, or capable 
of being determined from information reported in or by, the relevant Price Source), as 
specified in the Final Terms (and, if applicable, as of the time so specified): (A) the 
high price; (B) the low price; (C) the average of the high price and the low price; (D) 
the closing price; (E) the opening price; (F) the bid price; (G) the asked price; (H) the 
average of the bid price and the asked price; (I) the settlement price; (J) the official 
settlement price; (K) the official price; (L) the morning fixing; (M) the afternoon fixing; 
(N) the spot price; or (O) any other price specified in the Final Terms, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
"Hedging Arrangement" means any hedging arrangements entered into by the Issuer, 
the Guarantor and/or its affiliates at any time with respect to the Notes, including 
without limitation, the entry into of any transaction(s) and/or the purchase and/or sale 
of the Shares or any other asset(s) to hedge the equity price risk of entering into and 
performing the obligations of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor under the Notes and any 
associated foreign exchange transactions. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or its affiliates is 
unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (A) hold, acquire, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of the Shares and/or any Hedging Arrangement,

--- Page 278 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 278 - 
47-41009328 
 
or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of the Shares and/or any Hedging 
Arrangement and/or (c) any other event specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Insolvency" means, in respect of the Share Issuer, that by reason of the voluntary or 
involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or winding-up of or any 
analogous proceeding affecting the Share Issuer, (A) all the Shares of the Share Issuer 
are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (B) 
holders of the Shares of the Share Issuer become legally prohibited from transferring 
them. 
"Insolvency Filing" means that the Calculation Agent determines that the Share Issuer 
has instituted or has had instituted against it by a regulator, supervisor or any similar 
official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the 
jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home 
office, or it consents to a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy 
or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting 
creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such 
regulator, supervisor or similar official or it consents to such a petition. 
"Interest Averaging Dates" means each of the dates set forth in the Final Terms, if 
any, or if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day, in each case subject to Base Condition 4(i) of the Base Conditions. 
"Market Disruption Event" means the occurrence or existence on any Scheduled 
Trading Day of (i) a Trading Disruption or (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which in either 
case the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one hour 
period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time or (iii) an Early Closure. 
"Merger Date" means, in respect of a Merger Event, the closing date of such Merger 
Event or, where the Calculation Agent determines that a closing date cannot be 
determined under the local law applicable to such Merger Event, such other date as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of the Shares, any (i) reclassification or change of 
the Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all of 
such Shares outstanding to another entity or person, (ii) consolidation, amalgamation, 
merger or binding share exchange of the Share Issuer with or into another entity or 
person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange in 
which the Share Issuer is the continuing entity and which does not result in a 
reclassification or change of all of such Shares outstanding), (iii) takeover offer, tender 
offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person to 
purchase or otherwise obtain 100% of the outstanding Shares of the Share Issuer that 
results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Shares (other 
than such Shares owned or controlled by the such other entity or person), or (iv) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Share Issuer or 
its subsidiaries with or into another entity in which the Share Issuer is the continuing 
entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such Shares 
outstanding but results in the outstanding Shares (other than Shares owned or controlled 
by such other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 
50% of the outstanding Shares immediately following such event (a "Reverse Merger"),

--- Page 279 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 279 - 
47-41009328 
 
in each case if the Merger Date is on or before the Expiration Date (or such other date 
as may be specified in the Final Terms). 
"Nationalisation" means that all the Shares of the Share Issuer or all or substantially 
all the assets of the Share Issuer are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required 
to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality 
thereof. 
"New Shares" means ordinary or common shares, whether of the entity or person (other 
than the Share Issuer) involved in the Merger Event or a third party, that are, or that as 
of the Merger Date are promptly scheduled to be, (i) publicly quoted, traded or listed 
on an exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange (or, 
where the Exchange is within the European Union, in any member of state of the 
European Union) or on another exchange acceptable to the Issuer and (ii) not subject to 
any currency exchange controls, trading restrictions or other trading limitations. 
"Observation Date" means each date, if any, specified as such in the Final Terms, or 
if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading 
Day, in each case subject to Base Condition 4(i) of the Base Conditions. 
"Observation Period" has the meaning ascribed to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Other Consideration" means cash and/or any securities (other than New Shares) or 
assets (whether of the entity or person (other than the Share Issuer) involved in the 
Merger Event or a third party). 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means any of the following: 
(i) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of the Shares (unless resulting in 
a Merger Event), or a free distribution or dividend of any Shares to existing 
holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(ii) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the Shares of (A) Shares, 
or (B) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends 
and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the Share Issuer equally or proportionately 
with such payments to holders of the Shares, or (C) share capital or other 
securities of another issuing institution acquired or owned (directly or 
indirectly) by the Share Issuer as a result of a spin-off or other similar 
transaction, or (D) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, 
in any case for payment (cash or other consideration) at less than the prevailing 
market price as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(iii) 
an Extraordinary Dividend; 
(iv) 
a call by the Share Issuer in respect of Shares that are not fully paid; 
(v) 
a repurchase by the Share Issuer or any of its subsidiaries of Shares whether out 
of profits or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, 
securities or otherwise; 
(vi) 
with respect to the Share Issuer, an event that results in any shareholder rights 
pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against hostile

--- Page 280 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 280 - 
47-41009328 
 
takeovers that provides upon the occurrence of certain events for a distribution 
of preferred stock, warrants, debt instruments or stock rights at a price below 
their market value (as determined by the Calculation Agent) being distributed 
or becoming separated from shares of common stock or other shares of the 
capital stock of the Share Issuer (provided that any adjustment effected as a 
result of such an event shall be readjusted upon any redemption of such rights); 
or 
(vii) 
any other event that may have a diluting or concentrative effect on the 
theoretical value of the Shares. 
"Price" means, in respect of a Share, on any Exchange Business Day, the price of one 
such Share in the Share Currency quoted on the relevant Exchange (i) if "Constant 
Monitoring" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, at any given time on 
such Exchange Business Day or (ii) if "Valuation Time Only" is specified as being 
applicable in the Final Terms, at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Price Source" means, in respect of a Share, the publication (or such other origin of 
reference, including an Exchange) containing (or reporting) the Final Share Price (or 
prices from which the Final Share Price is calculated) specified in the applicable Final 
terms. 
"Reference Item" means the item specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Related Exchange" means each exchange or quotation system where trading has a 
material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for 
futures or options contracts relating to the Shares, or such other options or futures 
exchange(s) as the Issuer may select, any transferee or successor to any such exchange 
or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in 
futures or options contracts relating to the Shares has temporarily relocated (provided 
that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to 
the futures or options contracts relating to the Shares on such temporary substitute 
exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange). 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of the Exchange or a Related Exchange 
and a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of the Exchange or 
Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any 
other trading outside of the regular trading session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means any day on which the Exchange and each Related 
Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading sessions. 
"Settlement Disruption Event" means, if "Share Delivery" is specified as being 
applicable in the Final Terms, an event determined by the Calculation Agent to be 
beyond the control of the Issuer as a result of which the Issuer cannot transfer (or it 
would be contrary to applicable laws and regulations for the Issuer to transfer) the 
Shares comprised in the Share Amount(s) in accordance with the terms and conditions 
of the Notes. 
"Share Currency" has the meaning ascribed to it in the Final Terms.

--- Page 281 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 281 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Share Issuer" has the meaning ascribed to it in the Final Terms. 
"Shares" has the meaning ascribed to it in the Final Terms. 
"Strike Date" means the date (if any) specified as such in the Final Terms, or if such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day, in 
each case subject to Base Condition 4(i) of the Base Conditions. 
"Strike Price" means the price (if any) specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Tender Offer" means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, 
proposal or other event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person 
purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other 
means, greater than 10% and less than 100% of the outstanding voting shares of the 
Share Issuer, as determined by the Calculation Agent, based upon the making of filings 
with governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the 
Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
"Tender Offer Date" means, in respect of a Tender Offer, the date on which voting 
shares in an amount determined by the Calculation Agent are actually purchased or 
otherwise obtained (as determined by the Calculation Agent). 
"Trading Disruption" means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by 
the Exchange or a Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements 
in price exceeding limits permitted by the Exchange or such Related Exchange or 
otherwise (i) relating to the Shares on the Exchange or (ii) in futures or options contracts 
relating to the Shares on a Related Exchange. 
"Valuation Time" means the Scheduled Closing Time on the Exchange on the relevant 
date. If the Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time, and the specified 
Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular trading session, then 
(subject to Base Condition 4(i) of the Base Conditions) the Valuation Time shall be 
such actual closing time. 
4. 
DISRUPTED DAYS 
For the purposes of the Notes, Base Condition 4 of the Base Conditions shall be 
amended by the addition of a new Base Condition 4(i) as follows: 
"(i) 
Disrupted Days 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any Calculation Date in respect of the 
Shares is a Disrupted Day, then the relevant Calculation Date shall be the first 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of 
the eight Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the original date that, 
but for the determination by the Calculation Agent of the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day, would have been the relevant Calculation Date is a Disrupted 
Day.

--- Page 282 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 282 - 
47-41009328 
 
In that case: 
(a) 
that eighth Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Calculation Date in respect of the Shares, notwithstanding the fact that 
such day is a Disrupted Day; 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the price of one Share as its good 
faith estimate of the price of one Share that would have prevailed, but 
for the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, at the Valuation Time on that 
eighth Scheduled Trading Day; and/or 
(c) 
the Issuer may make any adjustment or adjustments to the Final 
Redemption Amount, Automatic Early Redemption Amount, the Final 
Share Price, the Strike Price and/or any other relevant term of the Notes 
(including the amount of interest payable, if any) as it deems necessary. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of any other Condition, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that a Disrupted Day has occurred on any relevant Calculation Date, 
payment of the Final Redemption Amount, the Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount (if such amount is payable) and/or any amount of interest (if the 
payment of interest is share-linked), as the case may be, shall be postponed to 
the later of (i) the Maturity Date, the Automatic Early Redemption Date and/or 
the relevant Interest Payment Date and (ii) the date that is three Business Days 
(or such other period as specified in the Final Terms) following the relevant 
postponed Calculation Date. For the avoidance of doubt, no additional amounts 
shall be payable in respect of the postponement of any payment of the Final 
Redemption Amount, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount and/or any 
amount of interest in accordance with this Base Condition 4(i) of the Base 
Conditions. 
The Issuer shall give notice to the holders of the Notes, in accordance with Base 
Condition 12 of the Base Conditions, of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day if it 
results in the postponement of any payment in respect of the Notes and/or any 
adjustment to any term of the Notes pursuant to this Base Condition 4(i)." 
5. 
ADJUSTMENTS 
For the purposes of the Notes, Base Condition 4 of the Base Conditions shall be 
amended by the addition of a new Base Condition 4(o) as follows: 
"(j) 
Adjustments, Consequences of Certain Events and Currency 
(i) 
Adjustments 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Potential Adjustment Event has 
occurred or that there has been an adjustment to the settlement terms of listed 
contracts on the Shares traded on a Related Exchange, the Calculation Agent 
will determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event or adjustment has a 
diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Shares and, if so, 
will (a) make the corresponding adjustment(s), if any, to any one or more of the 
Final Redemption Amount and/or the Strike Price and/or any of the terms and

--- Page 283 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 283 - 
47-41009328 
 
conditions of the Notes (including the amount of interest payable, if any) as the 
Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for that diluting or 
concentrative effect (provided that no adjustments will be made to account 
solely for changes in volatility, expected dividend, stock loan rate or liquidity) 
and (b) determine the effective date(s) of the adjustment(s). The Calculation 
Agent may (but need not) determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to 
the adjustment in respect of such Potential Adjustment Event or adjustment to 
settlement terms made by an options exchange to options on the Shares traded 
on that options exchange. 
(ii) 
Consequences of a Merger Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Merger Event has occurred, the Issuer 
may: 
(a) 
redeem each Note at its fair market value (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) as at the Merger Date less, unless specified 
otherwise in the Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer of amending or 
liquidating any Hedging Arrangement, together with any costs, 
expenses, fees or taxes incurred by the Issuer in respect of any such 
Hedging Arrangement, on such date as the Issuer may notify to 
Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 12 of the Base 
Conditions; and/or 
(b) 
make such adjustment to the exercise, settlement, payment or any other 
term or condition of the Notes as the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate to account for the economic effect on the Notes of such 
Merger Event (provided that no adjustments will be made to solely 
account for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or 
liquidity relevant to the Shares or to the Notes), which may, but need 
not, be determined by reference to the adjustment(s) made in respect of 
such Merger Event by an options exchange to options on the Shares 
traded on such options exchange and determine the effective date of that 
adjustment; and/or 
(c) 
save in respect of a Reverse Merger, on or after the relevant Merger 
Date, deem the New Shares and/or the amount of Other Consideration, 
if applicable (as subsequently modified in accordance with any relevant 
terms and including the proceeds of any redemption, if applicable), and 
their issuer (if any) to be the "Shares" and the "Share Issuer", 
respectively, and if the Calculation Agent determines to be appropriate, 
the Issuer will adjust any relevant terms of the Notes as it may 
determine. 
The Issuer shall give notice of such redemption, adjustment or deemed change 
to Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 12 of the Base Conditions. 
(iii) 
Consequences of a Tender Offer 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Tender Offer has occurred, then on 
or after the relevant Tender Offer Date the Issuer may:

--- Page 284 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 284 - 
47-41009328 
 
(a) 
redeem each Note at its fair market value (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) as at the Tender Offer Date less, unless specified 
otherwise in the Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer of amending or 
liquidating any Hedging Arrangement, together with any costs, 
expenses, fees or taxes incurred by the Issuer in respect of any such 
Hedging Arrangement, on such date as the Issuer may notify to 
Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 12 of the Base 
Conditions; and/or 
(b) 
make such adjustment to the exercise, settlement, payment or any other 
term or condition of the Notes as the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate to account for the economic effect on the Notes of such 
Tender Offer (provided that no adjustments will be made to account 
solely for changes in volatility or liquidity relevant to the Shares or to 
the Notes), which may, but need not, be determined by reference to the 
adjustment(s) made in respect of such Tender Offer by an options 
exchange to options on the Shares traded on such options exchange and 
determine the effective date of that adjustment. 
(c) 
The Issuer shall give notice of such redemption or adjustment to 
Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 12 of the Base 
Conditions. 
(iv) 
Nationalisation, Insolvency or De-listing 
If in respect of the Shares or the Share Issuer the Calculation Agent determines 
that there has been a Nationalisation, an Insolvency or a De-listing, the Issuer 
may (i) request the Calculation Agent to determine the appropriate adjustment, 
if any, to be made to any one or more of the Final Redemption Amount and/or 
the Strike Price and/or any of the other terms and conditions of the Notes 
(including the amount of interest payable, if any) to account for the 
Nationalisation, Insolvency or Delisting, as the case may be, and determine the 
effective date of that adjustment or (ii) redeem each Note at its fair market value 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent) as at the date of redemption taking 
into account the Nationalisation, Insolvency or De-listing less, unless specified 
otherwise in the Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer of amending or liquidating 
Hedging Arrangement, together with any costs, expenses, fees or taxes incurred 
by the Issuer in respect of any such Hedging Arrangement. 
Notice of any redemption of the Notes or determination pursuant to this 
paragraph shall be given to Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 12 
of the Base Conditions. 
(v) 
Change of Exchange 
If the Exchange is changed, the Issuer may make such consequential 
modifications to the Strike Price, Final Redemption Amount, Valuation Time 
and such other terms and conditions of the Notes (including the amount of 
interest payable, if any) as it may deem necessary.

--- Page 285 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 285 - 
47-41009328 
 
(vi) 
Price Correction 
In the event that any price or level published on the Exchange and which is 
utilised for any calculation or determination made under the Notes is 
subsequently corrected and the correction is published by the Exchange within 
three Business Days (or such other period specified in the Final Terms) after the 
original publication, the Calculation Agent will determine the amount (if any) 
that is payable following that correction, and, to the extent necessary, the Issuer 
will adjust the terms and conditions of the Notes to account for such correction. 
(vii) 
Currency 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any event occurs affecting the Relevant 
Currency or the currency in which any of the Shares are quoted, listed and/or 
dealt in on the Exchange (whether relating to the convertibility of any such 
currency into other currencies or otherwise) which the Calculation Agent 
determines necessitates an adjustment or adjustments to the Final Redemption 
Amount, Strike Price (if applicable) and/or any other relevant term of the Notes 
(including the date on which any amount is payable by the Issuer and the amount 
of interest payable, if any), the Issuer may make such adjustment or adjustments 
to the Final Redemption Amount, Strike Price (if applicable) and/or any other 
relevant term of the Notes (including the amount of interest payable, if any) as 
it deems necessary. The Issuer shall give notice to the holders of the Notes of 
any such adjustment in accordance with Base Condition 12 of the Base 
Conditions. 
(viii) Additional Disruption Events 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has 
occurred, the Issuer may (i) make any adjustment or adjustments to the exercise, 
settlement, payment or any other term or condition of the Notes as the 
Calculation Agent determines appropriate (including, without limitation, to the 
Final Redemption Amount, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount, the Final 
Share Price, the Strike Price and the amount of interest payable, if any) and/or 
(ii) redeem each Note at its fair market value (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) as at the date of redemption taking into account the Additional 
Disruption Event less, unless specified otherwise in the Final Terms, the cost to 
the Issuer of amending or liquidating any Hedging Arrangement, together with 
any costs, expenses, fees or taxes incurred by the Issuer in respect of any such 
Hedging Arrangement. Notice of any determination made pursuant to this 
paragraph and of any adjustment and/or redemption of the Notes shall be given 
to Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 12 of the Base Conditions. 
(ix) 
Change in currency 
If, at any time after the Issue Date, there is any change in the currency in which 
the Shares are quoted, listed and/or dealt on the Exchange, then the Issuer will 
adjust such of the terms and conditions of the Notes as the Calculation Agent 
determines appropriate to preserve the economic terms of the Notes. The 
Calculation Agent will make any conversion necessary for purposes of any such 
adjustment as of the Valuation Time at an appropriate mid-market spot rate of

--- Page 286 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 286 - 
47-41009328 
 
Exchange determined by the Calculation Agent prevailing as of the Valuation 
Time. No adjustments under this section will affect the currency denomination 
of any payment obligation arising out of the Notes.". 
6. 
AUTOMATIC EARLY REDEMPTION 
For the purposes of the Notes, if "Automatic Early Redemption" is specified as being 
applicable in the Final Terms, Base Condition 4 of the Base Conditions shall be 
amended by the addition of a new Base Condition 4(o) as follows: 
"(o) 
Automatic Early Redemption: 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if on any Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date or during any Observation Period the 
Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, then the Notes will be automatically 
redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the Automatic Early Redemption Date 
immediately following such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or (in 
the case of the occurrence of an Automatic Early Redemption Event during an 
Observation Period) on the date that is five Business Days (or such other period 
as is specified in the applicable Final Terms) following the occurrence of such 
Automatic Early Redemption Event, and in any such case the Final Redemption 
Amount payable by the Issuer on such date upon redemption of each Note shall 
be an amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Amount.". 
7. 
PRESCRIPTION 
For the avoidance of doubt, Base Condition 7 of the Base Conditions shall apply to the 
Notes.

--- Page 287 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 287 - 
47-41009328 
 
PART (B) - TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF NOTES LINKED TO A BASKET OF 
SHARES 
The terms and conditions applicable to Notes linked to a basket of shares shall comprise the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out in Chapter 2 (the "Base Conditions"), the specific 
terms and conditions set out below the ("Basket Share Linked Conditions") and the specific 
terms and conditions for Physical Delivery Notes set out in Chapter 13 (if applicable), in each 
case subject to completion in the applicable Final Terms. The Final Terms shall comprise the 
general form of Final Terms set out in Part 2 of Chapter 2 completed to reflect the particular 
terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. In the event of any inconsistency between the Base 
Conditions and the Basket Share Linked Conditions, the Basket Share Linked Conditions set 
out below shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Base Conditions 
and/or the Basket Share Linked Conditions and (ii) the Final Terms, the Final Terms shall 
prevail. 
1. 
FINAL REDEMPTION 
Subject to any applicable automatic redemption and/or early redemption and/or put 
options and/or call options set forth in the Final Terms not having occurred prior to any 
applicable date specified therein, for the purposes of Base Condition 4(b) of the Base 
Conditions the Final Redemption Amount payable per Note on the Maturity Date shall 
be an amount in the Relevant Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the applicable Final Redemption Formula specified in the Final Terms, 
for which purposes: 
"Final Valuation Date" means: 
(a) 
if Averaging is not specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Expiration Date; or 
(b) 
if Averaging is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, each 
of the Averaging Dates; 
"Initial Valuation Date" means the Strike Date; 
"Settlement Price" means the Final Share Price. 
2. 
INTEREST 
Subject to any applicable automatic redemption and/or early redemption and/or put 
options and/or call options set forth in the Final Terms not having occurred prior to any 
applicable date specified therein, for the purposes of Base Condition 3(f) of the Base 
Conditions the Interest Amount payable per Note on the relevant Interest Payment Date 
shall be an amount in the Relevant Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the applicable Structured Rate Formula specified in the Final Terms, 
for which purposes: 
"Final Interest Valuation Date" means: 
(a) 
if Averaging is not specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Final Interest Valuation Date specified in the Final Terms; or

--- Page 288 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 288 - 
47-41009328 
 
(b) 
if Averaging is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, each 
of the Interest Averaging Dates; 
"Interest Settlement Price" means the Final Share Price. 
3. 
DEFINITIONS 
For the purposes of the terms and conditions of the Notes, the following terms shall 
have the meanings set out below: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means Change in Law, Hedging Disruption and/or 
Insolvency Filing. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means, if "Automatic Early Redemption" is 
specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, (a) an amount specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount is specified, (b) an amount per Specified 
Denomination equal to the product of (i) the Specified Denomination and (ii) the 
relevant Automatic Early Redemption Rate. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date(s)" means, if "Automatic Early Redemption" is 
specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, each of the date(s) specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms, subject in each case to adjustment in accordance with 
Base Condition 4(i) of the Base Conditions. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" means, if "Automatic Early Redemption" is 
specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, (unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) that the Price of one or more Shares (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) is, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) "greater than", 
(ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" the 
Automatic Early Redemption Price(s). 
"Automatic Early Redemption Price(s)" means, if "Automatic Early Redemption" is 
specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the Price(s) per Share specified as such 
or otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Rate" means, in respect of any Automatic Early 
Redemption Date and if "Automatic Early Redemption" is specified as being applicable 
in the Final Terms, the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date(s)" means, if "Automatic Early 
Redemption" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, each of the date(s) 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if any such Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day, in each case subject to adjustment in accordance with Base 
Condition 4(i) of the Base Conditions. 
"Averaging Dates" means, in respect of a Share, each of the dates set forth in the Final 
Terms, if any, or if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day, in each case subject to Base Condition 4(i) of the Base 
Conditions.

--- Page 289 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 289 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Basket" means a basket composed of Shares in the relative proportions and/or 
numbers of Shares of each Share Issuer specified in the Final Terms. 
"Calculation Date" means the Strike Date, the Expiration Date, any Averaging Date, 
any Final Interest Valuation Date, any Interest Averaging Date, any Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, any Observation Date, any Structured Barrier Observation 
Date, any Interest Barrier Observation Date or any Redemption Barrier Observation 
Date or any other date on which a value of a Share is required to be calculated, as the 
case may be. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Issue Date (or as otherwise set forth in 
the Final Terms) (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law, 
regulation, rule, order, ruling or procedure (including, without limitation, any tax law 
and any regulation, rule, order, ruling or procedure of any applicable regulatory 
authority, tax authority and/or any exchange) or (B) due to the promulgation of or any 
change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with 
competent jurisdiction (including, without limitation, any relevant exchange or trading 
facility) of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing 
authority), the Issuer determines that: 
(X) 
it has (or it expects that it will) become illegal for the Issuer, the Guarantor or 
any of its affiliates, to (i) to hold, acquire or dispose of the Shares or to enter 
into transactions on or relating to the Shares or (ii) perform its obligations under 
the Notes; or 
(Y) 
the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of its affiliates would (or would expect to) incur 
a materially increased cost in (i) holding, acquiring or disposing of the Shares, 
(ii) maintaining, entering into or unwinding any Hedging Arrangement, and/or 
(iii) performing its obligations under the Notes (including, without limitation, 
due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect 
on its tax position). 
"Component Weight" means the percentage or other value specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
"De-listing" means that an Exchange announces that pursuant to its rules one or more 
of the Shares in the Basket has ceased (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly 
quoted on the relevant Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender 
Offer) and such Shares are not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an 
exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the relevant Exchange (or, 
where the relevant Exchange is within the European Union, in any member state of the 
European Union) and such Shares are no longer listed on an Exchange acceptable to 
the Issuer. 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of a Share, any Scheduled Trading Day on which 
(i) the relevant Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session, (ii) 
any Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or (iii) 
on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
"Early Closure" means, in respect of a Share, the closure on any Exchange Business 
Day of any relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing

--- Page 290 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 290 - 
47-41009328 
 
Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange or such Related 
Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the 
regular trading session on such Exchange or such Related Exchange on such Exchange 
Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into such 
Exchange or such Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on 
such Exchange Business Day. 
"Exchange" means, in respect of a Share, the Exchange specified for such Share in the 
Final Terms or otherwise the stock exchange on which such Share is, in the 
determination of the Issuer, traded or quoted or any successor to such exchange or 
quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in 
such Share has temporarily been relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has 
determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such Share on such successor 
or substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
"Exchange Business Day" means, in respect of a Share, any Scheduled Trading Day 
on which the relevant Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading during 
their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding the relevant Exchange or any 
relevant Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Disruption" means, in respect of a Share, any event (other than an Early 
Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability 
of market participants in general (i) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values 
for, such Share on the relevant Exchange or (ii) to effect transactions in, or obtain 
market values for, futures or options contracts relating to such Share on any relevant 
Related Exchange. 
"Expiration Date" means the date (if any) specified as such in the Final Terms, or if 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day, 
in each case subject to Base Condition 4(i) of the Base Conditions. 
"Extraordinary Dividend" means, in respect of a Share, the characterisation of a 
dividend or portion thereof as an Extraordinary Dividend by the Issuer. 
"Final Share Price" means, in respect of a Share, any of the following prices of such 
Share, in the Share Currency quoted on the Exchange (which must be a price reported 
in or by, or capable of being determined from information reported in or by, the relevant 
Price Source), as specified in the Final Terms (and, if applicable, as of the time so 
specified): (A) the high price; (B) the low price; (C) the average of the high price and 
the low price; (D) the closing price; (E) the opening price; (F) the bid price; (G) the 
asked price; (H) the average of the bid price and the asked price; (I) the settlement price; 
(J) the official settlement price; (K) the official price; (L) the morning fixing; (M) the 
afternoon fixing; (N) the spot price; or (O) any other price specified in the Final Terms, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Hedging Arrangement" means any hedging arrangements entered into by the Issuer, 
the Guarantor and/or any of its affiliates at any time with respect to the Notes, including 
without limitation, the entry into of any transaction(s) and/or the purchase and/or sale 
of the Shares or any other asset(s) to hedge the equity price risk of entering into and 
performing the obligations of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor under the Notes and any 
associated foreign exchange transactions.

--- Page 291 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 291 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or its affiliates is 
unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (A) hold, acquire, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of the Shares and/or any Hedging Arrangement, 
or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of the Shares and/or any Hedging 
Arrangement and/or (c) any other event specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Insolvency" means, in respect of a Share Issuer, that by reason of the voluntary or 
involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or winding-up of or any 
analogous proceeding affecting such Share Issuer, (A) all the Shares of such Share 
Issuer are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or 
(B) holders of the Shares of such Share Issuer become legally prohibited from 
transferring them. 
"Insolvency Filing" means, in respect of a Share, that the Calculation Agent determines 
that the relevant Share Issuer has instituted or has had instituted against it by a regulator, 
supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory 
jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the 
jurisdiction of its head or home office, or it consents to a proceeding seeking a judgment 
of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law 
or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-
up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official or it consents to 
such a petition. 
"Interest Averaging Dates" means, in respect of a Share, each of the dates set forth in 
the Final Terms, if any, or if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day, in each case subject to Base Condition 4(i) of the 
Base Conditions. 
"Market Disruption Event" means the occurrence or existence on any Scheduled 
Trading Day of (i) a Trading Disruption or (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which in either 
case the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one hour 
period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time or (iii) an Early Closure. 
"Merger Date" means, in respect of a Merger Event, the closing date of such Merger 
Event or, where the Calculation Agent determines that a closing date cannot be 
determined under the local law applicable to such Merger Event, such other date as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of one or more of the Shares in the Basket, any (i) 
reclassification or change of such Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable 
commitment to transfer all of such Shares outstanding to another entity or person, (ii) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant Share 
Issuer with or into another entity or person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, 
merger or binding share exchange in which such Share Issuer is the continuing entity 
and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all of such Shares 
outstanding), (iii) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or 
other event by any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100% of the 
outstanding Shares of the relevant Share Issuer that results in a transfer of or an 
irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Shares (other than such Shares owned or 
controlled by the such other entity or person), or (iv) consolidation, amalgamation, 
merger or binding share exchange of the relevant Share Issuer or its subsidiaries with

--- Page 292 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 292 - 
47-41009328 
 
or into another entity in which such Share Issuer is the continuing entity and which does 
not result in a reclassification or change of all such Shares outstanding but results in the 
outstanding Shares (other than Shares owned or controlled by such other entity) 
immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50% of the 
outstanding Shares immediately following such event (a "Reverse Merger"), in each 
case if the Merger Date is on or before the Expiration Date (or such other date as may 
be specified in the Final Terms). 
"Nationalisation" means that all the Shares of a Share Issuer or all or substantially all 
the assets of such Share Issuer are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required 
to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality 
thereof. 
"New Shares" means ordinary or common shares, whether of the entity or person (other 
than the relevant Share Issuer) involved in the Merger Event or a third party, that are, 
or that as of the Merger Date are promptly scheduled to be, (i) publicly quoted, traded 
or listed on an exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the relevant 
Exchange (or, where the relevant Exchange is within the European Union, in any 
member of state of the European Union) or on another exchange acceptable to the Issuer 
and (ii) not subject to any currency exchange controls, trading restrictions or other 
trading limitations. 
"Observation Date" means each date, if any, specified as such in the Final Terms, or 
if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading 
Day, in each case subject to Base Condition 4(i) of the Base Conditions. 
"Observation Period" has the meaning ascribed to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Other Consideration" means cash and/or any securities (other than New Shares) or 
assets (whether of the entity or person (other than the relevant Share Issuer) involved 
in the Merger Event or a third party). 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means any of the following: 
(i) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of one or more of the Shares in 
the Basket (unless resulting in a Merger Event), or a free distribution or dividend 
of any such Shares to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar 
issue; 
(ii) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of one or more of the Shares 
in the Basket of (A) such Shares, or (B) other share capital or securities granting 
the right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the 
relevant Share Issuer equally or proportionately with such payments to holders 
of such Shares, or (C) share capital or other securities of another issuing 
institution acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the relevant Share Issuer 
as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction, or (D) any other type of 
securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (cash or 
other consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by 
the Calculation Agent; 
(iii) 
an Extraordinary Dividend;

--- Page 293 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 293 - 
47-41009328 
 
(iv) 
a call by a Share Issuer in respect of relevant Shares that are not fully paid; 
(v) 
a repurchase by a Share Issuer or any of its subsidiaries of relevant Shares 
whether out of profits or capital and whether the consideration for such 
repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise; 
(vi) 
with respect to a Share Issuer, an event that results in any shareholder rights 
pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against hostile 
takeovers that provides upon the occurrence of certain events for a distribution 
of preferred stock, warrants, debt instruments or stock rights at a price below 
their market value (as determined by the Calculation Agent) being distributed 
or becoming separated from shares of common stock or other shares of the 
capital stock of such Share Issuer (provided that any adjustment effected as a 
result of such an event shall be readjusted upon any redemption of such rights); 
or 
(vii) 
any other event that may have a diluting or concentrative effect on the 
theoretical value of one or more of the Shares in the Basket. 
"Price" means, in respect of a Share, on any Exchange Business Day, the price of one 
such Share in the Share Currency quoted on the relevant Exchange (i) if "Constant 
Monitoring" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, at any given time on 
such Exchange Business Day or (ii) if "Valuation Time Only" is specified as being 
applicable in the Final Terms, at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Price Source" means, in respect of a Share, the publication (or such other origin of 
reference, including an Exchange) containing (or reporting) the Final Share Price (or 
prices from which the Final Share Price is calculated) specified in the applicable Final 
terms. 
"Reference Item" means the item specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Related Exchange" means, in respect of a Share, each exchange or quotation system 
where trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the 
overall market for futures or options contracts relating to such Share or such other 
options or futures exchange(s) as the Issuer may select, any transferee exchange or 
quotation system or any successor to any such exchange or quotation system or any 
substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts 
relating to such Share has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent 
has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options 
contracts relating to such Share on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation 
system as on the original Related Exchange). 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Exchange or a Related Exchange 
and a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange 
or Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or 
any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours.

--- Page 294 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 294 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of a Share, any day on which the relevant 
Exchange and each relevant Related Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for 
its regular trading sessions. 
"Settlement Disruption Event" means, if "Share Delivery" is specified as being 
applicable in the Final Terms, in respect of a Share, an event determined by the 
Calculation Agent to be beyond the control of the Issuer as a result of which the Issuer 
cannot transfer (or it would be contrary to applicable laws and regulations for the Issuer 
to transfer) the Shares comprised in the Share Amount(s) in accordance with the terms 
and conditions of the Notes. 
"Share Currency" has the meaning ascribed to it in the Final Terms. 
"Share Issuer" has the meaning ascribed to it in the Final Terms. 
"Shares" has the meaning ascribed to it in the Final Terms. 
"Strike Date" means the date (if any) specified as such in the Final Terms, or if such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day, in 
each case subject to Base Condition 4(i) of the Base Conditions. 
"Strike Price" means the price (if any) specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Tender Offer" means, in respect of any Shares, a takeover offer, tender offer, 
exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person that results 
in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having the right to obtain, 
by conversion or other means, greater than 10% and less than 100% of the outstanding 
voting shares of the relevant Share Issuer, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
based upon the making of filings with governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such 
other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
"Tender Offer Date" means, in respect of a Tender Offer, the date on which voting 
shares in an amount determined by the Calculation Agent are actually purchased or 
otherwise obtained (as determined by the Calculation Agent). 
"Trading Disruption" means, in respect of a Share, any suspension of or limitation 
imposed on trading by an Exchange or a Related Exchange or otherwise and whether 
by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange 
or such Related Exchange or otherwise (i) relating to such Share on such Exchange or 
(ii) in futures or options contracts relating to such Share on a Related Exchange. 
"Valuation Time" means the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on the 
relevant date in relation to that Share. If the relevant Exchange closes prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time, and the specified Valuation Time is after the actual closing 
time for its regular trading session, then (subject to Base Condition 4(j) of the Base 
Conditions) the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time. 
4. 
DISRUPTED DAYS 
For the purposes of the Notes, Base Condition 4 of the Base Conditions shall be 
amended by the addition of a new Base Condition 4(i) as follows:

--- Page 295 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 295 - 
47-41009328 
 
"(i) 
Disrupted Days 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any Calculation Date is a Disrupted 
Day in respect of a Share, then the relevant Calculation Date in respect of that 
Share shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a 
Disrupted Day in respect of that Share, unless each of the eight Scheduled 
Trading Days immediately following the original date that, but for the 
determination by the Calculation Agent of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, 
would have been the relevant Calculation Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
(a) 
that eighth Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Date for such Share notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted 
Day; 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the price of one such Share as its 
good faith estimate of the price of one such Share that would have 
prevailed, but for the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, at the Valuation 
Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day; and/or 
(c) 
the Issuer may make any adjustment or adjustments to the Final 
Redemption Amount, Automatic Early Redemption Amount, the Final 
Share Price, the Strike Price and/or any other relevant term of the Notes 
(including the amount of interest payable, if any) as it deems necessary. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of any other Condition, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that a Disrupted Day has occurred on any relevant Calculation Date, 
payment of the Final Redemption Amount, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount 
(if such amount is payable) and/or any amount of interest (if the payment of interest is 
share-linked), as the case may be, shall be postponed to the later of (i) the Maturity 
Date, the Automatic Early Redemption Date and/or the relevant Interest Payment Date 
and (ii) the date that is three Business Days (or such other period as specified in the 
Final Terms) following the relevant postponed Calculation Date. For the avoidance of 
doubt, no additional amounts shall be payable in respect of the postponement of any 
payment of the Final Redemption Amount, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount 
and/or any amount of interest in accordance with this Base Condition 4(i) of the Base 
Conditions. 
The Issuer shall give notice to the holders of the Notes, in accordance with Base 
Condition 12 of the Base Conditions, of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day if it results 
in the postponement of any payment in respect of the Notes and/or any adjustment to 
any term of the Notes pursuant to this Base Condition 4(i).". 
5. 
ADJUSTMENTS 
For the purposes of the Notes, Base Condition 4 of the Base Conditions shall be 
amended by the addition of a new Base Condition 4(o) as follows: 
"(o) 
Adjustments, Consequences of Certain Events and Currency 
(i) 
Adjustments

--- Page 296 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 296 - 
47-41009328 
 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Potential Adjustment Event has 
occurred in respect of one or more of the Shares in the Basket or that there has 
been an adjustment to the settlement terms of listed contracts on one or more of 
the Shares in the Basket traded on a Related Exchange, the Calculation Agent 
will determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event or adjustment has a 
diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Shares 
and, if so, will (a) make the corresponding adjustment(s), if any, to any one or 
more of the Final Redemption Amount and/or the Strike Price and/or any of the 
terms and conditions of the Notes (including the amount of interest payable, if 
any) as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for that diluting 
or concentrative effect (provided that no adjustments will be made to account 
solely for changes in volatility, expected dividend, stock loan rate or liquidity) 
and (b) determine the effective date(s) of the adjustment(s). The Calculation 
Agent may (but need not) determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to 
the adjustment in respect of such Potential Adjustment Event or adjustment to 
settlement terms made by an options exchange to options on the relevant Shares 
traded on that options exchange. 
(ii) 
Consequences of a Merger Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Merger Event has occurred in respect 
of one or more of the Shares in the Basket, the Issuer may: 
(a) 
redeem each Note at its fair market value (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) as at the Merger Date less, unless specified 
otherwise in the Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer of amending or 
liquidating any Hedging Arrangement, together with any costs, 
expenses, fees or taxes incurred by the Issuer in respect of any such 
Hedging Arrangement, on such date as the Issuer may notify to 
Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 12 of the Base 
Conditions; and/or 
(b) 
make such adjustment to the exercise, settlement, payment or any other 
term or condition of the Notes as the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate to account for the economic effect on the Notes of such 
Merger Event (provided that no adjustments will be made to solely 
account for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or 
liquidity relevant to the relevant Shares or to the Notes), which may, but 
need not, be determined by reference to the adjustment(s) made in 
respect of such Merger Event by an options exchange to options on the 
relevant Shares traded on such options exchange and determine the 
effective date of that adjustment; and/or 
(c) 
save in respect of a Reverse Merger, on or after the relevant Merger 
Date, deem the New Shares and/or the amount of Other Consideration, 
if applicable (as subsequently modified in accordance with any relevant 
terms and including the proceeds of any redemption, if applicable), and 
their issuer (if any) to be the relevant "Shares" and the relevant "Share 
Issuer", respectively, and if the Calculation Agent determines to be 
appropriate, the Issuer will adjust any relevant terms of the Notes as it 
may determine.

--- Page 297 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 297 - 
47-41009328 
 
The Issuer shall give notice of such redemption, adjustment or deemed change 
to Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 12 of the Base Conditions. 
(iii) 
Consequences of a Tender Offer 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Tender Offer has occurred in respect 
of one or more of the Shares in the Basket, then on or after the relevant Tender 
Offer Date the Issuer may: 
(a) 
redeem each Note at its fair market value (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) as at the Tender Offer Date less, unless specified 
otherwise in the Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer of amending or 
liquidating any Hedging Arrangement, together with any costs, 
expenses, fees or taxes incurred by the Issuer in respect of any such 
Hedging Arrangement, on such date as the Issuer may notify to 
Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 12 of the Base 
Conditions; and/or 
(b) 
make such adjustment to the exercise, settlement, payment or any other 
term or condition of the Notes as the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate to account for the economic effect on the Notes of such 
Tender Offer (provided that no adjustments will be made to account 
solely for changes in volatility or liquidity relevant to the Shares or to 
the Notes), which may, but need not, be determined by reference to the 
adjustment(s) made in respect of such Tender Offer by an options 
exchange to options on the relevant Shares traded on such options 
exchange and determine the effective date of that adjustment. 
The Issuer shall give notice of such redemption or adjustment to Noteholders in 
accordance with Base Condition 12 of the Base Conditions. 
(iv) 
Nationalisation, Insolvency or De-listing 
If in respect of one or more of the Shares in the Basket or a Share Issuer the 
Calculation Agent determines that there has been a Nationalisation, an 
Insolvency or a De-listing, the Issuer may (i) request the Calculation Agent to 
determine the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any one or more of 
the Final Redemption Amount and/or the Strike Price and/or any of the other 
terms and conditions of the Notes (including the amount of interest payable, if 
any) to account for the Nationalisation, Insolvency or De-listing, as the case 
may be, and determine the effective date of that adjustment or (ii) redeem each 
Note at its fair market value (as determined by the Calculation Agent) as at the 
date of redemption taking into account the Nationalisation, Insolvency or De-
listing less, unless specified otherwise in the Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer 
of amending or liquidating any Hedging Arrangement, together with any costs, 
expenses, fees or taxes incurred by the Issuer in respect of any such Hedging 
Arrangement. Notice of any redemption of the Notes or determination pursuant 
to this paragraph shall be given to Noteholders in accordance with Base 
Condition 12 of the Base Conditions.

--- Page 298 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 298 - 
47-41009328 
 
(v) 
Change of Exchange 
If an Exchange is changed, the Issuer may make such consequential 
modifications to the Strike Price, Final Redemption Amount, Valuation Time 
and such other terms and conditions of the Notes (including the amount of 
interest payable, if any) as it may deem necessary. 
(vi) 
Price Correction 
In the event that any price or level published on an Exchange and which is 
utilised for any calculation or determination made under the Notes is 
subsequently corrected and the correction is published by the relevant Exchange 
within three Business Days (or such other period as may be specified in the 
Final Terms) after the original publication, the Calculation Agent will determine 
the amount (if any) that is payable following that correction, and, to the extent 
necessary, the Issuer will adjust the terms and conditions of the Notes to account 
for such correction. 
(vii) 
Currency 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any event occurs affecting the Relevant 
Currency or the currency in which any of the Shares are quoted, listed and/or 
dealt in on the Exchange (whether relating to the convertibility of any such 
currency into other currencies or otherwise) which the Calculation Agent 
determines necessitates an adjustment or adjustments to the Final Redemption 
Amount, Strike Price (if applicable) and/or any other relevant term of the Notes 
(including the date on which any amount is payable by the Issuer and the amount 
of interest payable, if any), the Issuer may make such adjustment or adjustments 
to the Final Redemption Amount, Strike Price (if applicable) and/or any other 
relevant term of the Notes (including the amount of interest payable, if any) as 
it deems necessary. 
The Issuer shall give notice to the holders of the Notes of any such adjustment 
in accordance with Base Condition 12 of the Base Conditions. 
(viii) Additional Disruption Events 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has 
occurred in respect of one or more of the Shares in the Basket, the Issuer may 
(i) make any adjustment or adjustments to the exercise, settlement, payment or 
any other term or condition of the Notes as the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate (including, without limitation, to the Final Redemption Amount, the 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount, the Final Share Price, the Strike Price 
and the amount of interest payable, if any) and/or (ii) redeem each Note at its 
fair market value (as determined by the Calculation Agent) as at the date of 
redemption taking into account the Additional Disruption Event less, unless 
specified otherwise in the Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer of amending or 
liquidating any Hedging Arrangement, together with any costs, expenses, fees 
or taxes incurred by the Issuer in respect of any such Hedging Arrangement. 
Notice of determination made pursuant to this paragraph and of any adjustment

--- Page 299 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 299 - 
47-41009328 
 
and/or redemption of the Notes shall be given to Noteholders in accordance with 
Base Condition 12 of the Base Conditions. 
(ix) 
Change in currencies 
If, at any time after the Issue Date, there is any change in the currency in which 
the Shares are quoted, listed and/or dealt on the Exchange, then the Issuer will 
adjust such of the terms and conditions of the Notes as the Calculation Agent 
determines appropriate to preserve the economic terms of the Notes. The 
Calculation Agent will make any conversion necessary for purposes of any such 
adjustment as of the Valuation Time at an appropriate mid-market spot rate of 
Exchange determined by the Calculation Agent prevailing as of the Valuation 
Time. No adjustments under this section will affect the currency denomination 
of any payment obligation arising out of the Notes.". 
6. 
AUTOMATIC EARLY REDEMPTION 
For the purposes of the Notes, if "Automatic Early Redemption" is specified as being 
applicable in the Final Terms, Base Condition 4 of the Base Conditions shall be 
amended by the addition of a new Base Condition 4(o) as follows: 
"(o) 
Automatic Early Redemption: 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if on any Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date or during any Observation Period the 
Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, then the Notes will be automatically 
redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the Automatic Early Redemption Date 
immediately following such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or (in 
the case of the occurrence of an Automatic Early Redemption Event during an 
Observation Period) on the date that is five Business Days (or such other period 
as is specified in the applicable Final Terms) following the occurrence of such 
Automatic Early Redemption Event, and in any such case the Final Redemption 
Amount payable by the Issuer on such date upon redemption of each Note shall 
be an amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Amount.". 
7. 
PRESCRIPTION 
For the avoidance of doubt, Base Condition 8 of the Base Conditions shall apply to the 
Notes.

--- Page 300 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 300 - 
47-41009328 
 
CHAPTER 4 – INDEX LINKED NOTES 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF NOTES LINKED TO AN INDEX 
The following terms and conditions apply to Notes linked to a single index or a basket of 
indices issued by the Issuer shall comprise the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out in 
Chapter 2 (the "Base Conditions"), the specific Terms and Conditions set out below (the 
"Index Linked Conditions"), any of the specific terms and conditions set out in Chapters 3, 
5, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11 and 12 (if applicable and so specified in the relevant Final Terms) and the 
specific terms and conditions for Physical Delivery Notes set out in Chapter 13 (if applicable), 
in each case subject to completion and/or amendment in the applicable Final Terms. The Final 
Terms shall comprise the general form of Final Terms set out in Part 2 of Chapter 2, completed 
to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. In the event of any 
inconsistency between the Base Conditions and the Index Linked Conditions, the Index Linked 
Conditions set out below shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Base 
Conditions and/or the Single Index Linked Conditions and (ii) the Final Terms, the Final Terms 
shall prevail. 
1. 
FINAL REDEMPTION 
Subject to any applicable automatic redemption and/or early redemption and/or put 
options and/or call options set forth in the Final Terms not having occurred prior to any 
applicable date specified therein, for the purposes of Base Condition 4(b) of the Base 
Conditions the Final Redemption Amount payable per Note on the Maturity Date shall 
be an amount in the Relevant Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the applicable Final Redemption Formula specified in the Final Terms, 
for which purposes: 
"Final Valuation Date" means: 
(a) 
if Averaging is not specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the 
Expiration Date; or 
(b) 
if Averaging is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, each of the 
Averaging Dates 
"Initial Valuation Date" means the Strike Date; 
"Settlement Price" means the Final Index Level. 
2. 
INTEREST 
Subject to any applicable automatic redemption and/or early redemption and/or put 
options and/or call options set forth in the Final Terms not having occurred prior to any 
applicable date specified therein, for the purposes of Base Condition 3(f) of the Base 
Conditions the Interest Amount payable per Note on the relevant Interest Payment Date 
shall be an amount in the Relevant Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the applicable Structured Rate Formula specified in the Final Terms, 
for which purposes:

--- Page 301 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 301 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Final Interest Valuation Date" means: 
(a) 
if Averaging is not specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the Final 
Interest Valuation Date specified in the Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if Averaging is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, each of the 
Interest Averaging Dates. 
"Interest Settlement Price" means the Final Index Level. 
3. 
DEFINITIONS 
For the purposes of the terms and conditions of the Notes, the following terms shall 
have the meanings set out below: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means a Change in Law and/or a Hedging Disruption. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means, if "Automatic Early Redemption" is 
specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, (a) an amount specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount is specified, (b) an amount per Specified 
Denomination equal to the product of (i) the Specified Denomination and (ii) the 
relevant Automatic Early Redemption Rate. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date(s)" means, if "Automatic Early Redemption" is 
specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, each of the date(s) specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms, subject in each case to adjustment in accordance with 
Base Condition 4(j) of the Base Conditions. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" means, if "Automatic Early Redemption" is 
specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, (unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) that the Index Level is, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less 
than or equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption Level. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Level" means, if "Automatic Early Redemption" is 
specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the Index Level specified as such or 
otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Rate" means, in respect of any Automatic Early 
Redemption Date and if "Automatic Early Redemption" is specified as being applicable 
in the Final Terms, the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date(s)" means, if "Automatic Early 
Redemption" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, each of the date(s) 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if any such Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day, in each case subject to adjustment in accordance with Base 
Condition 4(j) of the Base Conditions. 
"Averaging Dates" means, each of the dates set forth in the Final Terms, if any, or if 
any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading 
Day, in each case subject to Base Condition 4(j) of the Base Conditions.

--- Page 302 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 302 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Basket" means a basket composed of Indices in the relative proportions and/or 
numbers of Indices specified in the Final Terms. 
"Calculation Date" means the Strike Date, the Expiration Date, any Averaging Date, 
any Final Interest Valuation Date, any Interest Averaging Date, any Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, any Observation Date, any Structured Barrier Observation 
Date, any Interest Barrier Observation Date or any Redemption Barrier Observation 
Date or any other date on which the Final Index Level is required to be calculated, as 
the case may be. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Issue Date (or as otherwise set forth in 
the Final Terms) (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law, 
regulation, rule, order, ruling or procedure (including, without limitation, any tax law 
and any regulation, rule, order, ruling or procedure of any applicable regulatory 
authority, tax authority and/or any exchange) or (B) due to the promulgation of or any 
change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with 
competent jurisdiction (including, without limitation, any relevant exchange or trading 
facility) of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing 
authority), the Issuer determines that: 
(X) 
it has (or it expects that it will) become illegal for the Issuer, the Guarantor or 
any of its affiliates, to (i) hold, acquire or dispose of any Component of the 
Index or to enter into transactions on or relating to any Component of the Index 
or (ii) perform its obligations under the Notes; or 
(Y) 
the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of its affiliates would (or would expect to) incur 
a materially increased cost in (i) holding, acquiring or disposing of any 
Component of the Index, (ii) maintaining, entering into or unwinding any 
Hedging Arrangement, and/or (iii) performing its obligations under the Notes 
(including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in 
tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
"Component" means in respect of an Index, any shares, equity options or other 
component comprised in such Index. If the Index itself comprises or includes one or 
more other Indices, "Component" shall be read and construed as the relevant underlying 
shares, equity options or other components. 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) if "Multi-Exchange 
Index" is specified in the Final Terms, the Index Sponsor fails to publish the level of 
the Index or, if "Non Multi- Exchange Index" is specified in the Final Terms, the 
Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session, (ii) any Related 
Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or (iii) on which a 
Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
"Early Closure" means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant 
Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s), if any, prior to its/their Scheduled Closing Time 
unless such earlier closing time is announced by the relevant Exchange(s) or Related 
Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the 
regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s) on such 
Exchange Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into

--- Page 303 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 303 - 
47-41009328 
 
the relevant Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s) system(s) for execution at the 
Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
"Exchange(s)" means, if "Non Multi-Exchange Index" is specified in the Final Terms, 
the Exchange specified in the Final Terms or, if "Multi-Exchange Index" is specified 
in the Final Terms, in respect of any securities comprised in the Index, the stock 
exchanges (from time to time) on which in the determination of the Issuer such 
securities are listed for the purposes of such Index or any successor to any such 
exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which 
trading in the securities comprised in the Index has temporarily been relocated 
(provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity 
relative to the securities underlying such Index on such successor or substitute exchange 
or quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
"Exchange Business Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the relevant 
Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective 
regular trading sessions, notwithstanding such relevant Exchange or any such relevant 
Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Disruption" means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or 
impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in 
general (i) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, if "Multi-Exchange 
Index" is specified in the Final Terms, any security comprised in the Index on any 
relevant Exchange or, if "Non Multi-Exchange Index" is specified in the Final Terms, 
securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the Index on the Exchange 
or (ii) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts 
relating to the Index on any relevant Related Exchange. 
"Expiration Date" means the date (if any) specified as such in the Final Terms, or if 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day, 
in each case subject to Base Condition 4(j) of the Base Conditions. 
"Final Index Level" means any of the following levels of the Index, as calculated and 
published by the Index Sponsor on the relevant date, (which must be a price reported 
in or by, or capable of being determined from information reported in or by, the relevant 
Index Sponsor), as specified in the Final Terms (and, if applicable, as of the time so 
specified): (A) the high price; (B) the low price; (C) the average of the high price and 
the low price; (D) the closing price; (E) the opening price; (F) the bid price; (G) the 
asked price; (H) the average of the bid price and the asked price; (I) the settlement price; 
(J) the official settlement price; (K) the official price; (L) the morning fixing; (M) the 
afternoon fixing; (N) the spot price; or (O) any other price specified in the Final Terms, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Hedging Arrangement" means any hedging arrangements entered into by the Issuer, 
the Guarantor and/or its affiliates at any time with respect to the Notes, including 
without limitation the entry into of any transaction(s) and/or purchase and/or sale of 
any Component of the Index or any other asset(s) to hedge the equity price risk of 
entering into and performing the obligations of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor under 
the Notes and any associated foreign exchange transactions.

--- Page 304 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 304 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or its affiliates is 
unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (A) hold, acquire, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any Component of the Index and/or any 
Hedging Arrangement, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any Component 
and/or any Hedging Arrangement and/or (c) any other event specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Index" means the index specified in the Final Terms, or any Successor Index. 
"Index Cancellation" means the Index Sponsor cancels the Index and no Successor 
Index exists. 
"Index Disruption" means the Index Sponsor fails to calculate and announce the Index 
Level. 
"Index Level" means, on any relevant Scheduled Trading Day, the level of the Index, 
as calculated and published by the Index Sponsor, (i) if "Constant Monitoring" is 
specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, at any given time on such Scheduled 
Trading Day or (ii) if "Official Closing Level Only" is specified as being applicable in 
the Final Terms, the official closing level of the Index on such Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Index Modification" means the Index Sponsor announces that it will make (in the 
opinion of the Issuer) a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating 
the Index or in any other way materially modifies the Index (other than a modification 
prescribed in that formula or method to maintain the Index in the event of changes in 
constituent securities and capitalisation and other routine events). 
"Index Sponsor" means unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms the 
corporation or entity as determined by the Calculation Agent that (a) is responsible for 
setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and 
adjustments, if any, related to the Index and (b) announces (directly or through an agent) 
the level of the Index on a regular basis during each Scheduled Trading Day, failing 
whom such person acceptable to the Calculation Agent who calculates and announces 
the Index or any agent or person acting on behalf of such person. 
"Interest Averaging Dates" means, each of the dates set forth in the Final Terms, if 
any, or if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day, in each case subject to Base Condition 4(j) of the Base Conditions. 
"Medbar Index" or "Proprietary Index" means the Mediobanca absolute return 
index, excess-return, Eur denominated, administered by Mediobanca. The Medbar 
Index reflects the performance of a basket of algorithmic investment strategies (the 
"SubIndices" and each a "SubIndex"), aimed at generating absolute returns. The 
Medbar Index is daily published on Bloomberg (ticker: Medbar <Index>). Each 
SubIndex is calculated and published by a third-party provider (e.g. an investment 
bank), and it is expressed net of underlying fees, in EUR and in excess return format. 
The components of the Medbar Index are selected by the Index Committee gathering 
together at least once a year. Every month the selection and weighting criteria are 
reviewed during a regular rebalancing date. Such components could be changed due to 
SubIndices discontinuity or new entry at Committee's discretion. Once the components

--- Page 305 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 305 - 
47-41009328 
 
are defined, their weights are adjusted according to a volatility driven algorithm. Every 
SubIndex weight is evaluated applying a cap at 35% to the volatility adjusted weight. 
Eventually the exceeding weights are redistributed to the other components, always 
respecting the 35% cap constraint. If this 35% cap constraint is trespassed, an 
extraordinary rebalancing of the Medbar Index has to be triggered in order to adjust the 
weights of the components and comply with the 35% cap constraint. All the 
components with their adjusted volatility weights forms the basket underlying the 
Medbar Index (the "Basket"). 
Once the adjusted volatility weights are defined, the Medbar Index can be calculated. 
The calculation consist in a volatility controlled leveraged weighted average of the 
Basket. The maximum applicable leverage is 300% that can be reduced according the 
volatility of the Basket. The target volatility for the Medbar Index is 5%. The volatility 
controlling mechanism considers the volatility as the maximum of the latest 5 
observations of the standard deviation of the returns. The standard deviation of the 
returns are calculated on the latest 20 observations. 
With an understanding of the features and objectives of the Medbar Index mentioned 
above, the Index Administrator shall determine, in its sole absolute discretion, the 
composition of the basket. To this end, the Index Administrator shall perform an on-
going screening activity of the available algorithmic strategies in order to define the 
subset of candidates that could potentially be comprised in the basket. The strategies 
selected shall satisfy certain requirements in terms of liquidity, transaction costs, bid-
offer spread, track history and Index Administrator's reliability. 
The Index Administrator will follow signals of its quantitative algorithm and 
indications received from the Index Committee to rebalance the Basket weights. 
The composition of the Basket and the calculation of the Medbar Index will be 
performed in order to target a realised annual volatility of 5%. 
The Medbar Index is calculated and published on each Business Day, where Business 
Days are defined according to the holidays of the following 4 countries (plus Target 
(TE)): UK (GB), USA (US), Japan (JN) and Germany (GE)) – ("Business Day"). The 
Index Administrator has established a control framework for the Index calculation and 
publication. 
For the purpose of Medbar Index definition: 
"Index Administrator" means Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A.; and 
"Index Committee" means a Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
committee which comprises 3 (three) members: one representative from each 
trading/sales department, middle office function and risk management function. 
"Market Disruption Event" means the occurrence or existence on any Scheduled 
Trading Day of (i) a Trading Disruption or (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which in either 
case the Calculation Agent determines in its sole discretion is material at any time 
during the one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time or (iii) an Early 
Closure, provided that, if "Multi-Exchange Index" is specified in the Final Terms, the 
securities comprised in the Index in respect of which an Early Closure, an Exchange

--- Page 306 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 306 - 
47-41009328 
 
Disruption and/or a Trading Disruption occurs or exists amount, in the determination 
of the Issuer, in aggregate to 20 per cent. or more of the level of the Index. For the 
purpose of determining whether a Market Disruption Event exists at any time in respect 
of a security included in the Index at any time, then the relevant percentage contribution 
of that security to the level of the Index shall be based on a comparison of (x) the portion 
of the level of the Index attributable to that security and (y) the overall level of the 
Index, in each case immediately before the occurrence of such Market Disruption 
Event, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Observation Date" means each date, if any, specified as such in the Final Terms, or 
if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading 
Day, in each case subject to Base Condition 4(j) of the Base Conditions. 
"Observation Period" has the meaning ascribed to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Related Exchange" means each exchange or quotation system as the Calculation 
Agent determines on which trading has a material effect (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to the 
Index, or such other options or futures exchange(s) as the Issuer may select, any 
transferee or successor to any such exchange or quotation system or any substitute 
exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating 
to the Index has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has 
determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts 
relating to the Index on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on 
the original Related Exchange). 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means in respect of the relevant Exchange(s) or a Related 
Exchange and a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of the 
relevant Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, 
without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading session 
hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means (i) if "Multi-Exchange Index" is specified in the 
Final Terms, any day on which the Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of 
the Index and each Related Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular 
trading session and (ii) if "Non Multi- Exchange Index" is specified in the Final Terms, 
any day on which the Exchange and each Related Exchange is scheduled to be open for 
trading for its regular trading session. 
"Strike Date" means the date (if any) specified as such in the Final Terms, or if such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day, in 
each case subject to Base Condition 4(j) of the Base Conditions. 
"Strike Price" means the price (if any) specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Successor Index" means where the Index is (i) not calculated and announced by the 
Index Sponsor but is calculated and announced by a successor sponsor acceptable to 
the Calculation Agent or (ii) replaced by a successor index using, in the determination 
of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for and method of 
calculation as used in the calculation of the Index, such successor index or index 
calculated and announced by the successor sponsor.

--- Page 307 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 307 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Trading Disruption" means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by 
an Exchange or a Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements 
in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or the relevant Related 
Exchange or otherwise (i) if "Multi- Exchange Index" is specified in the Final Terms, 
on any relevant Exchange(s) relating to any security comprised in the Index or, if "Non 
Multi-Exchange Index" is specified in the Final Terms, on the Exchange relating to 
securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the Index, or (ii) in futures 
or options contracts relating to the Index on a Related Exchange. 
"Valuation Time" means the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant date. If the 
relevant Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time, and the specified 
Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular trading session, then 
(subject to Base Condition 4(j) of the Base Conditions) the Valuation Time shall be 
such actual closing time. 
4. 
DISRUPTED DAYS 
For the purposes of the Notes, Base Condition 4 of the Base Conditions shall be 
amended by the addition of a new Base Condition 4(j) as follows: 
"(j) 
Disrupted Days 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any Calculation Date in respect of the 
Index or one or more Indices comprised in the Basket is a Disrupted Day, then 
the relevant Calculation Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading 
Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the eight Scheduled Trading 
Days immediately following the original date that, but for the determination by 
the Calculation Agent of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, would have been 
the relevant Calculation Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
(a) 
that eighth Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Calculation Date in respect of the Index or Indices, as the case may be, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the level of the Index or Indices, 
as the case may be, on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day in accordance 
with the formula for and method of calculating such Index last in effect 
prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange-
traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled 
Trading Day of each security comprised in such Index (or, if the 
Calculation Agent determines that an event giving rise to a Disrupted 
Day has occurred in respect of a relevant security on that eighth 
Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value for the 
relevant security as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled 
Trading Day); and/or 
(c) 
the Issuer may make any adjustment or adjustments to the Final 
Redemption Amount, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount, any 
Index Level, the Strike Price and/or any other relevant term of the Notes 
(including the amount of interest payable, if any) as it deems necessary.

--- Page 308 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 308 - 
47-41009328 
 
Notwithstanding the provisions of any other Condition, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that a Disrupted Day has occurred on any relevant Calculation Date 
payment of the Final Redemption Amount, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount 
(if such amount is payable) and/or any amount of interest (if the payment of interest is 
index-linked), as the case may be, shall be postponed to the later of (i) the Maturity 
Date, the Automatic Early Redemption Date and/or the relevant Interest Payment Date 
and (ii) the date that is three Business Days (or such other period specified in the Final 
Terms) following the relevant postponed Calculation Date. For the avoidance of doubt, 
no additional amounts shall be payable in respect of the postponement of any payment 
of the Final Redemption Amount, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount and/or any 
amount of interest in accordance with this Base Condition 4(j) of the Base Conditions. 
The Issuer shall give notice to the holders of the Notes, in accordance with Base 
Condition 12 of the Base Conditions, of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day if it results 
in the postponement of any payment in respect of the Notes and/or any adjustment to 
any term of the Notes pursuant to this Base Condition 4(j).". 
5. 
ADJUSTMENTS, 
CONSEQUENCES 
OF 
CERTAIN 
EVENTS 
AND 
CURRENCY 
For the purposes of the Notes, Base Condition 4 of the Base Conditions shall be 
amended by the addition of a new Base Condition 4(o) as follows: 
"(o) 
Adjustments, Early Redemption and Currency 
(i) 
Adjustments and Early Redemption 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event, Index 
Modification, Index Cancellation or Index Disruption has occurred or any other 
event or events occur which the Calculation Agent determines necessitate(s) an 
adjustment or adjustments to the Final Redemption Amount, the Automatic 
Early Redemption Amount (if such amount is payable), the Strike Price, any 
Index Level and/or any other relevant term of the Notes (including the amount 
of interest payable, if any) (each such other event, a "Relevant Event"), the 
Issuer, at its discretion, may: 
(a) 
make any adjustment or adjustments to the Final Redemption Amount, 
the Automatic Early Redemption Amount (if such amount is payable), 
the Strike Price, any Index Level and/or any other relevant term of the 
Notes (including the amount of interest payable, if any) as it deems 
necessary; and/or 
(b) 
redeem each Note at its fair market value (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) as at the date of redemption taking into account the 
occurrence of such Additional Disruption Event, Index Modification, 
Index Cancellation, Index Disruption or Relevant Event, as applicable, 
less, unless specified otherwise in the Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer 
(or the Guarantor) of amending or liquidating any Hedging 
Arrangement, together with any costs, expenses, fees or taxes incurred 
by the Issuer (or the Guarantor) in respect of any such Hedging 
Arrangement.

--- Page 309 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 309 - 
47-41009328 
 
Notice of any determination pursuant to this Base Condition 4(k)(i), any such 
adjustment and/or any redemption of the Notes hereunder shall be given to 
Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 12 of the Base Conditions. 
(ii) 
Change of Exchange 
If the or an Exchange is changed, the Issuer may make such consequential 
modifications to any of the Strike Price, Final Redemption Amount, Valuation 
Time and such other terms and conditions of the Notes (including the amount 
of interest payable, if any) as it may deem necessary. 
(iii) 
Price Correction 
In the event that any price or level published on the relevant Exchange(s) or by 
the Index Sponsor and which is utilised for any calculation or determination 
made under the Notes is subsequently corrected and the correction is published 
by the relevant Exchange(s) or Index Sponsor(s) within three Business Days (or 
such other period specified in the Final Terms) after the original publication, 
the Calculation Agent will determine the amount (if any) that is payable 
following that correction, and, to the extent necessary, the Issuer will adjust the 
terms and conditions of the Notes to account for such correction. 
(iv) 
Currency 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any event occurs affecting the Relevant 
Currency (whether relating to its convertibility into other currencies or 
otherwise) which the Calculation Agent determines necessitates an adjustment 
or adjustments to the Final Redemption Amount, Strike Price and/or any other 
relevant term of the Notes (including the date on which any amount is payable 
by the Issuer and the amount of interest payable, if any), the Issuer may make 
such adjustment or adjustments to the Final Redemption Amount, Strike Price 
and/or any other relevant term of the Notes (including the amount of interest 
payable, if any) as it deems necessary. The Issuer shall give notice to the holders 
of the Notes of any such adjustment in accordance with Base Condition 12 of 
the Base Conditions.". 
6. 
AUTOMATIC EARLY REDEMPTION 
For the purposes of the Notes, if "Automatic Early Redemption" is specified as being 
applicable in the Final Terms, Base Condition 5 of the Base Conditions shall be 
amended by the addition of a new Base Condition 4(o) as follows: 
"(o) 
Automatic Early Redemption: 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if on any Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date or during any Observation Period the 
Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, then the Notes will be automatically 
redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the Automatic Early Redemption Date 
immediately following such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or (in 
the case of the occurrence of an Automatic Early Redemption Event during an 
Observation Period) on the date that is five Business Days (or such other period

--- Page 310 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 310 - 
47-41009328 
 
as is specified in the applicable Final Terms) following the occurrence of such 
Automatic Early Redemption Event, and in any such case the Final Redemption 
Amount payable by the Issuer on such date upon redemption of each Note shall 
be an amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Amount.". 
7. 
INDEX DISCLAIMER 
The Notes are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by the Index or the Indices 
comprising the Basket or the relevant Index Sponsor and the Index Sponsor has made 
no representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, either as to the results to be 
obtained from the use of the Index and/or the levels at which the Index stands at any 
particular time on any particular date or otherwise. The Index Sponsor shall not be liable 
(whether in negligence or otherwise) to any person for any error in the Index and the 
Index Sponsor is under no obligation to advise any person of any error therein. The 
Index Sponsor has made no representation whatsoever whether express or implied, as 
to the advisability of purchasing or assuming any risk in connection with the Notes. 
Neither the Issuer, nor the Guarantor nor the Calculation Agent shall have any liability 
to any person for any act or failure to act by the Index Sponsor in connection with the 
calculation, adjustment or maintenance of the Index. Neither the Issuer, nor the 
Guarantor nor the Calculation Agent has any affiliation with or control over the Index 
or the Index Sponsor or any control over the computation, composition or dissemination 
of the Index. Although the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Calculation Agent will obtain 
information concerning the Index from publicly available sources they believe to be 
reliable, they will not independently verify this information.

--- Page 311 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 311 - 
47-41009328 
 
CHAPTER 5 – FUND LINKED NOTES 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF FUND LINKED NOTES 
The following terms and conditions apply to Fund Linked Notes issued by the Issuer and 
comprise the Terms and Conditions set out in Chapter 2 (the "Base Conditions"), the specific 
terms and conditions set out below (the "Fund Linked Conditions"), any of the specific terms 
and conditions set out in Chapters 3, 4, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11 and 12 (if applicable and so specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) and the specific terms and conditions for Physical Delivery Notes set 
out in Chapter 13 (if applicable), in each case subject to completion in the applicable Final 
Terms. The Final Terms shall comprise the general form of Final Terms set out in Part 2 of 
Chapter 2, completed to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. In the 
event of any inconsistency between the Base Conditions and the Fund Linked Conditions, the 
Fund Linked Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Base 
Conditions and/or the Fund Linked Conditions; and (ii) the Final Terms, the Final Terms shall 
prevail. 
1. 
FINAL REDEMPTION 
Subject to any applicable automatic redemption and/or early redemption and/or put 
options and/or call options set forth in the relevant Final Terms not having occurred 
prior to the Maturity Date or any other applicable date specified in the Final Terms, for 
the purposes of Base Condition 4(b) of the Base Conditions the Final Redemption 
Amount payable per Note on the Maturity Date shall be an amount in the Relevant 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the applicable Final 
Redemption Formula, for which purposes: 
"Final Valuation Date" means: 
(1) 
with respect to Fund Linked Notes which are linked to a single Fund, (i) if 
"Single Price" is specified as the Final Price in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Valuation Date; (ii) if "Average Price" is specified as the Final Price in the 
applicable Final Terms, each of the Averaging Dates; or 
(2) 
with respect to Fund Linked Notes which are linked to a Basket Portfolio: 
(a) 
if Notional Fund Price is not specified as being applicable in the Final 
Terms (A) if "Single Price" is specified as the Final Price in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Valuation Date; or (B) if "Average Price" is 
specified as the Final Price in the applicable Final Terms, each of the 
Averaging Dates; or 
(b) 
if Notional Fund Price is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms 
(A) if "Single Price" is specified as the Final Price in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Valuation Date; or (B) if "Average Price" is specified as the 
Final Price in the applicable Final Terms, each of the Averaging Dates; 
"Initial Valuation Date" means the Strike Date.

--- Page 312 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 312 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Settlement Price" means: 
(i) 
with respect to Fund Linked Notes which are linked to a single Fund, the Final 
Price; or 
(ii) 
with respect to Fund Linked Notes which are linked to a Basket Portfolio, (a) if 
Notional Fund Price is not specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the 
Final Basket Price or (b) if Notional Fund Price is specified as being applicable 
in the Final Terms, the Final Basket Portfolio Interest Price. 
In the case of Notes that are linked to a single Fund, if the Final Redemption Receipt 
Date falls on or after the Latest Permissible Receipt Date, then the Issuer may, 
notwithstanding Base Condition 4(i) of the Base Conditions, postpone the payment of 
the Final Redemption Amount to the date that is that number of Business Days equal to 
the Settlement Period following the earlier of the Final Redemption Receipt Date and 
the Long Stop Date (the "Final Payment Date"). For the avoidance of doubt, no 
additional amounts shall be payable in respect of the postponement of any payment 
from the Maturity Date to the Final Payment Date. If the Calculation Agent determines 
that the Final Redemption Receipt Date falls on or after the Long Stop Date, the Notes 
shall be redeemed at zero or such other amount as the Issuer determines in its sole and 
absolute discretion. 
In the case of Notes that reference a Basket Portfolio, if the Final Redemption Receipt 
Date of one or more of the Funds comprising the Basket Portfolio falls on or after the 
Latest Permissible Receipt Date (each such Fund being a "Delayed Fund"), then, 
notwithstanding Base Condition 4(i) of the Base Conditions, if under Basket Final 
Redemption, the consequence specified is: 
(i) 
"Basket Final Redemption Postponement", the Issuer may postpone payment 
of the Final Redemption Amount to the date that is that number of Business 
Days equal to the Settlement Period following the earlier of the Final 
Redemption Receipt Date in respect of the final Delayed Fund and the Long 
Stop Date (the "Final Basket Payment Date"). For the avoidance of doubt, no 
additional amounts shall be payable in respect of the postponement of any 
payment from the Maturity Date to the Final Basket Payment Date. If the 
Calculation Agent determines that the Final Basket Payment Date would fall on 
or after the Long Stop Date, the Notes shall be redeemed at such amount as the 
Issuer determines in its sole and absolute discretion; or 
(ii) 
"Delayed Fund Redemption Postponement", the Issuer may pay the notional 
redemption proceeds of the Fund Interests that the Issuer would have received 
by the Latest Permissible Receipt Date on the Maturity Date and postpone the 
payment of the notional redemption proceeds of the Delayed Fund(s) to the date 
that is that number of Business Days equal to the Settlement Period following 
the earlier of the Final Redemption Receipt Date in respect of the final Delayed 
Fund and the Long Stop Date (the "Delayed Fund Final Payment Date"). For 
the avoidance of doubt, no additional amounts shall be payable in respect of the 
postponement of any payment from the Maturity Date to the Delayed Fund Final 
Payment Date. If the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Redemption 
Receipt Date in respect of the final Delayed Fund falls on or after the Long Stop

--- Page 313 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 313 - 
47-41009328 
 
Date, the Notes shall be redeemed at such amount as the Issuer determines in its 
sole and absolute discretion. 
For the purposes of this Condition 1 of the Fund Linked Conditions: 
"Averaging Dates" means, in respect of the Calculation Determination Date, each of 
the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, in each case subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Fund Business Day Convention and Base Condition 
4(i) of the Base Conditions. 
"Final Basket Portfolio Interest Price" means: 
(a) 
if "Single Price" is specified as the Final Price in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Basket Portfolio Interest Price, 
(b) 
if "Average Price" is specified as the Final Price in the applicable Final Terms, 
the arithmetic mean of the Basket Portfolio Interest Prices, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Final Basket Price" means: 
(a) 
if "Single Price" is specified as the Final Price in the applicable Final Terms, 
the sum of the amounts calculated as follows in respect of each Fund comprising 
the Basket: 
(i) 
the Interest Price; multiplied by 
(ii) 
the relevant Component Weight; 
(b) 
if "Average Price" is specified as the Final Price in the applicable Final Terms, 
the sum of the amounts calculated as follows in respect of each Fund comprising 
the Basket: 
(i) 
the arithmetic mean of the Interest Prices; multiplied by 
(ii) 
the relevant Component Weight, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Final Price" means: 
(a) 
if "Single Price" is specified as the Final Price in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Interest Price; or 
(b) 
if "Average Price" is specified as the Final Price in the applicable Final Terms, 
the arithmetic mean of the Interest Prices. 
"Final Redemption Receipt Date" means the date on which a holder of a Fund Interest 
would have received the proceeds of a redemption of such Fund Interest deemed to 
have been submitted for redemption on or as soon as reasonably practicable after the 
Valuation Date or final Averaging Date, as the case may be, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent.

--- Page 314 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 314 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Fund" means the entity, collective investment scheme, fund, trust, partnership or 
similar arrangement or undertaking specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or 
any Replacement Fund. 
"Fund Interest" means a unit, share, partnership interest, or other similar direct interest 
in a Fund that entitles the holder of such interest to a share in the net assets of that Fund, 
as specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or such relevant interests in any 
Replacement Fund as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
Condition 6 of the Fund Linked Conditions below. 
"Fund Interest Price" means, on any Fund Business Day, the price of one Fund Interest 
in the Relevant Currency as at that Fund Business Day (subject to the provisions of 
Base Condition 4(i) of the Base Conditions), which shall be equal to the available 
official net asset value of a Fund per Fund Interest for that Fund Business Day, as either 
notified to the Calculation Agent by the relevant Fund Manager or published by or on 
behalf of such Fund, less any applicable costs, expenses or taxes that would be incurred 
by a holder of a Fund Interest in redeeming such Fund Interest, determined by the 
Calculation Agent; provided that if an Investing Entity either makes an investment in, 
or redeems, Fund Interests as of such Fund Business Day at a price per Fund Interest 
that is different from the one so notified or published, the net price per Fund Interest at 
which such investment or redemption is effected shall be treated as the Fund Interest 
Price. 
"Interest Price" means the Fund Interest Price in the case of Notes that reference a 
single Fund and the Basket Interest Price in the case of Notes that reference a Basket 
Portfolio. 
"Latest Permissible Receipt Date" means, in respect of any payment, the date that 
falls the Settlement Period before the Maturity Date or the Early Redemption Date, as 
the case may be. 
"Observation Dates" means the dates specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the Fund Business Day Convention and Base 
Condition 4(i) of the Base Conditions. 
"Settlement Period" means seven Business Days (or such other number of Business 
Days as specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
"Strike Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject 
to adjustment in accordance with the Fund Business Day Convention and Base 
Condition 4(i) of the Base Conditions. 
All other terms shall have the meanings given to them in Condition 4 of these Fund 
Linked Conditions below. 
2. 
INTEREST 
Subject to any applicable automatic redemption and/or early redemption and/or put 
options and/or call options set forth in the Final Terms not having occurred prior to any 
applicable date specified therein, for the purposes of Base Condition 3(f) of the Base 
Conditions the Interest Amount payable per Note on the relevant Interest Payment Date

--- Page 315 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 315 - 
47-41009328 
 
shall be an amount in the Relevant Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the applicable Structured Rate Formula specified in the Final Terms, 
for which purposes: 
"Final Interest Valuation Date" means: 
(i) 
with respect to Fund Linked Notes which are linked to a single Fund, (i) if 
Averaging is not specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Valuation Date; (ii) if Averaging is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, each of the Interest Averaging Dates; or 
(ii) 
with respect to Fund Linked Notes which are linked to a Basket Portfolio: 
(a) 
if Notional Fund Price is not specified as being applicable in the Final 
Terms (A) if Averaging is not specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Valuation Date; or (B) if Averaging is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, each of the 
Interest Averaging Dates; or 
(b) 
if Notional Fund Price is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms 
(A) if "Single Price" is specified as the Final Price in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Valuation Date; or (B) if "Average Price" is specified as the 
Final Price in the applicable Final Terms, each of the Interest Averaging 
Dates; 
"Interest Settlement Price" means: 
(i) 
with respect to Fund Linked Notes which are linked to a single Fund, the Final 
Price; or 
(ii) 
with respect to Fund Linked Notes which are linked to a Basket Portfolio, (a) if 
Notional Fund Price is not specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the 
Final Basket Price or (b) if Notional Fund Price is specified as being applicable 
in the Final Terms, the Final Basket Portfolio Interest Price. 
3. 
EARLY REDEMPTION 
Notwithstanding Base Conditions 4(a) and 8 of the Base Conditions, if (a) the 
Calculation Agent determines that an Early Redemption Event has occurred or is 
continuing, the Calculation Agent shall forthwith give notice as soon as reasonably 
practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 12 of the Base 
Conditions, and each Note shall fall due for redemption on the Early Redemption Date 
at its Early Redemption Amount, or (b) for the purposes of Base Condition 8 of the 
Base Conditions, an Event of Default occurs and is continuing and a Note held by a 
Noteholder is declared to be due and payable, the same shall become due and payable 
on the Early Redemption Date at its Early Redemption Amount. 
In the case of Notes that reference a single Fund, if the Calculation Agent determines 
that the Early Redemption Receipt Date falls on or after the Latest Permissible Receipt 
Date, then the Issuer may postpone the payment of the Early Redemption Amount to 
the date that is that number of Business Days equal to the Settlement Period following 
the earlier of the Early Redemption Receipt Date and the Long Stop Date (the "Final

--- Page 316 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 316 - 
47-41009328 
 
Early Redemption Date"). For the avoidance of doubt, no additional amounts shall be 
payable in respect of the postponement of any payment from the Early Redemption 
Date to the Final Early Redemption Date. If the Calculation Agent determines that the 
Early Redemption Receipt Date falls on or after the Long Stop Date, the Notes shall be 
redeemed at zero or such other amount as the Issuer determines in its sole and absolute 
discretion. 
In the case of Notes that reference a Basket Portfolio, if the Early Redemption Receipt 
Date of one or more of the Funds comprising the Basket Portfolio falls on or after the 
Latest Permissible Receipt Date (each such Fund being a "Delayed Early Redemption 
Fund"), then if under Basket Early Redemption, the consequence specified is: 
(i) 
"Basket Early Redemption Postponement", the Issuer may postpone payment 
of the Early Redemption Amount to the date that is that number of Business 
Days equal to the Settlement Period following the earlier of the Early 
Redemption Receipt Date in respect of the final Delayed Early Redemption 
Fund and the Long Stop Date (the "Final Early Redemption Basket Payment 
Date"). 
For the avoidance of doubt, no additional amounts shall be payable in respect 
of the postponement of any payment from the Early Redemption Date to the 
Final Early Redemption Basket Payment Date. If the Calculation Agent 
determines that the Final Early Redemption Basket Payment Date would fall on 
or after the Long Stop Date, the Notes shall be redeemed at such amount as the 
Issuer determines in its sole and absolute discretion; or 
(ii) 
"Delayed Fund Early Redemption Postponement", the Issuer may pay the 
notional redemption proceeds of the Fund Interests that the Issuer would have 
received by the Latest Permissible Receipt Date on the Early Redemption Date 
and postpone the payment of the notional redemption proceeds of the Delayed 
Fund(s) to the date that is that number of Business Days equal to the Settlement 
Period following the earlier of the Early Redemption Receipt Date in respect of 
the final Delayed Fund and the Long Stop Date (the "Delayed Fund Final 
Early Redemption Date"). For the avoidance of doubt, no additional amounts 
shall be payable in respect of the postponement of any payment from the Early 
Redemption Date to the Delayed Fund Final Early Redemption Date. If the 
Calculation Agent determines that the Early Redemption Receipt Date in 
respect of the final Delayed Fund falls on or after the Long Stop Date, the Notes 
shall be redeemed at such amount as the Issuer determines in its sole and 
absolute discretion. 
Any notice to Noteholders in respect of such a payment shall specify the 
expected date of that payment, which date shall be confirmed by the Issuer in a 
later separate notice to Noteholders. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3 of the Fund Linked Conditions: 
"Associated Costs" means an amount per Note equal to the pro rata share (on the basis 
of the principal amount of the Note and the aggregate principal amount of all Notes 
which have not been redeemed or cancelled as at the date for early redemption) of the 
total amount of any and all costs associated or incurred by the Issuer in connection with

--- Page 317 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 317 - 
47-41009328 
 
such early redemption including, without limitation, any costs associated with 
liquidating or amending any financial instruments or transactions entered into by the 
Issuer in connection with the Notes, together with costs, expenses, fees or taxes incurred 
by the Issuer in respect of any such financial instruments or transactions and any costs 
associated with any market disruption, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each Note, an amount in the 
Relevant Currency equal to the fair market value of such Note less the Associated Costs, 
with such fair market value being determined on the Early Redemption Receipt Date 
(taking into account the occurrence of the Early Redemption Event or Event of Default, 
as the case may be), as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to such 
factor(s) as it may deem appropriate. 
"Early Redemption Date" means the Business Day falling that number of Business 
Days equal to the Settlement Period following the Early Redemption Receipt Date. 
"Early Redemption Event" means: 
(a) 
an event as described in Base Condition 4(c) of the Base Conditions; and 
(b) 
a determination by the Issuer pursuant to (iii) of Condition 7 and (iii) of 
Condition 8.2 of the Fund Linked Conditions below. 
"Early Redemption Receipt Date" means the date on which a holder of a Fund Interest 
would have received the proceeds of a redemption of such Fund Interest deemed to 
have been made on or as soon as reasonably practicable after the date, either (a) in the 
case of an Early Redemption Event, notice of redemption of the Notes given to the 
Noteholders or, if no such date is specified, on which such notice is given or (b) in the 
case of an Event of Default, on which the Notes are declared due and payable, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Long Stop Date" means the date falling two years after the Early Redemption Date or 
the Maturity Date, as the case may be (or such other date as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms). 
4. 
DEFINITIONS 
For the purposes of these Fund Linked Conditions, the following terms shall have the 
meanings set out below: 
"Affiliate" means, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, 
by the person, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the person or any entity 
directly or indirectly under common control with the person. For this purpose "control" 
of any entity or person means ownership of a majority of the voting power of the entity 
or person. 
"Applicable Fund Centers" has the meaning set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Calculation Date" means an Averaging Date, an Interest Averaging Date, an 
Observation Date, the Strike Date, a Weight Rebalancing Date, the Valuation Date or 
any other date on which the Final Price a value of a Fund Interest is required to be 
calculated.

--- Page 318 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 318 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Calculation Determination Date" means the Business Day (or such number of 
Business Days as specified in the applicable Final Terms) following the date on which 
the Interest Price for the Valuation Date or final Averaging Date or Interest Averaging 
Date, as the case may be, is either notified, published or (if the proviso to the definition 
of "Fund Interest Price" applies) the Final Redemption Receipt Date or the Early 
Redemption Receipt Date, as the case may be. 
"Disrupted Day" means any Fund Business Day or, as applicable, Basket Business 
Day on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
"Fund Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the Applicable Fund Centers. 
"Fund Business Day Convention" means as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
where: 
(a) 
"Following" means if the relevant day is not a Fund Business Day or, as 
applicable, Basket Business Day such day shall be postponed to the next day 
which is a Fund Business Day or, as applicable, Basket Business Day; 
(b) 
"Modified Following" means if the relevant day is not a Fund Business Day or, 
as applicable, Basket Business Day such day shall be postponed to the next day 
which is a Fund Business Day or, as applicable, Basket Business Day unless it 
would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such day shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Fund Business Day or, as 
applicable, Basket Business Day; and 
(c) 
"Preceding" means if the relevant day is not a Fund Business Day or, as 
applicable, Basket Business Day such day shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Fund Business Day or, as applicable, Basket Business 
Day. 
"Fund Manager" means (a) the person specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
(b) any other person responsible from time to time for notifying the holders of Fund 
Interests of the relevant net asset value of the Fund or Fund Interests, or (c) the relevant 
manager or person as described in (b) above in respect of any Replacement Fund as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with Condition 7 of the Fund 
Linked Conditions below. 
"Fund Rules" means, with respect to a Fund, the terms of the bye-laws and other 
associated documentation relating to such Fund and any other rules or regulations 
relating to such Fund and the relevant Fund Interests (including any prospectus in 
respect of such) existing on the Issue Date of the Notes, including its investment 
guidelines and restrictions. 
"Hedge Counterparty" means any party to a contract with the Issuer or any of its 
Affiliates under which the Issuer obtains a derivative exposure to Fund Interests and 
includes hedge counterparties of such hedge counterparties.

--- Page 319 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 319 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Investing Entity" means the Issuer, any Affiliate of the Issuer or any Hedge 
Counterparty that holds, redeems or subscribes Fund Interests and references in the 
Fund Linked Conditions to an Investing Entity are to any such entity acting in that 
capacity. 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Fund Business Day, the occurrence 
or continuation, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of: 
(a) 
a failure or postponement that is, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, 
material by a Fund Manager to publish the official net asset value of a Fund per 
Fund Interest in respect of that Fund Business Day (provided that such Fund 
Business Day is a day for which such official net asset value is scheduled to be 
published); or 
(b) 
the inability of a holder of Fund Interests to subscribe for, or redeem, Fund 
Interests for value on that Fund Business Day (provided that such Fund Business 
Day is a day for which subscriptions or redemptions are scheduled to be 
permissible (in accordance with the Fund Rules)); or 
(c) 
a postponement or failure of a Fund to make any payment in respect of the 
redemption of Fund Interests on any day for which such payment is scheduled 
to be made (in accordance with the Fund Rules). 
"Valid Date" means a Fund Business Day which the Calculation Agent determines is 
not a Disrupted Day and on which another Averaging Date or Interest Averaging Date, 
as the case may be, does not or is not deemed to occur. 
"Valuation Date" means the date or the dates specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
5. 
DISRUPTED DAYS 
For the purposes of the Notes, Base Condition 4 of the Base Conditions shall be 
amended by the addition of a new Base Condition 4(i) as follows: 
"(i) 
Disrupted Days 
If the Calculation Agent determines that, subject as provided below, any Calculation 
Date is a Disrupted Day, then such Calculation Date shall be the first succeeding Fund 
Business Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the Fund Business Days falling 
in the Disrupted Period is a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
(a) 
that final Fund Business Day of the Disrupted Period shall be deemed to be such 
Calculation Date in respect of the related Fund Interests, notwithstanding the 
fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the Fund Interest Price as its good faith 
estimate of the relevant Interest Price that would have prevailed, but for the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day, on that final Fund Business Day of the Disrupted 
Period.

--- Page 320 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 320 - 
47-41009328 
 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any Averaging Date or Interest Averaging Date 
is a Disrupted Day, then if under Averaging Date Disruption in the Final Terms the 
consequence specified is: 
(i) 
"Omission", then such Averaging Date or Interest Averaging Date, as the case 
may be, shall be deemed not to be an Averaging Date or Interest Averaging 
Date. If through the operation of this provision no Averaging Date or Interest 
Averaging Date would occur, then the provisions above will apply for the 
purposes of determining the relevant Fund Interest Price for the final Averaging 
Date or Interest Averaging Date as if such final Averaging Date or Interest 
Averaging Date were a Disrupted Day; 
(ii) 
"Postponement", then the provisions above will apply for the purposes of 
determining the relevant Fund Interest Price for that Averaging Date or Interest 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, as if such Averaging Date or Interest 
Averaging Date were a Disrupted Day irrespective of whether, pursuant to such 
determination, that deferred Averaging Date would fall on a date that already is 
or is deemed to be an Averaging Date or Interest Averaging Date, as applicable; 
or 
(iii) 
"Modified Postponement", then the relevant Averaging Date or Interest 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, shall be the first succeeding Valid Date. 
If the first succeeding Valid Date has not occurred as of the final Fund Business Day 
of the Cut-off Period for that original date that, but for the occurrence of another 
Averaging Date, Interest Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the final 
Averaging Date or Interest Averaging Date, as the case may be, then (A) that final Fund 
Business Day of the Cut-off Period shall be deemed to be the relevant Averaging Date 
or Interest Averaging Date (irrespective of whether such day is already an Averaging 
Date or Interest Averaging Date), and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
relevant Fund Interest Price for that Averaging Date or Interest Averaging Date with its 
good faith estimate of the Fund Interest Price that would have prevailed, but for the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day, on that deemed Averaging Date or Interest Averaging 
Date. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Base Condition 4 of the Base Conditions, as 
amended, if the Calculation Agent determines that the Calculation Determination Date 
for any payment falls after the Latest Permissible Determination Date, such payment 
shall be postponed to the date that is the number of Business Days equal to the 
Settlement Period, following the Calculation Determination Date. For the avoidance of 
doubt, no additional amounts shall be payable in respect of the postponement of any 
payment. The Issuer shall give notice to the holders of the Notes, in accordance with 
Base Condition 12 of the Base Conditions, of any delay that results in the postponement 
of any payment in respect of the Notes." 
For the purpose of this Base Condition 4(i): 
"Cut-off Period" means the Disrupted Period or such different number of Fund 
Business Days as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 321 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 321 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Disrupted Period" means the period comprising the number of Fund Business Days 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, commencing on (and including) the 
day immediately following the original date that, but for the determination by the Issuer 
of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, would have been the Strike Date, an Observation 
Date, the Valuation Date or such Averaging Date or Interest Averaging Date, as the 
case may be. 
"Latest Permissible Determination Date" means, in respect of any payment, the date 
that falls the number of Business Days equal to the Settlement Period before the 
relevant payment falls due.". 
6. 
Adjustments 
For the purposes of the Notes, Base Condition 4 of the Base Conditions shall be 
amended by the addition of a new Base Condition 4(j) as follows: 
"(j) 
Adjustments 
If the Calculation Agent determines that, in respect of a Fund, a Corporate Event 
has occurred or is continuing, the Calculation Agent will (a) make the 
corresponding adjustment(s), if any, to any one or more of the Redemption 
Amount, the Early Redemption Amount (if any) and/or any of the terms and 
conditions of the Notes as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to 
account for the dilutive or concentrative effect on the value of Fund Interests 
and (b) determine the effective date(s) of the adjustment(s). The Issuer shall 
give notice of such adjustment to Noteholders in accordance with Base 
Condition 12 of the Base Conditions. For the avoidance of doubt, if Corporate 
Event is also specified as a Substitution Event in the Final Terms, the provisions 
of Condition 7 of the Fund Linked Conditions shall prevail." 
7. 
Inclusion Conditions and Substitution Events 
If at any time the Calculation Agent determines that an applicable Substitution Event 
has occurred or is continuing with respect to a Fund, the Calculation Agent may: 
(i) 
waive such Substitution Event; or 
(ii) 
as soon as is practicable after such determination, replace such Fund for the 
purposes of the Notes with an appropriate alternative fund (a "Replacement 
Fund"), as determined by the Calculation Agent and following any such 
replacement, the Calculation Agent may make any adjustments to the terms and 
conditions of the Notes as it deems appropriate to reflect such replacement; or 
(iii) 
determine that the Notes shall become due for redemption in accordance with 
Condition 2 of these Fund Linked Conditions; or 
(iv) 
determine that the effect of the Substitution Event can be compensated by an 
adjustment to the terms and conditions of the Notes and following any such 
determination, the Calculation Agent may make any adjustments to the terms 
and conditions of the Notes as it deems appropriate to reflect such 
compensation.

--- Page 322 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 322 - 
47-41009328 
 
A Substitution Event is applicable in respect of the Notes if it is so specified in the Final 
Terms, where such term so specified shall have the meaning provided immediately 
below. If no Substitution Event is specified, then no Substitution Event will be deemed 
to have been specified. If one or more Substitution Events are specified, only the 
Substitution Events specified will apply. For these purposes: 
"Audit Event" means the making of any reservation in an audit report of a Fund by the 
auditors of that Fund that is, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, material; 
"Charging Change" means the increase of, or introduction by a Fund of (a) a bid/offer 
spread or (b) charges for subscription or redemption orders made by an Investing Entity, 
for Fund Interests in addition to any such spread or charge specified in the Fund Rules 
as applicable on the Issue Date; 
"Corporate Event" means a declaration by or on behalf of a Fund of: 
(i) 
a subdivision, consolidation, reclassification or distribution of the relevant Fund 
Interests which has a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of 
such Fund Interests; 
(ii) 
a (1) dividend (including cash, and whether ordinary or extraordinary), (2) 
distribution or (3) issue of the relevant Fund Interests, capital, securities, rights 
or other assets or interests to existing holders of the relevant Fund Interests that 
has or is likely to have an effect on the value of such Fund Interest; or 
(iii) 
a call by a Fund in respect of the relevant Fund Interests that are not fully paid; 
"Cross-contamination" means any cross-contamination or other failure by a Fund to 
effectively segregate assets between the different classes of Fund Interests and different 
classes, series or compartments of that Fund; 
"Currency Change" means the currency in which (a) Fund Interests are denominated 
or (b) the net asset value of a Fund is calculated, is no longer the currency specified in 
the Fund Rules; 
"Distribution Inkind" means a redemption of Fund Interests in the form of a 
distribution of non-cash assets; 
"Fund Accounting Event" means any changes in the accounting principles or policies 
applicable to a Fund and/or its Fund Manager and/or any Investing Entity which might 
reasonably be expected to have an economic, legal or regulatory impact for the Issuer; 
"Fund Constitution Breach" means any failure to observe any of the objects, 
constitution, conditions, nature, or Fund Rules of a Fund that is, in the determination of 
the Calculation Agent, material; 
"Fund Constitution Change" means any modification of the objects, constitution, 
conditions, nature, or Fund Rules of a Fund that is, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, material;

--- Page 323 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 323 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Fund Regulatory Event" means any changes in the regulatory treatment applicable 
to a Fund and/or its Fund Manager and/or any Investing Entity which might reasonably 
be expected to have an economic, legal or regulatory impact for the Issuer; 
"Fund Rules Breach" means any failure of the Fund Manager of a Fund to comply 
with any terms set out in the Fund Rules of that Fund; 
"Fund Strategy Breach" means any failure to observe any of the investment 
objectives, policies or strategy of a Fund that is, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, material; 
"Fund Strategy Change" means any modification of the investment objectives, 
policies or strategy of a Fund that is, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, 
material; 
"Fund Tax Event" means any changes in the tax treatment applicable to a Fund and/or 
its Fund Manager and/or any Investing Entity which might reasonably be expected to 
have an economic, legal or regulatory impact for the Issuer; 
"Hedging Event" means the Issuer is unable, or would incur an increased cost 
(compared with that on the Issue Date), to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of, in such size and upon such timing as it determines 
appropriate, any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the risk of 
entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (b) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s) upon such timing 
and in such form as it determines appropriate, whether or not in accordance with the 
Fund Rules; 
"Investor Tax Event" means any changes in the regulatory, tax, accounting and/or any 
other treatment applicable to the holder of Fund Interests, which could have an 
economic or legal or regulatory impact for such holder; 
"Litigation Event" means the commencement or continuation of litigation involving a 
Fund, Fund Manager or other service provider of that Fund that is, in the determination 
of the Calculation Agent, material; 
"Management Change" means the occurrence of any event or the making of any 
changes affecting the structure of a Fund, its management, its material service 
providers, its reputation or solvency and/or the structure of, or rights attaching to, any 
shares in the capital of a Fund, which, in the reasonable opinion of the Calculation 
Agent is likely to have a significant impact on the value of the Fund Interests of such 
Fund, whether immediately or later; 
"Mandatory Disposal" means any event or circumstance (whether or not imposed by 
the Fund, or in accordance with the Fund Rules) that obliges the holder of Fund Interests 
to sell or otherwise dispose of such Fund Interests; 
"Market Event" means any crisis in the major financial markets such that the holding, 
trading or managing of an investment in a Fund is impracticable, inadvisable or 
materially altered;

--- Page 324 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 324 - 
47-41009328 
 
"NAV Suspension" means suspension of the calculation or publication of the net asset 
value of a Fund, or failure by its Fund Manager, its administrator or any relevant entity 
duly appointed in that respect to deliver when due any relevant report detailing the net 
asset value of that Fund; 
"Performance Failure" means any failure of the Fund Manager, administrator and/or 
the custodian (and/or other relevant service provider, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) of a Fund to perform any of its material obligations under the Fund Rules or the 
liquidation, termination of appointment or resignation of the Fund Manager, 
administrator, custodian and/or a relevant service provider of such Fund; 
"Potential Regulatory Event" means an investigation into the activities of a Fund, its 
Fund Manager, its custodian and/or its administrator being launched, or such activities 
being placed under review, in each case by their respective regulatory authorities or 
other competent body, for reason of alleged wrong-doing, alleged breach of any rule or 
regulation, or other similar reason; 
"Redemption Failure" means a holder of Fund Interests would be unable to receive 
redemption payments in respect of such Fund Interests; 
"Regulatory Event" means the winding-up, the closure or the termination of a Fund or 
the cancellation of the approval or registration of a Fund or its Fund Manager (or any 
successor thereto) by any relevant regulatory authority; 
"Subscription/Redemption Alteration" means any subscription or redemption orders 
with respect to Fund Interests are not executed as described in the Fund Rules for that 
Fund; 
"Subscription/Redemption Restriction" means any suspension of, or any restriction 
on, the acceptance of subscriptions or redemptions for Fund Interests or any limitation 
imposed on such subscription or redemptions (whether or not in accordance with the 
Fund Rules); or 
"Transfer Restriction" means suspension of, or any restriction on, the ability of a 
holder of Fund Interests to transfer any such Fund Interests, other than in accordance 
with the Fund Rules. 
8. 
BASKET PORTFOLIO 
If Basket Portfolio is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer will 
establish and maintain a notional basket portfolio (the "Basket Portfolio") in respect 
of the Notes that shall comprise a notional investment in a basket of Funds. The Basket 
Portfolio will be notionally subdivided into interests (each a "Basket Portfolio 
Interest"). The value from time to time of a Basket Portfolio Interest (the "Basket 
Portfolio Interest Price") will be equal to the Basket Value divided by the Number of 
Basket Portfolio Interests. The value of the Basket Portfolio (the "Basket Value") shall 
initially equal the Initial Basket Value and subsequently shall equal the sum of the Fund 
Values. The Initial Number of Basket Portfolio Interests equals the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Notes divided by the Specified Denomination, unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. On each occasion on which there is a notional 
redemption or subscription of Basket Portfolio Interests, the Number of Basket

--- Page 325 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 325 - 
47-41009328 
 
Portfolio Interests will be increased (in the case of a subscription) or decreased (in the 
case of a redemption) by the amount of such subscription or redemption divided by the 
Basket Portfolio Interest Price. Basket Portfolio Interests may only be notionally 
redeemed or subscribed on a Basket Business Day. 
The Funds included in the Basket Portfolio and their respective Weights as of the Strike 
Date (the "Initial Weights") will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. The "Initial 
Number of Fund Interests" for each Fund will be determined in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Initial Basket Value x Initial Weight/Fund Interest Price at which the relevant Fund 
Interest is notionally purchased on the Strike Date. 
The Number of Fund Interests will change over time (i) on the notional redemption or 
subscription of Basket Portfolio Interests or (ii) on a Weight Rebalancing, including 
following a Basket Substitution Event as set out below. If any notional redemption or 
subscription of Basket Portfolio Interests does not fall on a Weight Rebalancing Date, 
the Issuer shall notionally redeem or subscribe, as the case may be, a pro rata number 
of each Fund's Fund Interests in the Basket Portfolio equal to the proportion of Basket 
Portfolio Interests redeemed or subscribed. Otherwise, the redemption or subscription 
of Fund Interests shall be effected in accordance with the Weight Rebalancing 
provisions in Condition 8 of these Fund Linked Conditions set out below such that the 
number of Fund Interests redeemed or subscribed in each Fund shall be such number 
that will result in the Fund having the Weight required by the Weight Rebalancing 
provisions in Condition 8.1 of these Fund Linked Conditions. 
Where: 
"Basket Business Day" has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Fund Value" means, in relation to each Fund included in a Basket Portfolio, the 
product of the Number of Fund Interests and the Fund Interest Price for that Fund. 
"Initial Basket Value" means the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes (or such 
other amount as specified in the relevant Final Terms). 
"Number of Basket Portfolio Interests" equals the Initial Basket Value divided by the 
initial Basket Portfolio Interest Price. 
"Number of Fund Interests" means, in relation to each Fund included in the Basket 
Portfolio, the number of Fund Interests in such Fund included in the Basket Portfolio 
as determined above. 
"Weight" means, in relation to each Fund included in the Basket Portfolio, the 
percentage of the Basket Value comprised by the related Fund Value. 
"Weight Rebalancing Date" has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
8.1 
Weight Rebalancing 
The Weight of each Fund in a Basket Portfolio may be adjusted on each Weight 
Rebalancing Date in accordance with the following provisions, provided that the sum

--- Page 326 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 326 - 
47-41009328 
 
of the Weights of all the Funds in the Basket Portfolio shall always be 100 per cent. and 
each rebalancing shall involve a notional subscription of Fund Interests (where the 
weight of a Fund is to increase) or redemption of Fund Interests (where the weight of a 
Fund is to decrease) in each Fund the Weight of which is to be rebalanced such that the 
Basket Value is not affected by the rebalancing (although it may be affected by changes 
in individual Fund Interest Prices that occur during the rebalancing). 
(i) 
No Weight Rebalancing: If "No Weight Rebalancing" is specified as being 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, Weight Rebalancing will not be 
applicable. 
(ii) 
Standard Weight Rebalancing: If "Standard Weight Rebalancing" is specified 
as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Weight of each Fund within 
the Basket Portfolio on a Weight Rebalancing Date shall be adjusted so that it 
equals the Weight of such Fund on the Weight Rebalancing Date immediately 
prior to the Weight Rebalancing Date after the application of the relevant 
Weight Rebalancing provisions as of such prior Weight Rebalancing Date. 
Where no Weight Rebalancing Date has occurred prior to the Weight 
Rebalancing Date or if Standard Weight Rebalancing is the only applicable 
Weight Rebalancing provision during the term of the Notes, the Weight of each 
Fund within the Basket Portfolio on the Weight Rebalancing Date shall be 
adjusted so that it equals its Initial Weight. 
(iii) 
Active Weight Rebalancing: If "Active Weight Rebalancing" is specified as 
being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, a third party, which, for the 
avoidance of doubt, shall not be acting as an agent for the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent or any of their affiliates and will not hold itself out as an agent for the 
Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any of their affiliates, as designated in the 
relevant Final Terms ("Active Weight Rebalancing Entity") may on providing 
the Calculation Agent with such written notice ("Active Weight Rebalancing 
Written Notice") as specified in the relevant Final Terms prior to a Weight 
Rebalancing Date, adjust the Weights applying to each Fund in the Basket 
Portfolio on a Weight Rebalancing Date, provided that immediately following 
such Active Weight Rebalancing the composition of the Basket Portfolio 
complies with the Investment Restrictions. If no Active Weight Rebalancing 
Written Notice has been received by the Calculation Agent prior to a Weight 
Rebalancing Date or if an Active Weight Rebalancing Written Notice does not 
comply with the Investment Guidelines, Fallback Active Weight Rebalancing 
will apply. 
Where: 
"Active Weight Rebalancing Entity" has the meaning specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Active Weight Rebalancing Written Notice" means 100 calendar days unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Fallback Active Weight Rebalancing" means No Weight Rebalancing unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 327 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 327 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Investment Restrictions" has the meaning specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
(iv) 
Standard Weight Rebalancing subject to Thresholds: If "Standard Weight 
Rebalancing subject to Thresholds" is specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms and the difference between the Weight of any Fund on a 
Weight Rebalancing Date and the Weight of such Fund on the previous Weight 
Rebalancing Date on which there was a rebalancing is more than the Threshold 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Weight of each Fund within the 
Basket Portfolio on that Weight Rebalancing Date shall be adjusted so that it 
equals the Weight of such Fund on the most recent Weight Rebalancing Date 
prior to the Weight Rebalancing Date on which there was a rebalancing after 
the application of the relevant Weight Rebalancing provisions as of such prior 
Weight Rebalancing Date. Where no Weight Rebalancing Date has occurred 
prior to the Weight Rebalancing Date or if Standard Weight Rebalancing is the 
only applicable Weight Rebalancing provision during the term of the Notes, the 
Weight of each Fund within the Basket Portfolio on the Weight Rebalancing 
Date shall be adjusted (subject to the threshold) so that it equals its Initial 
Weight. 
8.2 
Basket Substitution Events 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Substitution Event as defined in Condition 7 
of these Fund Linked Conditions has occurred in relation to a Fund in the Basket 
Portfolio at such time (the "Original Fund") then the Calculation Agent may: 
(i) 
waive such Substitution Event; or 
(ii) 
remove such Fund from the Basket Portfolio with effect as soon as reasonably 
practicable and, as soon as reasonably practicable following the removal of such 
Fund, either: 
(a) 
substitute such Fund with a Replacement Fund having the same weight 
as the Original Fund or more than one Replacement Fund having 
individual Weights selected by the Calculation Agent and an aggregate 
Weight equal to the Original Fund; or 
(b) 
if no Replacement Fund is available or if a Fund Substitution Event has 
occurred in relation to each of the Replacement Funds, adjust the 
Weights of the remaining Funds in the Basket Portfolio; 
and following any such replacement or weight adjustment, the Calculation Agent may 
make any adjustments to the terms and conditions of the Notes as it deems appropriate 
to reflect such replacement or weight adjustment; or 
(iii) 
determine that the Notes shall become due for redemption in accordance with 
Condition 2 of these Fund Linked Conditions above; or 
(iv) 
determine that the effect of the Substitution Event can be compensated by an 
adjustment to the terms and conditions of the Notes and following any such 
determination, the Calculation Agent may make any adjustments to the terms

--- Page 328 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 328 - 
47-41009328 
 
and conditions of the Notes as it deems appropriate to reflect such 
compensation. 
As of such date of replacement of the Original Fund with one or more Replacement 
Funds, the Replacement Fund (or where more than one Replacement Fund is used, the 
Replacement Funds together) will be deemed to be the Original Fund for the purposes 
of this Condition 8.2 of these Fund Linked Conditions. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer or the Calculation Agent are under no obligation 
to monitor whether or not a Substitution Event has occurred in respect of any Fund. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent shall be liable to any Noteholder for losses 
resulting from (i) any determination that the Substitution Event has occurred or has not 
occurred in relation to a Fund, (ii) the timing relating to the determination that a 
Substitution Event has occurred in relation to a Fund or (iii) any actions taken or not 
taken by the Issuer as a result of such determination that a Substitution Event has 
occurred. 
8.3 
Basket Adjustments 
For the purposes of the Notes, Base Condition 4 of the Base Conditions shall be 
amended by the addition of a new Base Condition 4(o) as follows: 
"(o) 
Basket Adjustments 
If the Calculation Agent determines that, in respect of a Fund in the Basket 
Portfolio, a Corporate Event has occurred or is continuing, the Calculation 
Agent will (a) make the corresponding adjustment(s), if any, to any one or more 
of the Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount (if any) and/or any 
other provision as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for 
the dilutive or concentrative effect on the value of the relevant Fund Interests 
and (b) determine the effective date(s) of the adjustment(s). The Issuer shall 
give notice of such adjustment to Noteholders in accordance with Base 
Condition 12 of the Base Conditions. For the avoidance of doubt, if Corporate 
Event is also specified as a Substitution Event in the Final Terms, the provisions 
of Condition 6.2 of these Fund Linked Conditions shall prevail.". 
8.4 
Basket Portfolio Disrupted Days 
For the purposes of the Notes, Base Condition 4 of the Base Conditions shall be 
amended by the addition of a new Base Condition 4(l) as follows: 
"(l) 
Basket Portfolio Disruption 
If the Calculation Agent determines that, subject as provided below, any Calculation 
Date in respect of any Fund Interest in the Basket Portfolio is a Disrupted Day (each an 
"Affected Fund Interest"), then: 
(i) 
if "Affected Fund Disruption" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Calculation Date in respect of the Affected Fund Interest only shall be 
the first succeeding relevant Fund Business Day that is not a Disrupted Day, 
unless each of the relevant Fund Business Days falling in the Disrupted Period 
is a Disrupted Day. In that case (a) the final Fund Business Day of the Disrupted

--- Page 329 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 329 - 
47-41009328 
 
Period shall be deemed to be the relevant Calculation Date in respect of the 
Affected Fund Interest, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted 
Day and (b) the Calculation Agent shall determine the Fund Interest Price of the 
Affected Fund Interest as its good faith estimate of the Fund Interest Price of 
the Affected Fund Interest that would have prevailed, but for the occurrence of 
a Disrupted Day, on that final Fund Business Day of the Disrupted Period (the 
"Affected Fund Calculation Date"). The related Basket Value shall be 
determined on the Affected Fund Calculation Date and the Fund Values for all 
Fund Interests that are not Affected Fund Interests shall be determined on the 
relevant scheduled Calculation Date. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any Averaging Date or Interest 
Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day and Affected Fund Disruption is specified, 
then if under Basket Averaging Date Disruption in the Final Terms the 
consequence specified is: 
(A) 
"Affected Fund Omission", then such Averaging Date or Interest 
Averaging Date shall be deemed not to be an Averaging Date or Interest 
Averaging Date, in relation to the Affected Fund only. If through the 
operation of this provision no Averaging Date or Interest Averaging 
Date would occur in relation to such Affected Fund, then the provisions 
above will apply for the purposes of determining the relevant Fund 
Interest Price for the final Averaging Date or Interest Averaging Date as 
if such final Averaging Date or Interest Averaging Date were a 
Disrupted Day; 
(B) 
"Affected Fund Postponement", then the provisions above will apply 
for the purposes of determining the relevant Fund Interest Price of the 
relevant Affected Fund Interest only for that Averaging Date or Interest 
Averaging Date, as if such Averaging Date or Interest Averaging Date 
were a Disrupted Day irrespective of whether, pursuant to such 
determination, that deferred Averaging Date or Interest Averaging Date 
would fall on a date that already is or is deemed to be an Averaging Date 
or Interest Averaging Date; or 
(C) 
"Affected Fund Modified Postponement", then the relevant Averaging 
Date or Interest Averaging Date for the relevant Affected Fund Interest 
only shall be the first succeeding Valid Date. If the first succeeding 
Valid Date has not occurred as of the final Fund Business Day of the 
Cut-off Period for that original date that, but for the occurrence of 
another Averaging Date or Interest Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, 
would have been the final Averaging Date or Interest Averaging Date 
then (A) that final Fund Business Day of the Cut-off Period shall be 
deemed to be the relevant Averaging Date or Interest Averaging Date 
(irrespective of whether such day is already an Averaging Date or 
Interest Averaging Date), and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine 
the relevant Fund Interest Price of the relevant Affected Fund for that 
Averaging Date or Interest Averaging Date with its good faith estimate 
of the Fund Interest Price that would have prevailed.

--- Page 330 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 330 - 
47-41009328 
 
(ii) 
if "Basket Disruption" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant 
Calculation Date for all Fund Interests in the Basket Portfolio shall be the first 
succeeding Basket Business Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the 
Basket Business Days falling in the Disrupted Period is a Disrupted Day. In that 
case (a) that final Basket Business Day of the Disrupted Period shall be deemed 
to be the relevant Calculation Date in respect of all Fund Interests in the Basket 
Portfolio and (b) the Calculation Agent shall determine the Fund Interest Price 
of each Affected Fund Interest as its good faith estimate of the relevant Fund 
Interest Price of each Affected Fund Interest that would have prevailed, but for 
the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, on that final Basket Business Day of the 
Disrupted Period. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any Averaging Date or Interest 
Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day and Basket Disruption is specified, then if 
under Basket Averaging Date Disruption in the Final Terms the consequence 
specified is: 
(A) 
"Basket Omission", then such Averaging Date or Interest Averaging 
Date shall be deemed not to be an Averaging Date or Interest Averaging 
Date, in relation to the Basket Portfolio, for the purposes of determining 
the Basket Portfolio Interest Price. If through the operation of this 
provision no Averaging Date or Interest Averaging Date would occur in 
relation to the Basket Portfolio, then the provisions above will apply for 
the purposes of determining each Fund Interest Price for the final 
Averaging Date or Interest Averaging Date as if such final Averaging 
Date or Interest Averaging Date were a Disrupted Day; 
(B) 
"Basket Postponement", then the provisions above will apply for the 
purposes of determining the Fund Interest Price of each Fund in the 
Basket Portfolio for that Averaging Date or Interest Averaging Date as 
if such Averaging Date or Interest Averaging Date were a Disrupted Day 
irrespective of whether, pursuant to such determination, that deferred 
Averaging Date would fall on a date that already is or is deemed to be 
an Averaging Date or Interest Averaging Date; or 
(C) 
"Basket Modified Postponement", then the relevant Averaging Date 
or Interest Averaging Date for each Fund Interest in the Basket Portfolio 
shall be the first succeeding Valid Date. If the first succeeding Valid 
Date has not occurred as of the final Basket Business Day of the Cut-off 
Period for that original date that, but for the occurrence of another 
Averaging Date or Interest Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would 
have been the final Averaging Date or Interest Averaging Date then (A) 
that final Basket Business Day of the Cut-off Period shall be deemed to 
be the relevant Averaging Date or Interest Averaging Date (irrespective 
of whether such day is already an Averaging Date), and (B) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant Fund Interest Price of 
each Fund in the Basket Portfolio for that Averaging Date or Interest 
Averaging Date with its good faith estimate of each Fund Interest Price 
that would have prevailed.

--- Page 331 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 331 - 
47-41009328 
 
For the purposes of this paragraph (ii) only, all references in the definitions of 
Cut-off Period, Disruption Period and Value Date to Fund Business Day shall 
be construed to be references to Basket Business Day. 
(iii) 
If "Affected Fund Estimate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the price of one relevant Affected Fund 
Interest as its good faith estimate of the price of one relevant Affected Fund 
Interest that would have prevailed, but for the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, 
on the relevant scheduled Calculation Date.".

--- Page 332 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 332 - 
47-41009328 
 
CHAPTER 6 – CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
GENERAL TERMS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
The terms and conditions applicable to Credit Linked Notes issued by the Issuer shall comprise 
the Terms and Conditions set out in Chapter 2 (the "Base Conditions") and the specific terms 
and conditions set out below (the "Credit Linked Conditions"), in each case subject to 
completion and/or amendment in the applicable Final Terms. The Final Terms shall comprise 
the general form of Final Terms set out in Part 2 of Chapter 2 completed to reflect the particular 
terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. In the event of any inconsistency between the Base 
Conditions and the Credit Linked Conditions, the Credit Linked Conditions set out below shall 
prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Base Conditions and/or the Credit 
Linked Conditions and (ii) the Final Terms, the Final Terms shall prevail. 
1. 
FINAL REDEMPTION AMOUNT AND MATURITY DATE 
Base Condition 4(b) (Maturities/Final Redemption) shall not apply and instead the 
provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 1 shall apply. 
(a) 
For the purposes of the Credit Linked Notes, "Scheduled Maturity Date" 
means the original Maturity Date specified in paragraph 7 of the Final Terms. 
(b) 
Unless either (i) the Notes have been previously redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled, or (ii) the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 2 apply, the Issuer 
will redeem each of the Notes on the Scheduled Maturity Date in an amount 
equal to its Final Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(c) 
The Calculation Agent may deliver an Extension Notice at any time prior to the 
Scheduled Maturity Date in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 9(d). As 
soon as reasonably practicable after receiving an Extension Notice from the 
Calculation Agent, the Issuer shall promptly inform the Fiscal Agent and the 
Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 12 (Notices). 
2. 
REDEMPTION UPON THE OCCURRENCE OF A CREDIT EVENT 
(a) 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 8 (Reversals and Adjustments to Credit Event 
Determination Dates), if a Credit Event occurs during the Credit Observation Period 
and in respect thereof a Credit Event Determination Date occurs, the Issuer shall redeem 
each Note in whole or, if the Notes are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, in part as 
follows: 
(i) 
if (A) "Cash Settlement" is specified as the Settlement Basis in the applicable 
Final Terms or (B) "Cash or Physical Settlement" or "Cash or Physical 
Settlement or Auction Settlement" is specified as the Settlement Basis in the 
applicable Final Terms and Cash Settlement is elected by the Issuer in the Issuer 
Credit Event Notice (as defined below) or (C) "Cash Settlement" is specified as 
the Fallback Settlement Basis and the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 6 
(Auction Settlement) requires that the Issuer redeem the Credit Linked Notes in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 4 (Cash Settlement), by payment on 
the Cash Settlement Date of the Cash Settlement Amount;

--- Page 333 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 333 - 
47-41009328 
 
(ii) 
if (A) "Physical Settlement" is specified as the Settlement Basis in the 
applicable Final Terms or (B) "Cash or Physical Settlement" or "Cash or 
Physical Settlement or Auction Settlement" is specified as the Settlement Basis 
in the applicable Final Terms and Physical Settlement is elected by the Issuer in 
the Issuer Credit Event Notice or (C) "Physical Settlement" is specified as the 
Fallback Settlement Basis and the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 6 
(Auction Settlement) requires that the Issuer redeem the Credit Linked Notes in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 5 (Physical Settlement), by Delivery 
of the Relevant Proportion of the Deliverable Obligation by the Physical 
Settlement Date; 
(iii) 
if "Auction Settlement" is specified as the Settlement Basis in the applicable 
Final Terms, by payment on or before the Auction Cash Settlement Date of the 
Auction Cash Settlement Amount; 
(iv) 
if "Cash or Physical Settlement" is specified as the Settlement Basis in the 
applicable Final Terms, as set out in sub-paragraph (i) or (ii) above at the option 
of the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion and notified to Noteholders in 
the relevant Issuer Credit Event Notice; or 
(v) 
if "Cash or Physical Settlement or Auction Settlement" is specified as the 
Settlement Basis in the applicable Final Terms, as set out in sub-paragraph (i), 
(ii) or (iii) above at the option of the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion 
and notified to Noteholders in the relevant Issuer Credit Event Notice, 
and in each case listed from items (i) to (v) above, but subject to Credit Linked 
Condition 9 (Interest Payment Date and Maturity Date Postponement), upon 
redemption of the Notes (or, if the Notes are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, part 
thereof), interest (if any) accrued (but unpaid) until the date fixed for redemption shall 
not be due to the holders of the Notes. 
(b) 
If the Notes are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, upon every redemption of a portion 
of the same, the Calculation Amount will be reduced, with effect from (and including) 
the Interest Accrual Date immediately preceding the date fixed for redemption, by an 
amount corresponding to the Applicable Redemption Proportion. 
(c) 
Upon discharge by the Issuer of such payment or delivery obligation on or before the 
Cash Settlement Date or the Auction Cash Settlement Date (or, if the Cash Settlement 
Amount or the Auction Cash Settlement Amount is zero, upon the occurrence of the 
Cash Settlement Date or the Auction Cash Settlement Date, as the case may be) or on 
or before by the Physical Settlement Date, as the case may be, or otherwise as provided 
herein, the Issuer's obligations in respect of the Notes shall be discharged except to the 
extent otherwise provided in these Credit Linked Conditions. 
(d) 
If a Credit Event occurs during the Credit Observation Period but no Credit Event 
Determination Date occurs in respect thereof, the Issuer may elect to redeem each of 
the Notes in an amount equal to its Final Redemption Amount on either (i) the date 
which is three Business Days following the Settlement Election End Date (the "Final 
Payment Date") or subject to the occurrence of any other Credit Event which may 
occur during the Credit Observation Period (ii) if the Scheduled Maturity Date is later 
than the Final Payment Date, on the Scheduled Maturity Date (in which case interest

--- Page 334 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 334 - 
47-41009328 
 
(if applicable) shall continue to accrue from the date on which interest ceased to accrue 
in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 9, any such accrued but unpaid interest 
being payable on the Interest Payment Date next following the Final Payment Date shall 
be paid in accordance with the Base Conditions) and the Issuer shall, as soon as 
reasonably practicable give notice of such election to the Fiscal Agent and the 
Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 12 (Notices). 
(e) 
If the applicable Final Terms or Issuer Credit Event Notice specifies that Cash 
Settlement shall apply then the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 4 (Cash 
Settlement) shall apply, if Physical Settlement is so specified then the provisions of 
Credit Linked Condition 5 (Physical Settlement) shall apply and if Auction Settlement 
is so specified then the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 6 (Auction Settlement) 
shall apply. 
3. 
NOTICES 
(a) 
In accordance with these Credit Linked Conditions, the entity specified as the relevant 
Notifying Party specified in the Final Terms may deliver a Credit Event Notice and (if 
applicable) a Notice of Publicly Available Information at any time on or prior to the 
Settlement Election End Date and the Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practicable 
after receipt of a Credit Event Notice (or after having sent a Credit Event Notice, as 
applicable), give notice (the "Issuer Credit Event Notice") to the Fiscal Agent and the 
Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 12 (Notices) that a Credit Event Notice 
has been delivered with respect to the Credit Linked Notes and shall in such notice, if 
"Cash or Physical Settlement" or "Cash or Physical Settlement or Auction Settlement" 
is specified as the Settlement Basis in the applicable Final Terms, specify whether it 
elects to redeem the Notes by Cash Settlement, Physical Settlement or Auction 
Settlement (in case of "Cash or Physical Settlement or Auction Settlement") (and the 
applicable Fallback Settlement Basis) or by Cash Settlement or Physical Settlement (in 
case of "Cash or Physical Settlement"). 
(b) 
Where the Notes are Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes, the Calculation Agent may 
deliver a Credit Event Notice and (if applicable) a Notice of Publicly Available 
Information to the Issuer in respect of a Credit Event having occurred in relation to any 
of the Reference Entities (whether or not such Credit Event is the first to occur). If a 
Credit Event occurs with respect to more than one Reference Entity on the same day, 
the Calculation Agent shall in its sole discretion select which Reference Entity shall be 
deemed to be subject to the Credit Linked Conditions, if any. 
(c) 
In the case of a Credit Linked Note where "Physical Settlement" is specified as the 
Settlement Basis in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer will deliver a Notice of Physical 
Settlement to the Fiscal Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 
12 (Notices) prior to the relevant Physical Determination Date. For purposes of 
determining whether such Notice of Physical Settlement has been so delivered by the 
Physical Determination Date, the effective date of delivery of the initial Notice of 
Physical Settlement (whether or not a subsequent NOPS Amendment Notice is 
delivered in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 5(a)) shall be used. 
(d) 
Where Restructuring is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being an applicable 
Credit Event, there may be more than one Credit Event Determination Date in respect 
of the same Reference Entity as further described in Credit Linked Condition 11

--- Page 335 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 335 - 
47-41009328 
 
(Restructuring Credit Event) below. In addition, in the case of a Basket Credit Linked 
Note, there may be multiple Credit Event Determination Dates but, other than as set out 
in the preceding sentence, only one Credit Event Determination Date in respect of each 
Reference Entity. In the case of a Basket Credit Linked Note, a Credit Event 
Determination Date in respect of more than one Reference Entity may occur on any one 
date. The provisions set out in these Credit Linked Conditions set out the mechanics 
that apply in respect of one Reference Entity and shall apply severally to each Reference 
Entity for a Basket Credit Linked Note. 
(e) 
Where Repudiation/Moratorium and/or Failure to Pay is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being an applicable Credit Event, the Calculation Agent may deliver an 
Extension Notice to the Issuer in respect of a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium and/or 
Failure to Pay. 
(f) 
Any Credit Event Notice, Notice of Publicly Available Information, Notice of Physical 
Settlement, NOPS Amendment Notice or Extension Notice, as the case may be, 
delivered on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (Milan time) on a Business Day is effective on such 
date and if delivered after such time or on a day that is not a Business Day, is deemed 
effective on the next following Business Day. 
4. 
CASH SETTLEMENT 
(a) 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 7 (Suspension Terms) and Credit Linked Condition 
8 (Reversals and Adjustments to Credit Event Determination Dates), if (i) "Cash 
Settlement" is specified as the Settlement Basis in the applicable Final Terms or (ii) 
"Cash or Physical Settlement" or "Cash or Physical Settlement or Auction Settlement" 
is specified as the Settlement Basis in the applicable Final Terms and (Cash Settlement 
is elected by the Issuer in the Issuer Credit Event Notice) or (iii) "Cash Settlement" is 
specified as the Fallback Settlement Basis and the provisions of Credit Linked 
Condition 6 (Auction Settlement) requires that the Issuer redeem the Credit Linked 
Notes in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 4 (Cash Settlement), on the Cash 
Settlement Date the Issuer shall, subject as aforesaid, redeem, in the case of Notes that 
are not Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, each Note in whole or, in the case of Notes 
that are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, a portion of the principal amount of each 
Note equal to the Applicable Redemption Proportion, by payment of the Cash 
Settlement Amount. 
(b) 
The Cash Settlement Amount in respect of each Note shall be the amount specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms (which may be a pro rata share of the Recovery 
Amount) or, if no such amount is specified, an amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent to be the greater of (a) zero and (b) an amount equal to (i) the Applicable 
Redemption Proportion (if applicable) multiplied by (ii) the outstanding principal 
amount of such Note multiplied by (iii) the Final Price of the Reference Obligation(s), 
provided that: (x) if the applicable Final Terms specify that "Hedge Unwind 
Adjustment" is applicable, then the Cash Settlement Amount or Recovery Amount, as 
the case may be, shall be adjusted upwards or downwards, as applicable, to reflect the 
pro rata Hedge Unwind Costs; or (y) if the applicable Final Terms specify that 
"Standard Unwind Adjustment" is applicable, then the Cash Settlement Amount or 
Recovery Amount, as the case may be, shall be adjusted upwards or downwards, as 
applicable, to reflect the pro rata Standard Unwind Costs. Payment by the Issuer of the

--- Page 336 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 336 - 
47-41009328 
 
Cash Settlement Amount shall fully and effectively discharge the Issuer's obligation to 
redeem the Applicable Redemption Proportion of the relevant Note. 
(c) 
If the Cash Settlement Amount is to be determined by reference to the Final Price of 
the Reference Obligation(s), such Final Price shall be determined in accordance with 
the Valuation Method specified in the applicable Final Terms, or, if no such Valuation 
Method is specified, the Final Price shall be determined (i) with respect to one 
Valuation Date, in accordance with the "Highest" Valuation Method; (ii) with respect 
to more than one Valuation Date, in accordance with the "Average Highest" Valuation 
Method. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Quotations obtained in respect of the 
Valuation Method include Weighted Average Quotations or fewer than two Full 
Quotations, the Valuation Method shall be Market or Average Market, as the case may 
be. 
(d) 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Calculation Agent may 
select in its sole discretion, in respect of each Defaulted Credit any Valuation Date 
falling on or after the Credit Event Determination Date and on or before the one hundred 
and twenty-fifth (125th) Business Day following the Credit Event Determination Date 
relating to such Defaulted Credit. The Calculation Agent will select as a Valuation Date 
a day falling on or before the seventy-second (72nd) Business Day following the Credit 
Event Determination Date unless it determines in good faith that material problems 
exist in the market place in delivering obligations of the relevant Reference Entity under 
credit default swap contracts, in which case it may select a Valuation Date falling after 
the seventy-second (72nd) Business Day, but not later than the one hundred and twenty-
fifth (125th) Business Day, after such date. 
5. 
PHYSICAL SETTLEMENT 
(a) 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 7 (Suspension Terms) and Credit Linked Condition 
8 (Reversals and Adjustments to Credit Event Determination Dates), if (i) "Physical 
Settlement" is specified as the Settlement Basis in the applicable Final Terms or (ii) 
"Cash or Physical Settlement" or "Cash or Physical Settlement or Auction Settlement" 
is specified as the Settlement Basis in the applicable Final Terms (and Physical 
Settlement is elected by the Issuer in the Issuer Credit Event Notice) or (iii) "Physical 
Settlement" is specified as the Fallback Settlement Basis and the provisions of Credit 
Linked Condition 6 (Auction Settlement) requires that the Issuer redeem the Credit 
Linked Notes in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 5 (Physical Settlement), 
the Issuer shall, on or before the Physical Determination Date, deliver to the Fiscal 
Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 12 (Notices) a Notice of 
Physical Settlement. The Issuer may serve a notice (a "NOPS Amendment Notice") to 
replace, in whole or in part, one or more of the Deliverable Obligations and/or the 
detailed description of the Deliverable Obligations at any time on or prior to the 
Physical Settlement Date and the NOPS Amendment Notice served within this period 
shall override a previous Notice of Physical Settlement or, if applicable, any previous 
NOPS Amendment Notice(s). The Issuer may correct any errors or inconsistencies in 
the detailed description of the Deliverable Obligations by notice to the Fiscal Agent and 
the Noteholders at any time prior to the Delivery Date. IF "Asset Package Delivery" is 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall notify the Noteholders and the 
Fiscal Agent on the NOPS Effective Date, or as soon as reasonably practicable 
thereafter (but in any case, prior to the Delivery Date), of the detailed description of the 
Asset Package, if any, that it intends to Deliver to the Noteholders in lieu of the Prior

--- Page 337 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 337 - 
47-41009328 
 
Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, if any, specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, it being understood 
that such notice shall not constitute a NOPS Amendment Notice. 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of the Deliverable 
Obligation(s) in respect of the Notes shall be determined as follows: 
(i) 
where the Deliverable Obligation(s) constitute Borrowed Money, the 
Deliverable Obligations (selected by the Issuer in its sole and absolute 
discretion and notified to Noteholders in the relevant Notice of Physical 
Settlement) shall have an aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance (including 
accrued but unpaid interest (as determined by the Calculation Agent if "Include 
Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, but excluding 
accrued but unpaid interest if "Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, and if neither "Include Accrued Interest" nor "Exclude 
Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, excluding accrued 
but unpaid interest) equal to: 
(A) 
if the Notes are not Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, the outstanding 
principal amount of the Notes outstanding as at the related Event 
Determination Date; or 
(B) 
if the Notes are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, the Related Nominal 
Amount of the relevant Reference Entity to which the Credit Event 
relates; or 
(ii) 
where the Deliverable Obligation(s) are not Borrowed Money, the Deliverable 
Obligations (selected by the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion and 
notified to Noteholders in the relevant Notice of Physical Settlement) shall have 
a Due and Payable Amount (or the equivalent Currency Amount of any such 
amount), equal to: 
(A) 
if the Notes are not Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, the outstanding 
principal amount of the Notes outstanding as at the related Event 
Determination Date; or 
(B) 
if the Notes are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, the Related Nominal 
Amount of the relevant Reference Entity to which the Credit Event 
relates. 
(b) 
On or prior to the Physical Settlement Date the Issuer shall, subject to Credit Linked 
Condition 5(c) and Credit Linked Condition 7 (Suspension Terms), redeem, in the case 
of Notes that are not Linear Basket Notes, each Note in whole or, in the case of the 
Notes that are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, a portion of the principal amount of 
each Note equal to the Applicable Redemption Proportion (if applicable), by Delivering 
to each Noteholder the Relevant Proportion of the Deliverable Obligation(s). In the 
event that the Issuer, for any reason whatsoever, is unable to effect delivery of the 
Relevant Proportion of the Deliverable Obligation(s) to any Noteholder by the Physical 
Settlement Date, the Issuer may continue to attempt such Delivery for an additional 
sixty (60) Business Days after the Physical Settlement Date. Subject to Credit Linked 
Condition 5(f), failure by the Issuer to Deliver to a Noteholder the Relevant Proportion

--- Page 338 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 338 - 
47-41009328 
 
of the Deliverable Obligation(s) on or prior to the date that is sixty (60) Business Days 
after the Physical Settlement Date shall not constitute an Event of Default under the 
Base Conditions. Delivery of the Relevant Proportion of the Deliverable Obligation(s) 
by the Issuer pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition 5 (and/or payment of any 
amounts in connection therewith pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 5(f) and/or 5(i)) 
shall fully and effectively discharge the Issuer's obligation to redeem the Applicable 
Redemption Proportion of the relevant Note. 
(c) 
In order to obtain Delivery of the Relevant Proportion of the Deliverable Obligation(s), 
each Noteholder must deliver to the Issuer or the Paying Agent within five Business 
Days of the date of delivery of the initial Notice of Physical Settlement (or any 
subsequent NOPS Amendment Notice, as the case may be) (each such date, a "Physical 
Settlement Cut-Off Date") (i) a duly completed Asset Transfer Notice in accordance 
with Credit Linked Condition 5(h), the form of which may be obtained from the 
specified office of the Issuer or the Paying Agent and (ii) in the case of a holding of a 
Definitive Note, the Note (which expression shall, for the purposes of this Credit Linked 
Condition 5(c), include Note(s) and Receipt(s)). In the event that the Note is represented 
by a Global Note, an Asset Transfer Notice must be delivered to the Issuer via the 
relevant clearing system, by such method of delivery as the relevant clearing system 
shall have approved or such other method as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
(d) 
After delivery of a valid Asset Transfer Notice, no transfers of the Notes specified 
therein which are represented by a Global Note may be effected by any relevant clearing 
system. 
(e) 
Upon receipt of a duly completed Asset Transfer Notice and, in the case of Definitive 
Notes, the Note to which such notice relates, the Issuer, any relevant clearing system or 
the Paying Agent, as the case may be, shall verify that the person specified therein as 
the accountholder, is the Holder of the Note referred to therein according to its books. 
Subject as provided herein, in relation to each Note, the Relevant Proportion of the 
Deliverable Obligation(s) will be Delivered to the relevant Noteholder at the risk of 
such Noteholder. 
If the Asset Transfer Notice (and with respect to Definitive Notes, the relevant Note) 
are delivered to the Issuer or the Paying Agent (as the case may be) later than 5:00 p.m. 
close of business in Milan on the relevant Physical Settlement Cut-Off Date, then the 
Relevant Proportion of the Deliverable Obligation(s) will be Delivered as soon as 
practicable after the date on which Delivery of the same would otherwise be made, at 
the risk of such Noteholder in the manner provided above. For the avoidance of doubt, 
such Noteholder shall not be entitled to any payment or to other assets, whether in 
respect of interest or otherwise, in the event of the Delivery of the Relevant Proportion 
of the Deliverable Obligation(s) taking place after the date on which Delivery of the 
same would otherwise be made pursuant to the provisions of this Credit Linked 
Condition 5(e) or otherwise due to circumstances beyond the control of the Issuer. 
If the relevant Noteholder fails to deliver an Asset Transfer Notice in the manner set 
out herein or delivers an Asset Transfer Notice on any day falling after the day that is 
one hundred and eighty (180) calendar days after the Physical Settlement Cut-Off Date 
or, in the case of Definitive Notes, fails to deliver the Note related thereto or fails to

--- Page 339 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 339 - 
47-41009328 
 
pay the Delivery Expenses and, if applicable, the Hedge Unwind Costs or the Standard 
Unwind Costs as referred to in Credit Linked Condition 5(j), the Issuer shall be 
discharged from its obligations in respect of such Note and shall have no further 
obligation or liability whatsoever in respect thereof. 
(f) 
 
(i) 
If due to a force majeure event (such as an act of God, act of State, fire, flood, 
severe weather conditions, or a labor dispute or shortage) or an event beyond 
the control of the Issuer a Noteholder or its designated nominee, it is impossible, 
impracticable or illegal for such Issuer to Deliver or for such Noteholder or 
nominee to accept Delivery of all, or a portion of, the Relevant Proportion of 
the Deliverable Obligation(s) (other than, if "Asset Package Delivery" is 
specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, any Prior Deliverable 
Obligation or Package Observable Bond) by the Physical Settlement Date 
(including, without limitation, failure of the relevant clearing system or due to 
any law, regulation or court order, but not including market conditions or failure 
to obtain any requisite consent with respect to the Delivery of Loans) then by 
such date the Issuer or the Noteholder, as applicable, shall provide a description 
in reasonable detail of the facts giving rise to such impossibility, 
impracticability or illegality or of the force majeure event (such as an act of 
God, fire, flood, severe weather conditions, or a labor dispute or shortage) or 
act of state, and the Issuer shall Deliver and such Noteholder or its designated 
nominee shall take Delivery of that portion (if any) of the Relevant Proportion 
of the Deliverable Obligation(s) for which it is possible, practicable and legal to 
take Delivery. As soon as possible thereafter, the Issuer shall deliver and such 
Noteholder, its originally designated nominee or any new designated nominee 
shall take Delivery of the remaining portion of the Relevant Proportion of the 
Deliverable Obligation(s). 
(ii) 
If: 
(A) 
following the occurrence of any impossibility, impracticability or 
illegality, force majeure event or act of state, referred to in sub-
paragraph (i) above, all of the Relevant Proportion of the Deliverable 
Obligation(s) is not Delivered on or prior to the Latest Permissible 
Physical Settlement Date (such part of the Relevant Proportion of the 
Deliverable Obligation(s) that are not Delivered being "Undeliverable 
Obligations"); or 
(B) 
all or a portion of the Relevant Proportion of the Deliverable 
Obligation(s) includes Assignable Loans or Consent Required Loans 
that, due to the non-receipt of any requisite consents, are not, by the 
Physical Settlement Date, capable of being assigned or novated to any 
relevant Noteholder or its nominee and such consents are not obtained 
or deemed to have been given by the Latest Permissible Physical 
Settlement Date (such loan obligations being "Undeliverable Loan 
Obligations"); or 
(C) 
all or a portion of the Relevant Proportion of the Deliverable 
Obligation(s) includes Direct Loan Participations and the relevant

--- Page 340 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 340 - 
47-41009328 
 
participation is not effected on or before the Latest Permissible Physical 
Settlement 
Date 
(such 
participations 
being 
"Undeliverable 
Participations"), 
then Partial Cash Settlement pursuant to sub-paragraph (iii) below shall 
be deemed to apply with respect to that portion of the Deliverable 
Obligation(s) that cannot be Delivered for the reasons specified in (A) 
to (C) above. 
(iii) 
On the Partial Cash Settlement Date, the Issuer shall pay to each relevant 
Noteholder, the Partial Cash Settlement Amount and upon discharge by the 
Issuer of such payment obligation on the Partial Cash Settlement Date, the 
Issuer's obligations in respect of the relevant Note shall be discharged. 
(g) 
If, in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 5(d), (e) and (f) above, the Relevant 
Proportion of the Deliverable Obligation(s) is Delivered later than the Physical 
Settlement Date, then until Delivery of the Relevant Proportion of the Deliverable 
Obligation(s) is made to the relevant Noteholder, the Issuer or any person holding such 
assets on behalf of the Issuer shall continue to be the legal owner of those assets. None 
of the Issuer and any such other person shall (i) be under any obligation to deliver or 
procure delivery to such Noteholder or any subsequent transferee any letter, certificate, 
notice, circular or any other document or payment whatsoever received by that person 
in its capacity as the holder of such assets, (ii) be under any obligation to exercise or 
procure the exercise of any or all rights (including voting rights) attaching or 
appertaining to such assets until the date of Delivery or (iii) be under any liability to 
such Noteholder or subsequent transferee for any loss, liability, damage, cost or expense 
that such Noteholder or subsequent transferee may sustain or suffer as a result, whether 
directly or indirectly, of that person not being the legal owner of such assets until the 
date of Delivery. 
(h) 
An Asset Transfer Notice is, subject as provided below, irrevocable and must: 
(i) 
specify the account details or name of the person to whom Delivery of the 
Relevant Proportion of the Deliverable Obligation(s) is to be made; 
(ii) 
specify the nominal amount of Notes or, in the case of Notes that are Linear 
Basket Credit Linked Notes, the Applicable Redemption Proportion of such 
Notes, and the number of Notes which are the subject of such notice; 
(iii) 
in the event such Notes are represented by a Global Note: 
(A) 
specify the number of the Noteholder's account at the relevant clearing 
system to be debited with such Notes; and 
(B) 
irrevocably instruct and authorise the relevant clearing system to debit 
the relevant Noteholder's account with such Notes or, in the case of 
Notes that are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, the Applicable 
Redemption Proportion of such Notes, on the due date for redemption 
of the Notes;

--- Page 341 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 341 - 
47-41009328 
 
(iv) 
authorise the production of such notice in any applicable administrative or legal 
proceedings; and 
(v) 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, specify the manner in 
which Delivery Expenses and Hedge Unwind Costs or Standard Unwind Costs, 
if applicable, will be borne by the Noteholders in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 5(j). 
No Asset Transfer Notice may be withdrawn after receipt thereof by the relevant 
clearing system or a Paying Agent, as the case may be, as provided above, save 
where subsequent to such receipt, the Issuer delivers a NOPS Amendment 
Notice, in which case, the relevant Noteholder may deliver an amended Asset 
Transfer Notice. After delivery of the first Asset Transfer Notice, the relevant 
Noteholder may not transfer the Notes which are the subject of such notice. 
Failure properly to complete and deliver an Asset Transfer Notice and, in the 
case of Definitive Notes, to deliver the relevant Note, may result in such notice 
being treated as null and void. Any determination as to whether such notice has 
been properly completed and delivered as provided in these Credit Linked 
Conditions shall be made by the Issuer, Paying Agent and/or relevant clearing 
system, as applicable, in its sole and absolute discretion and shall be conclusive 
and binding on the relevant Noteholder. 
If any Noteholder fails to properly complete and deliver an Asset Transfer 
Notice, the Issuer may in its sole discretion, decide whether to waive the 
requirement to deliver a properly completed Asset Transfer Notice prior to the 
relevant Physical Settlement Cut-Off Date for physical delivery in order for 
such Noteholder to receive the Relevant Proportion of the Deliverable 
Obligation(s), and shall give notice of such waiver to the relevant clearing 
system and to the Paying Agent, and other Agent, as applicable. 
(i) 
If the Relevant Proportion of the Deliverable Obligation(s) comprises less than a 
multiple of a whole number of the Deliverable Obligation(s) at the relevant time, then 
(i) the Issuer shall not Deliver and the relevant Noteholder shall not be entitled to 
receive in respect of its Notes that fraction of an asset which is less than a whole number 
(the "Fractional Entitlement") and (ii) the Issuer shall pay to the relevant Noteholder 
a cash amount (to be paid at the same time as Delivery of the Relevant Proportion of 
the Deliverable Obligation(s)) equal to the market value (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion) of such Fractional Entitlement. 
(j) 
The costs and expenses including any stamp, registration documentation or similar tax 
and any transfer or similar fee (the "Delivery Expenses") of effecting any Delivery of 
the Relevant Proportion of the Deliverable Obligation(s) and (x) if the applicable Final 
Terms specify that "Hedge Unwind Adjustment" shall apply, a pro rata share of the 
Hedge Unwind Costs or (y) if the applicable Final Terms specify that "Standard 
Unwind Adjustment" shall apply, a pro rata share of the Standard Unwind Costs, shall, 
in the absence of any provision to the contrary in the applicable Final Terms, be borne 
by the Noteholder and shall, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
at the option of each Noteholder as specified in the Asset Transfer Notice either be:

--- Page 342 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 342 - 
47-41009328 
 
(i) 
paid to the Issuer by such Noteholder prior to the Delivery of the Relevant 
Proportion of the Deliverable Obligation(s) (and, for the avoidance of doubt, the 
Issuer shall not be required to Deliver any portion of the Deliverable 
Obligation(s) to such Noteholder until it has received such payment); or 
(ii) 
deducted by the Issuer from the amount which may be payable to such 
Noteholder in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 5(i). 
If there is not a cash amount owing from the Issuer under such Note to a Noteholder 
sufficient to cover the Delivery Expenses and, if applicable, its pro rata share of the 
Hedge Unwind Costs or Standard Unwind Costs, the Issuer may convert such amount 
of the Relevant Proportion of the Deliverable Obligation(s) into cash sufficient to cover 
the Delivery Expenses and, if applicable, a pro rata share of the Hedge Unwind Costs 
or Standard Unwind Costs, in respect of such Note from which the Issuer shall deduct 
such amounts. Each Note will then be redeemed by delivery of the remaining portion 
of the Deliverable Obligation(s) in respect of such Note and, if applicable, payment of 
a cash amount in respect of any Fractional Entitlement arising, together with any other 
amounts to which such Noteholder is entitled upon redemption of such Note. 
(k) 
The Issuer shall not be under any obligation to register or procure the registration of 
any Noteholder or any other person as the registered holder of any of the Deliverable 
Obligation(s) to be delivered in the register of members or holders of debt securities of 
any company whose securities form part of the Deliverable Obligation(s). The Issuer 
shall not be obliged to account to any Noteholder for any entitlement received or 
receivable in respect of any of the Deliverable Obligation(s) to be delivered if the date 
on which such are first traded without such entitlement is on or prior to the date of 
Delivery. The Issuer shall determine, in its sole and absolute discretion, the date on 
which such assets are so first traded without any such entitlement. 
6. 
AUCTION SETTLEMENT 
(a) 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 7 (Suspension Terms) and Credit Linked Condition 
8 (Reversals and Adjustments to Credit Event Determination Dates), if (i) "Auction 
Settlement" is specified as the Settlement Basis in the applicable Final Terms or (ii) 
"Cash or Physical Settlement or Auction Settlement" is specified as the Settlement 
Basis in the applicable Final Terms (and Auction Settlement is elected by the Issuer in 
the Issuer Credit Event Notice), on the Auction Cash Settlement Date the Issuer shall, 
subject as aforesaid, redeem, in the case of Notes that are not Linear Basket Notes, each 
Note in whole or, in the case of the Notes that are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, 
a portion of the principal amount of each Note equal to the Applicable Redemption 
Proportion, by payment of the Auction Cash Settlement Amount. 
(b) 
The Auction Cash Settlement Amount in respect of each Note shall be the amount 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount is specified, an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent to be the greater of (a) zero and (b) an 
amount equal to (i) the Applicable Redemption Proportion (if applicable) multiplied by 
(ii) the outstanding principal amount of such Note multiplied (iii) by the Auction Final 
Price, provided that: (x) if the applicable Final Terms specify that "Hedge Unwind 
Adjustment" shall apply, then the Auction Cash Settlement Amount shall be adjusted 
upwards or downwards, as applicable, to reflect the pro rata Hedge Unwind Costs or 
(y) if the applicable Final Terms specify that "Standard Unwind Adjustment" is

--- Page 343 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 343 - 
47-41009328 
 
applicable, then the Auction Cash Settlement Amount shall be adjusted upwards or 
downwards, as applicable, to reflect the pro rata Standard Unwind Costs. Payment by 
the Issuer of the Auction Cash Settlement Amount shall fully and effectively discharge 
the Issuer's obligation to redeem the Applicable Redemption Proportion of the relevant 
Note. 
(c) 
Without prejudice to the foregoing, but without duplication of settlement, if the 
Calculation Agent determines: 
(i) 
except where the Issuer delivers a Notice to Exercise Movement Option to the 
Calculation Agent on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-off Date, that with 
respect to a Credit Event, no Applicable Auction is being, or will be, held; or 
(ii) 
with respect to a Credit Event and any relevant Applicable Request, Applicable 
Resolution and/or Applicable Auction, that (A) an Auction Cancellation Date 
has occurred, (B) a No Auction Announcement Date has occurred (and, in 
circumstances where such No Auction Announcement Date occurs pursuant to 
sub-paragraph (b) or (c)(ii) of the definition of No Auction Announcement Date, 
the Issuer has not exercised the Movement Option), (C) a DC Credit Event 
Question Dismissal occurs, (D) a Credit Event Determination Date was 
determined pursuant to sub-paragraph (a)(i) of the definition of Credit Event 
Determination Date and no relevant Credit Event Resolution Request Date has 
occurred on or prior to the date falling three Business Days after such Credit 
Event Determination Date, or (E) a Credit Event Determination Date was 
determined pursuant to sub-paragraph (b)(ii)(B)(II)(y) of the definition of "Non-
Standard Event Determination Date", then the Issuer shall, subject to the 
occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date on any day on or prior to the 
Settlement Election End Date, notwithstanding that Auction Settlement is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, redeem each Note in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 4 (if Cash Settlement is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as the Fallback Settlement Basis) or in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 5 (if Physical Settlement is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the Fallback Settlement Basis). 
(d) 
If, with respect to an M(M)R Restructuring, the Calculation Agent determines that a 
No Auction Announcement Date has occurred pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) or (c)(ii) 
of the definition of No Auction Announcement Date, the Issuer may elect in its sole 
and absolute discretion to deliver a Notice to Exercise Movement Option to the 
Calculation Agent at any time on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-off Date. If a 
Notice to Exercise Movement Option is so delivered, then provided the related Credit 
Event Determination Date is not reversed on or prior to the relevant Auction Cash 
Settlement Date, the Notes shall be redeemed on the Auction Cash Settlement Date at 
their Auction Cash Settlement Amount, for which purposes the Auction Cash 
Settlement Date and the Auction Cash Settlement Amount shall be determined by 
reference to the relevant Parallel Auction identified by the Issuer in the Notice to 
Exercise Movement Option. If a Notice to Exercise Movement Option is delivered by 
the Issuer, all references in these Credit Linked Conditions to "Applicable Auction", 
"Applicable Auction Settlement Terms", "Auction Cancellation Date", "Auction Final 
Price Determination Date" and "Auction Settlement Date" shall be deemed to be 
references to the "Parallel Auction", "Parallel Auction Settlement Terms", "Parallel 
Auction Cancellation Date", "Parallel Auction Final Price Determination Date" and

--- Page 344 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 344 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Parallel Auction Settlement Date" and the terms of these Credit Linked Conditions 
shall be construed accordingly. 
7. 
SUSPENSION TERMS 
If, following the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date but prior to the 
relevant Final Payment Date, Cash Settlement Date, Physical Settlement Date, a 
Delivery Date or, to the extent applicable, a Valuation Date, as applicable, there is a 
DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement, the timing requirements relating to Notices 
of Physical Settlement and the timing requirements of Credit Linked Conditions 1 to 5 
(inclusive), as applicable, or any other provision of these Credit Linked Conditions and 
the Notes that pertains to redemption and settlement, shall toll and remain suspended 
until the date of the relevant DC Credit Event Announcement or DC Credit Event 
Question Dismissal. During such suspension period, the Issuer is not obliged to take 
any action in connection with the redemption and settlement of the Notes. The relevant 
timing requirements and redemption and settlement provisions, as applicable, that have 
previously tolled or been suspended shall resume on the second Business Day following 
the relevant DC Credit Event Announcement or the last day of the Post Dismissal 
Additional Period following the DC Credit Event Question Dismissal, as applicable, 
notwithstanding when the tolling or suspension began in accordance with this Credit 
Linked Condition 7. Without prejudice to any amounts payable pursuant to Credit 
Linked Condition 8 (Reversals and Adjustments to Credit Event Determination Dates), 
no additional amounts shall be payable by the Issuer in connection with any such 
suspension. 
8. 
REVERSALS AND ADJUSTMENTS TO CREDIT EVENT DETERMINATION 
DATES 
(a) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Credit Linked Conditions, no Credit 
Event Determination Date will occur, and any Credit Event Determination Date 
previously determined with respect to an event shall be deemed not to have occurred, 
if, or to the extent that the Calculation Agent determines that, prior to the relevant 
Auction Final Price Determination Date in respect of an Applicable Auction, a related 
Valuation Date, any relevant Physical Settlement Date (or, if earlier a Delivery Date), 
or any other relevant date relating to the redemption of the Notes, as applicable, an 
Applicable DC No Credit Event Announcement occurs with respect to the relevant 
Reference Entity or Obligation thereof. 
(b) 
If, following the occurrence of a Credit Event, the related Credit Event Determination 
Date is deemed to have occurred on a date that is earlier than the date originally 
determined to be the Credit Event Determination Date for the purposes of the Note as 
a result of the application of the definition of Credit Event Determination Date and/or 
any Applicable Request or Applicable Resolution then: 
(i) 
if the Notes are redeemed pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 4 (Cash 
Settlement) or Credit Linked Condition 6 (Auction Settlement), an amount equal 
to the relevant Adjustment Amount (if any) shall be deducted to the fullest 
extent possible from the relevant Cash Settlement Amount or Auction Cash 
Settlement Amount, as applicable; or

--- Page 345 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 345 - 
47-41009328 
 
(ii) 
if the Notes are redeemed pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 5 (Physical 
Settlement), the Adjustment Amount (if any) shall be deemed to be a Delivery 
Expense for the purposes of Credit Linked Condition 5(j). 
(c) 
Without prejudice to Credit Linked Condition 6(c), if an Applicable DC No Credit 
Event Announcement occurs following the determination of a Credit Event 
Determination Date but prior to the related Auction Final Price Determination Date in 
respect of an Applicable Auction, a related Valuation Date, any related Physical 
Settlement Date (or, Delivery Date if earlier), or any other relevant date relating to the 
redemption of the Notes, as applicable, then the Credit Event Determination Date 
originally determined for the purposes of the Notes shall be deemed not to have 
occurred (an "Credit Event Determination Date Reversal"). The occurrence of a 
Credit Event Determination Date Reversal shall not prejudice the occurrence or 
determination of any subsequent Credit Event Determination Date(s) in relation to the 
relevant Reference Entity (if applicable). Notwithstanding Credit Linked Condition 9, 
if a Credit Event Determination Date Reversal occurs, each Note shall recommence to 
accrue interest (in accordance with the Base Conditions) from the Interest Payment 
Date (the "Interest Recommencement Date") immediately following the relevant 
Applicable DC No Credit Event Announcement, and an amount equal to the Additional 
Interest Amount shall be payable on such Interest Recommencement Date. 
9. 
INTEREST PAYMENT DATE AND MATURITY DATE POSTPONEMENT 
(a) 
If Interest Payment Date Postponement is specified as being applicable in the Final 
Terms and in respect of any Interest Payment Date (including the Scheduled Maturity 
Date): 
(i) 
a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred on or prior to the relevant 
Interest Payment Cut-off Date, interest shall cease to accrue on (but excluding) 
the date of such occurrence, such accrued interest being payable on the Cash 
Settlement Date, Physical Settlement Date or Auction Cash Settlement Date, as 
the case may be (and no amount of interest otherwise payable on the relevant 
Interest Payment Date shall be due or payable), provided that in the event that 
the Notes are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes or Tranche Notes, interest shall 
cease to accrue only on the relevant Applicable Proportion of the Specified 
Denomination of each Note; and 
(ii) 
an Uncured Default exists on the relevant Interest Payment Cut-off Date, the 
interest payment payable on the relevant Interest Payment Date shall be 
suspended and either (as applicable): 
(x) 
if, after the relevant Interest Payment Cut-off Date, a Default Correction 
Date occurs in respect of any such Uncured Default, (subject to 
paragraph (i) above) the suspended amount of interest which would have 
been payable on such Interest Payment Date in the absence of such 
Uncured Default shall be payable on the Deferred Interest Payment Date 
and no additional amount shall be due in respect of any such delay in 
payment; or 
(y) 
if a Failure to Pay subsequently occurs on or prior to the Extension Date, 
interest shall be deemed to have ceased to accrue on (but excluding) the

--- Page 346 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 346 - 
47-41009328 
 
date of such occurrence, such accrued interest being payable on the Cash 
Settlement Date, Physical Settlement Date or Auction Cash Settlement 
Date, as the case may be (and no amount of interest which would 
otherwise have been payable in the absence of such Uncured Default 
shall be due or payable), provided that in the event that the Notes are 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes or Tranche Notes, interest shall be 
suspended or deemed to cease to accrue only on the relevant Applicable 
Proportion of the Specified Denomination of each Note. 
(b) 
If, an Applicable Request in respect of a Credit Event is made on or prior to any Interest 
Payment Cut-off Date or the Scheduled Maturity Date in respect of which an Applicable 
Resolution has not been published, the payment of interest (if any) scheduled to be paid 
to Noteholders on the relevant Interest Payment Date (including the Scheduled Maturity 
Date), will be suspended, provided that in the event that the Notes are Linear Basket 
Credit Linked Notes or Tranche Notes, interest shall be suspended only on the relevant 
Applicable Proportion of the Specified Denomination of each Note. If in connection 
with such Applicable Request either (i) an Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement 
is made but the Calculation Agent determines that the Credit Event Determination Date 
relating thereto is a date falling after such Interest Payment Date (including the 
Scheduled Maturity Date), or (ii) an Applicable DC No Credit Event Announcement is 
made, payment of the suspended interest will be made five Business Days after the date 
in respect of which the Credit Event Determination Date is so determined or the date of 
Applicable DC No Credit Event Announcement, as applicable. If in connection with 
such Applicable Request, an Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement is made and 
the Calculation Agent determines that the Credit Event Determination Date relating 
thereto is a date falling on or prior to such Interest Payment Date or the Maturity Date, 
no payment of the suspended interest will be made. 
(c) 
If "Accrual Interest" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms and a Credit 
Event Determination Date has occurred, interest shall cease to accrue on (but excluding) 
the Accrual Interest End Date and the accrued Interest Amount shall be payable on the 
Cash Settlement Date, Physical Settlement Date or Auction Cash Settlement Date, as 
the case may be (and no amount of remuneration otherwise payable on the relevant 
Interest Payment Date shall be due or payable), provided that in the event that the Notes 
are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes or Tranche Notes, interest shall cease to accrue 
only on the relevant Applicable Redemption Proportion of the Notional Amount of each 
Note. 
(d) 
No additional amount in respect of interest and no adjustment shall be made to the 
amount of any interest in connection with the delay or postponement of any payment 
of interest pursuant to Credit Linked Conditions 9(a) and (b) above. The Issuer shall 
endeavor to give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 12 
(Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable should any payment of interest be 
suspended and/or postponed pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition 9. 
Notwithstanding any other provisions, no interest shall accrue after the Scheduled 
Maturity Date. 
(e) 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, if, on or prior to the 
Scheduled Maturity Date, the Calculation Agent determines that:

--- Page 347 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 347 - 
47-41009328 
 
(i) 
a Credit Event has occurred or may occur on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity 
Date; 
(ii) 
Repudiation/Moratorium is listed as a Credit Event in the applicable Final 
Terms and "Repudiation/Moratorium Scheduled Maturity Date Postponement" 
is stated as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred or may occur on or prior to the 
Scheduled Maturity Date; and/or 
(iii) 
Failure to Pay is listed as a Credit Event in the applicable Final Terms and a 
Potential Failure to Pay has occurred or may occur on or prior to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date; and/or 
(iv) 
an Applicable Request has been made on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity 
Date in respect of which an Applicable Resolution has not been published; and 
in each case, no Credit Event Determination Date has occurred as at the Scheduled 
Maturity Date (each such event a "Maturity Date Postponement Event"), the 
Calculation Agent may deliver an Extension Notice to the Issuer (and the Issuer shall 
endeavor to give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 12 
(Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable following receipt of such Extension Notice) 
and the Maturity Date shall be postponed to the Extended Maturity Date, subject to the 
provisions of Credit Linked Conditions 2 and 9(f). 
(f) 
The payments of any accrued but unpaid interest scheduled to be paid on the Scheduled 
Maturity Date will not be paid and shall be postponed pursuant to the foregoing 
provided that in the event that the Notes are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes or 
Tranche Notes, interest shall be postponed only on the relevant Applicable Proportion 
of the Specified Denomination of each Note. No adjustment shall be made to the 
amount of any interest as a result of any such delay as described in Credit Linked 
Condition 9(e) above. 
(g) 
In the circumstances described in Credit Linked Condition 9(e) above, if a Credit Event 
Determination Date occurs during the Credit Observation Period (subject to Credit 
Linked Condition 8 (Reversals and Adjustments to Credit Event Determination Dates)), 
each Note shall be redeemed pursuant to Credit Linked Conditions 4, 5 or 6, as 
applicable. If no Credit Event Determination Date occurs during the Credit Observation 
Period and no other relevant Maturity Date Postponement Event(s) are outstanding, 
each Note shall be redeemed at its Final Redemption Amount on the Final Payment 
Date. 
(h) 
For the purposes of this Credit Linked Condition 9, a Maturity Date Postponement 
Event will be deemed to be outstanding on any date, if the relevant period in which a 
Credit Event Determination Date may be reversed has not expired. 
10. 
SUCCESSION EVENT 
(a) 
With respect to any Reference Entity, the Calculation Agent will be responsible for 
determining, as soon as reasonably practicable after delivery of a Successor Notice and 
with effect from the Succession Date, which entity or entities qualifies as a Successor 
provided that the Calculation Agent will not make such determination if, at the time of

--- Page 348 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 348 - 
47-41009328 
 
determination, the DC Secretary has publicly announced that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved there is no Successor based on 
the relevant succession to Relevant Obligations and the Calculation Agent determines 
that such Resolution is an Applicable Resolution. A copy of the notice of any 
determination of a Successor shall be given to Noteholders in accordance with Base 
Condition 12 (Notices). The Calculation Agent will make all calculations and 
determinations required to be made under this Credit Linked Condition 10 on the basis 
of Eligible Information and will notify the Issuer, who will in turn notify Noteholders, 
of any such calculation or determination as soon as practicable. In calculating the 
percentages used to determine whether an entity qualifies as a Successor under this 
Credit Linked Condition 10, if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall 
consider all related successions in respect us such Steps Plan in aggregate as if forming 
part of a single succession. 
(b) 
If two or more entities (each, a "Joint Potential Successor") jointly succeed to a 
Relevant Obligation (the "Joint Relevant Obligation") either directly or as a provider 
of a Relevant Guarantee, then (i) if the Joint Relevant Obligation was a direct obligation 
of the Reference Entity, it shall be treated as having been succeeded to by the Joint 
Potential Successor (or Joint Potential Successors, in equal parts) which succeeded to 
such Joint Relevant Obligation as direct obligor or obligors, or (ii) if the Joint Relevant 
Obligation was a Relevant Guarantee, it shall be treated as having been succeeded to 
by the Joint Potential Successor (or Joint Potential Successors, in equal parts) which 
succeeded to such Joint Relevant Obligation as guarantor or guarantors, if any, or 
otherwise by each Joint Potential Successor in equal parts. 
(c) 
Where the Notes are Single Name Credit Linked Notes: 
(i) 
Where a Succession Event has occurred and more than one Successor has been 
identified by the Calculation Agent, each such Successor will be deemed to be 
a Reference Entity for the purposes of the Notes, and to the extent applicable, 
the Calculation Agent shall apportion any outstanding principal amounts or any 
other relevant calculation amounts equally in relation to each Successor. 
(ii) 
Where a Credit Event occurs in respect of a Reference Entity after such a 
Succession Event, the provisions of the relevant Credit Linked Conditions shall 
be deemed to apply to the principal amount represented by that Reference Entity 
only (the "Partial Principal Amount") and all such provisions shall be 
construed accordingly. Each Note shall thereafter be redeemed in part (such 
redeemed part being equal to the relevant proportion of the Partial Principal 
Amount). 
(iii) 
The Notes shall be deemed to be redeemed pro rata in an amount equal to the 
Partial Principal Amount only. The Notes in an amount equal to the outstanding 
principal amount of the Notes less the Partial Principal Amount shall remain 
outstanding (the "Remaining Amount") and interest shall accrue on the 
Remaining Amount as provided for in the Base Conditions and the applicable 
Final Terms (adjusted in such manner as the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion determines to be appropriate).

--- Page 349 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 349 - 
47-41009328 
 
(iv) 
The provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall apply to any subsequent 
Credit Event Notices delivered in respect of any of the other Reference Entities 
that are identified as a result of the Succession Event. 
(d) 
Where the Notes are Basket Credit Linked Notes: 
(i) 
Where a Succession Event has occurred in respect of a Reference Entity and 
more than one Successor has been identified, each Successor will be the 
Reference Entity (each a "Successor Reference Entity") for the purposes of the 
Notes, for the avoidance of doubt, such Reference Entity shall no longer be a 
Reference Entity. 
(ii) 
Following the occurrence of a Succession Event, upon the occurrence of a 
Credit Event Determination Date with respect to any of the Reference Entities 
unaffected by a Succession Event, the Remaining Amount of the Notes will be 
redeemed in accordance with the provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions 
relating to Basket Credit Linked Notes. 
(iii) 
Where a Credit Event occurs in respect of a Successor Reference Entity, the 
provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be deemed to apply to the 
Partial Principal Amount of the relevant Successor Reference Entity and all the 
provisions shall be construed accordingly. Each Note shall thereafter be 
redeemed in a proportion equal to the relevant proportion which the Partial 
Principal Amount forms of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the 
Notes as of the Issue Date. 
(iv) 
Following a partial redemption of the Notes pursuant to sub-paragraph (iii) 
above, interest shall accrue on the remaining outstanding principal amount of 
the Notes equal to the aggregate outstanding principal amount immediately 
prior to the redemption as provided for in these Credit Linked Conditions 
(adjusted in such manner as the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion determines to be appropriate). 
(v) 
The provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall apply to any subsequent 
Credit Event Notices delivered in respect of any Reference Entities following 
the occurrence of a Succession Event. For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions 
of this Credit Linked Condition 7(b) shall apply to each Succession Event. 
(e) 
Where the Notes are First-to-Default Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Credit 
Linked Notes or Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes: 
(i) 
Where a Succession Event has occurred in respect of a Reference Entity (each 
such Reference Entity and any Reference Entity previously the subject of a 
Succession Event, a "Succession Event Reference Entity" and the Reference 
Entities unaffected by such Succession Event or any previous Succession Event, 
the "Non-Succession Event Reference Entities") and more than one Successor 
has been identified by the Calculation Agent, each such Successor will be 
deemed to be a Reference Entity for the purposes of the Notes (each a 
"Successor Entity") and, to the extent applicable, the Calculation Agent shall 
apportion any outstanding principal amounts or any other relevant calculation 
amounts equally in relation to each Successor Reference Entity.

--- Page 350 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 350 - 
47-41009328 
 
(ii) 
Following the occurrence of a Succession Event, the occurrence of a Credit 
Event Determination Date with respect to any of the Non-Succession Event 
Reference Entities will cause the Notes to be redeemed in full in accordance 
with the provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions; provided that, in the case 
of Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes, the occurrence of a Credit Event 
Determination Date following a Credit Event with respect to any of the Non-
Succession Event Reference Entities will only cause the Notes to be redeemed 
in full as aforesaid where such Non-Succession Event Reference Entity is the 
Nth Reference Entity with respect to which a Credit Event Determination Date 
has occurred. 
(iii) 
Where a Credit Event occurs in respect of a Successor Reference Entity, the 
relevant provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be deemed to apply 
to the Partial Principal Amount of the Notes represented by the relevant 
Successor Reference Entity only; provided that, in the case of Nth -to-Default 
Credit Linked Notes, that such Successor Reference Entity is the Nth Reference 
Entity with respect to which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, 
and all the provisions shall be construed accordingly. Subject as aforesaid, the 
Notes shall thereafter be redeemed in a proportion equal to the relevant 
proportion which the Partial Principal Amount forms of the aggregate 
outstanding principal amount of the Notes as of the Issue Date. 
(iv) 
Subject as provided in Credit Linked Condition 9 (Interest Date and Maturity 
Date Postponement), following a partial redemption of the Notes pursuant to 
sub-paragraph (iii) above, interest shall accrue on the remaining outstanding 
principal amount of the Notes immediately following the partial redemption as 
provided for in the Base Conditions and these Credit Linked Conditions 
(adjusted in such manner as the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion determines to be appropriate). 
(v) 
The provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall apply to any subsequent 
Credit Event Notices delivered in respect of any other Successor Reference 
Entities formed as a result of one or more Succession Events and/or any of the 
Non-Succession Event Reference Entities. For the avoidance of doubt, the 
provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 10(e)(v) shall apply to each 
Succession Event. 
(f) 
Where the effect of the foregoing provisions would be to specify a Reference Entity 
more than once with respect to the Notes, that Reference Entity shall be deemed to be 
specified only once. 
(g) 
Save as otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms, where any Reference Entity 
(the "Surviving Reference Entity") (other than a Reference Entity that is subject to a 
Succession Event) would be a Successor to any other Reference Entity (the "Legacy 
Reference Entity") pursuant to a Succession Event through the application of the 
foregoing provisions, such Surviving Reference Entity shall be deemed a Successor to 
the Legacy Reference Entity and if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause 
"N-to-M-to-Default" is stated as being "Applicable", the Reference Entity Weighting of 
the Surviving Reference Entity shall remain the Reference Entity Weighting of the 
Surviving Reference Entity in effect prior to the Succession Event and the Reference 
Entity Weighting of the entity having replaced the Legacy Reference Entity shall be

--- Page 351 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 351 - 
47-41009328 
 
equal to the Reference Entity Weighting of the Legacy Reference Entity prior to the 
Succession Event. 
(h) 
Save as otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms, in the event that (x) the Issuer 
becomes a Successor to any Reference Entity as a result of the application of the 
foregoing provisions, (y) the Issuer and any Reference Entity become Affiliates or (z) 
the Issuer or a Reference Entity consolidates or amalgamates with, or merges into, or 
transfers all or substantially all its assets to, a Reference Entity or the Issuer (as 
applicable), then the Issuer shall forthwith give notice of such circumstance to 
Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 12 (Notices). In such event, the Issuer 
may, but shall not be obliged to, on giving not more than thirty (30) nor less than fifteen 
(15) calendar days' notice to Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 12 
(Notices) (the "Seller Merger Notice"), redeem all but not some of the Notes at the 
Early Redemption Amount specified in the Seller Merger Notice. 
(i) 
The applicable Final Terms may be amended and restated at such time to reflect the 
effect of a Succession Event without the consent of the Noteholders and the Noteholders 
are deemed to agree to this provision by the purchase of the Notes. 
(j) 
If one or more of the Successors to the Reference Entity have not assumed the 
Reference Obligation (if any) specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation 
Agent may select a Substitute Reference Obligation in accordance with the definition 
of "Substitute Reference Obligation". 
(k) 
Any determinations under each of sub-paragraphs (a) to (g) above and any 
determinations under the Final Terms connected with or as a result of a Succession 
Event or otherwise shall be made by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion and in 
good faith and, in the absence of manifest error, shall be conclusive and binding on all 
parties. 
11. 
RESTRUCTURING CREDIT EVENT 
(a) 
Upon the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring, the Notifying Party may deliver 
multiple Credit Event Notices with respect to such M(M)R Restructuring, each such 
Credit Event Notice setting forth the amount of the aggregate outstanding principal 
amount of the Notes or, if the Notes are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes or Tranche 
Notes, of the Related Nominal Amount in respect of the relevant Reference Entity, as 
applicable, to which such Credit Event Notice relates (the "Exercise Amount"). If the 
relevant Credit Event Notice does not specify an Exercise Amount, then the aggregate 
outstanding principal amount of the Notes outstanding immediately prior to the delivery 
of such Credit Event Notice or, if the Notes are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes or 
Tranche Notes, the Related Nominal Amount in respect of the relevant Reference Entity 
immediately prior to the delivery of such Credit Event Notice, as applicable, will be 
deemed to have been specified as the Exercise Amount. Notwithstanding anything to 
the contrary in these Credit Linked Conditions, where an M(M)R Restructuring has 
occurred and the Notifying Party has delivered a Credit Event Notice for an amount 
that is less than the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Notes immediately 
prior to the delivery of such Credit Event Notice, the provisions of these Credit Linked 
Conditions shall be deemed to apply to a principal amount equal to the Exercise 
Amount only and all the provisions shall be construed accordingly. Each such Note 
shall be redeemed in part (such redeemed part being equal to the relevant proportion of

--- Page 352 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 352 - 
47-41009328 
 
the Exercise Amount). The Exercise Amount shall be subject to any minimum Exercise 
Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
The Notes shall be deemed to be redeemed pro rata in an amount equal to the Exercise 
Amount only. The Notes in an amount equal to the aggregate outstanding principal 
amount of the Notes (immediately prior to the redemption thereof) less the Exercise 
Amount shall remain outstanding (the "Outstanding Amount") and interest shall 
accrue on the Outstanding Amount as provided for in the Base Conditions, these Credit 
Linked Conditions and the applicable Final Terms (adjusted in such manner as the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion determines to be appropriate). 
(c) 
In respect of any subsequent Credit Event Notices delivered in respect of the Reference 
Entity that was the subject of the Credit Event Notice referred to above: 
(i) 
the Exercise Amount in connection with a Credit Event Notice describing a 
Credit Event other than an M(M)R Restructuring must be equal to the then 
outstanding principal amount of the Notes at such time (and not a portion 
thereof); and 
(ii) 
the Exercise Amount in connection with a Credit Event Notice describing an 
M(M)R Restructuring must be an amount that is at least 1,000,000 units of the 
currency (or, if Japanese Yen, 100,000,000 units) in which the Notes are 
denominated or any integral multiple thereof or the entire then outstanding 
principal amount of the Notes at such time. 
(d) 
For the avoidance of doubt, in the case of a First-to-Default Credit Linked Note, once 
a Restructuring Credit Event has occurred in respect of a Reference Entity, no further 
Credit Event Notices may be delivered in respect of any Reference Entity other than 
the Reference Entity that was the subject of the first occurring M(M)R Restructuring. 
In the case of an Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Note, if an M(M)R Restructuring has 
occurred in respect of the Nth Reference Entity, no further Credit Event Notices may be 
delivered in respect of any Reference Entity other than the Nth Reference Entity. In the 
case of a Linear Basket Credit Linked Note, the fact that an M(M)R Restructuring has 
occurred in respect of a Reference Entity shall not preclude delivery of a Credit Event 
Notice in respect of any other Reference Entity. 
(e) 
If "Mod R" is specified in the applicable Final Terms and Restructuring is the only 
Credit Event specified in a Credit Event Notice, then unless the Deliverable Obligation 
is a Prior Deliverable Obligation and Asset Package Delivery applies due to a 
Governmental Intervention, a Deliverable Obligation may be specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement or in any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, and may be 
included in the Deliverable Obligations only if it (i) is a Fully Transferable Obligation 
and (ii) has a final maturity date not later than the Restructuring Maturity Limitation 
Date, in each case, as of both the NOPS Effective Date and the Delivery Date. 
(f) 
If "Mod R" is specified in the applicable Final Terms and Restructuring is the only 
Credit Event specified in a Credit Event Notice, then unless the Deliverable Obligation 
is a Prior Deliverable Obligation and Asset Package Delivery applies due to a 
Governmental Intervention, a Deliverable Obligation may be specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement or in any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, and may be 
included in the Deliverable Obligations only if it (i) is a Conditionally Transferable

--- Page 353 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 353 - 
47-41009328 
 
Obligation and (ii) has a final maturity date not later than the applicable Modified 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date, in each case, as of both the NOPS Effective 
Date and the Delivery Date. 
(g) 
If the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 11 apply in respect of the Notes, on 
redemption of part of each such Note, the relevant Note or, if the Notes are represented 
by a Global Note, such Global Note shall be endorsed to reflect such partial redemption. 
12. 
THE CALCULATION AGENT 
The Calculation Agent shall be responsible for determining each amount, state of 
affairs, circumstance, event and other matter, and may form any opinion and exercise 
any discretion, required or permitted to be determined, formed or exercised, as the case 
may be, for the purpose of these Credit Linked Conditions and as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms. Any such determination, opinion or exercise of discretion shall 
be made in the Calculation Agent's sole and absolute discretion and will be final and 
binding on the Issuer and each Noteholder. Unless expressly stated otherwise in these 
Credit Linked Conditions, the Calculation Agent shall not be bound to follow or act in 
accordance with any determination of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee. 
When determining the existence or occurrence of any Potential Failure to Pay, Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium or any Credit Event as specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Calculation Agent shall make such determination based on the occurrence of an 
event whether or not the occurrence of the relevant event arises directly or indirectly 
from or is subject to a defence based upon (a) any lack or alleged lack of authority or 
capacity of the relevant Reference Entity to enter into any Obligation or, as applicable, 
an Underlying Obligor or Insured Obligor, as the case may be, to enter into any 
Underlying Obligation or Insured Instrument, as the case may be, (b) any actual or 
alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility, invalidity, force majeure event or act 
of state, with respect to any Obligation or, as applicable, any Underlying Obligation or 
Insured Instrument, as the case may be, however described, (c) any applicable law, 
order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the promulgation of, or any 
change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or similar 
administrative or judicial body with competent or apparent jurisdiction of any 
applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or (d) the 
imposition of or any change in any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any other 
similar restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority. 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable after obtaining any Quotation (if 
applicable), notify the Noteholders in writing of each such Quotation that it receives in 
connection with the calculation of the Final Price and shall provide to the Noteholders 
a written computation showing its calculation of the Final Price. 
Neither the Calculation Agent nor the Issuer shall have any responsibility to the 
Noteholders for good faith errors or omissions in the Calculation Agent's calculations 
and determinations made for the purposes of the Base Conditions or these Credit Linked 
Conditions, whether caused by negligence or otherwise.

--- Page 354 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 354 - 
47-41009328 
 
13. 
MODIFICATIONS TO THE BASE CONDITIONS AND FINAL TERMS AND 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO TIMING AND PAYMENT TIMING 
(a) 
For the purposes of Credit Linked Notes: 
(i) 
if Interest Period End Dates are specified in the applicable Final Terms, then, 
notwithstanding Base Condition 3(a) (Definitions) of the Base Conditions, 
"Fixed Interest Period" and "Interest Period" shall mean the period from (and 
including) an Interest Period End Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to 
(but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Period End Date. In such 
circumstances, interest shall accrue on the Notes at the Interest Rate during the 
relevant Fixed Interest Period or Interest Period (as the case may be) and shall 
be payable on the Interest Payment Date or Specified Interest Payment Date (as 
the case may be) immediately following such Fixed Interest Period or Interest 
Period (as the case may be); and 
(ii) 
references to "Interest Payment Date" in the definition of "Day Count Fraction" 
in Base Condition 3 (Interest and Other Calculations) of the Base Conditions 
shall be construed as references to "Interest Period End Date" as defined in these 
Credit Linked Conditions. 
(b) 
Where a Transaction Type Standard Terms are specified in the Final Terms as 
applicable and the Transaction Type is specified therein in respect of any Reference 
Entity, then the provisions of these Terms shall apply with respect to such Reference 
Entity in accordance with the Physical Settlement Matrix as it applies to such 
Transaction Type, as though such Physical Settlement Matrix were set out in full in the 
Final Terms provided, however, that (i) in case of conflict between the provisions of 
the Physical Settlement Matrix and those of these Credit Linked Conditions, the 
provisions of the Physical Settlement Matrix shall prevail and (ii) in case of conflict 
between the provisions of the Physical Settlement Matrix and those of the Final Terms, 
these latter shall prevail. 
(c) 
In order to determine the day on which an event occurs for the purposes of these Credit 
Linked Conditions, the demarcation of days shall be made by reference to Greenwich 
Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the Reference Entity relates to Japan, Tokyo 
Time), irrespective of the time zone in which such event occurred. Any event occurring 
at midnight shall be deemed to have occurred immediately prior to midnight. 
(d) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a payment is not made by the Reference Entity on its 
due date or, as the case may be, on the final day of the relevant Grace Period, then such 
failure to make a payment shall be deemed to have occurred on such day prior to 
midnight Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the Reference Entity 
relates to Japan, Tokyo Time), irrespective of the time zone of its place of payment. 
14. 
ADDITIONAL DISRUPTION EVENTS 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, 
the Issuer may settle all but not some of the Notes by giving notice to Noteholders in 
accordance with Base Condition 12 of the Base Conditions. If the Notes are so settled, 
the Issuer will pay an amount to each Noteholder in respect of each Note equal to the 
fair market value of such Note taking into account the Additional Disruption Event, less

--- Page 355 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 355 - 
47-41009328 
 
the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related Hedging 
Arrangements all as determined by the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable 
manner.  
15. 
DEFINITIONS 
For the purposes of these Credit Linked Conditions, the following words shall have the 
following meaning: 
"Accelerated or Matured" means an obligation under which the principal amount 
owed, whether by reason of maturity, acceleration, upon termination or otherwise is 
due and payable in full in accordance with the terms of such obligation, or would have 
been but for, and without regard to, any limitation imposed under any applicable 
insolvency laws. 
"Accrual Interest End Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Additional Disruption Event" means any of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, 
and/or Increased Cost of Hedging, in each case if specified as applying in the Final 
Terms. 
"Additional Interest Amount" means an amount in the Relevant Currency determined 
by the Calculation Agent in respect of each Note equal to the sum of: 
(a) 
each amount of interest that would have been payable in respect of each Note, 
but for the operation of Credit Linked Condition 9 (Interest Payment Date and 
Maturity Date Postponement) and the original determination of the Credit Event 
Determination Date, on each Interest Payment Date falling after the date 
originally determined to be the Credit Event Determination Date, to and 
including the Interest Recommencement Date; and 
(b) 
interest accrued on each such amount on a daily basis at the applicable 
Overnight Rate as determined by the Calculation Agent for the period from, and 
including, the Interest Payment Date on which the relevant amount of interest 
that would have been paid but for the operation of Credit Linked Condition 9 
(Interest Payment Date and Maturity Date Postponement) and the original 
determination of the Credit Event Determination Date to, but excluding, the 
Interest Recommencement Date. For the avoidance such interest will be 
compounded on a daily basis. 
"Adjustment Amount" means an amount in the Relevant Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in respect of each Note equal to the sum of: 
(a) 
each amount of interest in respect of each Note that would not have been paid 
(if any) on any Interest Payment Date to Noteholders had the earlier Credit 
Event Determination Date been the date originally determined as the Credit 
Event Determination Date; and 
(b) 
interest accrued on each such amount on a daily basis at the applicable 
Overnight Rate as determined by the Calculation Agent for the period from, and 
including, the Interest Payment Date on which the relevant interest amount was

--- Page 356 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 356 - 
47-41009328 
 
paid to, but excluding, the date on which the Notes are redeemed. For the 
avoidance such interest will be compounded on a daily basis. 
"Affiliate" means, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, 
by the person, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the person or any entity 
directly or indirectly under common control with the person. For this purpose "control" 
of any entity or person means ownership of a majority of the voting power of the entity 
or person. 
"Aggregate Loss Amount" means at any time, for a Tranche Note, the lowest of: 
(1) 
the Tranche Notional Amount; and 
(2) 
the highest of (x) zero and (y) the difference between (xx) the aggregate of the 
Loss Amount for all Reference Entities in respect of which a Credit Event 
Determination Date has occurred and (xy) the Tranche Subordination Amount. 
"Applicable Auction" means an Auction which the Calculation Agent determines is 
relevant to a Credit Event with respect to a Reference Entity and Obligations thereof 
and which relates to deliverable obligations which would constitute Reference 
Obligation(s) and/or Deliverable Obligation(s) under the Notes (for which purpose the 
Calculation Agent may take into account (a) the credit derivatives transaction(s), credit 
event, reference entity, obligations and deliverable obligations to which the Auction 
relates and if the Auction relates to a Restructuring Credit Event, the scheduled maturity 
date of the Notes and the scheduled termination date of the credit derivatives 
transactions covered by the Auction and the maturity date of the deliverable obligations 
to which the Auction relates, and (b) any credit hedging transaction that the Issuer has 
entered or may enter into in connection with the Notes). 
"Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms" means with respect to a 
Reference Entity, a Credit Event and an Applicable Auction, the Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms (if any) which the Calculation Agent determines are relevant 
to the Notes (for which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account (a) the 
credit derivatives transaction(s), credit event, reference entity and obligation(s) and 
deliverable obligations which are the subject of the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms and the Credit Events, Reference Entities and Obligations and 
Deliverable Obligations under the Notes and (b) any credit hedging transaction that the 
Issuer has entered or may enter into in connection with the Notes). The Calculation 
Agent shall, as soon as practicable after the relevant Applicable Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms are published, notify the Issuer that Applicable Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms have been published with respect to a Reference 
Entity and a Credit Event and make a copy thereof available for inspection by 
Noteholders at the specified office of the Paying Agents. 
"Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement" means a DC Credit Event 
Announcement which the Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Notes (for 
which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account (a) the credit derivatives 
transaction(s), credit event, reference entity and obligation(s) thereof to which such DC 
Credit Event Announcement relates and the terms of the Notes and (b) any credit 
hedging transaction that the Issuer has entered or may enter into in connection with the 
Notes).

--- Page 357 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 357 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Applicable DC No Credit Event Announcement" means a DC No Credit Event 
Announcement which the Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Notes (for 
which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account (a) the credit derivatives 
transaction(s), credit event, reference entity and obligation(s) thereof which are the 
subject of the DC No Credit Event Announcement and the Credit Events, Reference 
Entities and Obligations thereof under the Notes and (b) any credit hedging transaction 
that the Issuer has entered or may enter into in connection with the Notes). 
"Applicable Redemption Proportion" means in respect of a redemption of a Note and 
a Credit Event: 
(a) 
if the Note is not a Linear Basket Credit Linked Note, 100 per cent.; 
(b) 
if the Note is a Linear Basket Credit Linked Note, an amount (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Related Nominal Amount of the Reference Entity to 
which the Credit Event relates divided by the outstanding principal amount of 
the Notes outstanding as of the related Credit Event Determination Date. 
(c) 
if the Note is a Tranche Note, an amount (expressed as a percentage), equal to: 
୒ି୬
୒ି୔୰୭୲ୣୡ୲ୣୢ ୈୣ୤ୟ୳୪୲ୣୢ ୖୣ୤ୣ୰ୣ୬ୡୣ ୉୬୲୧୲୧ୣୱ 
Where: 
"N" indicates the number of Reference Entities comprised in the Reference 
Portfolio; and 
"n" is the number of Reference Entities in respect of which a Credit Event has 
occurred from the Credit Observation Start Date until the date on which a Credit 
Event has occurred in respect of any Relevant Defaulted Reference Entities. For 
example, upon the occurrence of a Credit Event in respect to the eighth 
Reference Entity (which is also a Relevant Defaulted Reference Entity), "n" 
shall be equal to 8. 
"Applicable Request" means a request that a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee be convened to Resolve the matters described in the definition of Credit 
Event Resolution Request Date or Successor Resolution Request Date, as applicable, 
which the Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Notes (for which purpose the 
Calculation Agent may take into account (a) the credit derivatives transaction(s), credit 
event, succession event, reference entity and obligation(s) thereof which are the subject 
of the request and the Credit Events, Reference Entities and Obligations thereof under 
the Notes and (b) any credit hedging transaction that the Issuer has entered or may enter 
into in connection with the Notes). 
"Applicable Resolution" means a Resolution of a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee which the Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Notes (for which 
purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account (a) the credit derivatives 
transaction(s), credit event, succession event, reference entity and obligation(s) thereof 
and any other factor to which the Resolution relates and the terms of the Notes and (b) 
any hedging transaction that the Issuer has entered or may enter into in connection with 
the Notes).

--- Page 358 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 358 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms" means, with respect to a 
Reference Entity and a Credit Event, the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement 
Terms which the Calculation Agent determines constitute Applicable Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Asset" means each obligation, equity, amount of cash, security, fee (including any 
"early-bird" or other consent fee), right and/or other asset, whether tangible or 
otherwise and whether issued, incurred, paid or provided by the Reference Entity or a 
third party (or any value which was realised or capable of being realised in 
circumstances where the right and/or other asset no longer exists). 
"Asset Market Value" means the market value of an Asset, as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine by reference to an appropriate specialist valuation or in accordance with 
the methodology determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
"Asset Package" means, in respect of an Asset Package Credit Event, all of the Assets 
in the proportion received or retained by a Relevant Holder in connection with such 
relevant Asset Package Credit Event (which may include the Prior Deliverable 
Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as the case may be). If the Relevant Holder is 
offered a choice of Assets or a choice of combinations of Assets, the Asset Package 
will be the Largest Asset Package. If the Relevant Holder is offered, receives and retains 
nothing, the Asset Package shall be deemed to be zero. 
"Asset Package Credit Event" means: 
(a) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
a Governmental Intervention; or 
(ii) 
a Restructuring in respect of the Reference Obligation, if 
"Restructuring" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and such Restructuring does not constitute a Governmental Intervention; 
and 
(b) 
if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and "Restructuring" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a Restructuring, in each case, whether 
or not such event is specified as the applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event 
Notice or the DC Credit Event Announcement. 
"Asset Package Delivery" will apply if an Asset Package Credit Event occurs, unless 
(i) such Asset Package Credit Event occurs prior to the Credit Event Backstop Date 
determined in respect of the Credit Event specified in the Credit Event Notice or DC 
Credit Event Announcement applicable to the Credit Event Determination Date, or (ii) 
if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, no Package Observable Bond exists immediately 
prior to such Asset Package Credit Event. 
"Asset Transfer Notice" means a notice that complies with Credit Linked Condition 
5(h), issued by a Noteholder to the Issuer, in connection with a redemption of any Note 
wholly or in part by way of Physical Settlement.

--- Page 359 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 359 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Assignable Loan" means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated to any 
third party or, at a minimum, commercial banks or financial institutions (irrespective of 
their jurisdiction of organisation) that are not then a lender or a member of the relevant 
lending syndicate without the consent of the relevant Reference Entity or the guarantor, 
if any, of such Loan (or the consent of the applicable borrower if a Reference Entity is 
guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent. 
"Attachment Point" means, in respect of Tranche Notes, the number (expressed as a 
percentage) specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Auction" means, with respect to a Reference Entity and a Credit Event, unless 
otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms, an 
auction pursuant to which an Auction Final Price is to be determined in accordance 
with an auction procedure set out in the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement 
Terms. 
"Auction Cancellation Date" means, with respect to an Auction, unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms, the date on 
which such Auction was deemed to have been cancelled as announced by ISDA (and/or 
the administrators specified in the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement 
Terms) on its website or such other date as determined and announced in accordance 
with the relevant Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Auction Cash Settlement Amount" means, in respect of each Note, the amount 
determined in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 6 (Auction Settlement). 
"Auction Cash Settlement Date" means the second Business Day following the 
Auction Settlement Date determined in accordance with the Applicable Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms or such other date specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, as determined by the Issuer. 
"Auction Covered Transaction" has the meaning set forth in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Auction Final Price" means, with respect to an Applicable Auction, unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms, the price 
(expressed as a percentage) in respect of the deliverable obligations which would 
constitute Reference Obligation(s) and/or Deliverable Obligation(s) under the Notes 
determined to be the Auction Final Price in accordance with the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. The Calculation Agent shall as soon as 
practicable after publication of the Auction Final Price in respect of an Applicable 
Auction make available for inspection by Noteholders at the specified office of the 
Paying Agent a copy of the relevant Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms 
and copies of the relevant publication of the Auction Final Price. 
"Auction Final Price Determination Date" means, with respect to an Applicable 
Auction, the day, if any, on which the Auction Final Price is determined or such other 
date as specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Auction Settlement Date" means the date that is the number of Business Days 
specified in the relevant Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms (or, if a

--- Page 360 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 360 - 
47-41009328 
 
number of Business Days is not so specified, three Business Days) immediately 
following the relevant Auction Final Price Determination Date. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means, if "Automatic Early Redemption" is 
specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, (a) an amount specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount is specified, (b) an amount per Specified 
Denomination equal to the product of (i) the Specified Denomination and (ii) the 
relevant Automatic Early Redemption Rate. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date(s)" means, if "Automatic Early Redemption" is 
specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, each of the date(s) specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms, subject in each case to adjustment in accordance with 
Base Condition 4(o). 
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" means, if "Automatic Early Redemption" is 
specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, (unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) that the Reference Entity Level is, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) 
"less than or equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption Level. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Level" means, if "Automatic Early Redemption" is 
specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the Reference Entity Level specified 
as such or otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Rate" means, in respect of any Automatic Early 
Redemption Date and if "Automatic Early Redemption" is specified as being applicable 
in the Final Terms, the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date(s)" means, if "Automatic Early 
Redemption" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, each of the date(s) 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if any such Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day, in each case subject to adjustment in accordance with Base 
Condition 4(o). 
"Average Highest" means, with respect to the Reference Obligation on each Valuation 
Date, the unweighted arithmetic mean of the highest Quotations obtained by the 
Calculation Agent with respect to such Reference Obligation on each such date. 
"Average Market" means, with respect to the Reference Obligation on each Valuation 
Date, the unweighted arithmetic mean of the Market Values determined by the 
Calculation Agent with respect to such Reference Obligation on each such date. 
"Bankruptcy" means, with respect to a Reference Entity, such Reference Entity (a) is 
dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (b) 
becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing its inability 
generally to pay its debts as they become due; (c) makes a general assignment, 
arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors generally, 
or such a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition becomes effective; 
(d) institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency 
or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other law

--- Page 361 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 361 - 
47-41009328 
 
affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, 
and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented against it, 
such proceeding or petition (i) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the 
entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation 
or (ii) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within thirty 
calendar days of the institution or presentation thereof; (e) has a resolution passed for 
its winding-up or liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or 
merger); (f) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, 
provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official 
for it or for all or substantially all its assets; (g) has a secured party take possession of 
all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration 
or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all its 
assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not 
dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within thirty calendar days 
thereafter; or (h) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the 
applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events 
specified in clauses (a) to (g) (inclusive). 
"Basket Credit Linked Note" means Credit Linked Notes where the Issuer purchases 
credit protection from the Noteholders in respect of two or more Reference Entities. 
"Bond" means any obligation of a type included in the definition of "Borrowed Money" 
that is in the form of, or represented by, a bond, note (other than notes delivered 
pursuant to Loans), certificated debt security or other debt security and shall not include 
any other type of Borrowed Money. 
"Bond or Loan" means any obligation that is either a Bond or a Loan. 
"Borrowed Money" means any obligation (excluding an obligation under a revolving 
credit arrangement for which there are no outstanding, unpaid drawings in respect of 
principal) for the payment or repayment of borrowed money (which term shall include, 
without limitation, deposits and reimbursement obligations arising from drawings 
pursuant to letters of credit). 
"Business Day" means: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open in Milan, 
(b) 
a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer (TARGET or TARGET2) System or any successor thereto is 
open, and 
(c) 
any additional city or cities specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Cash Settlement Amount" means, in respect of each Note, the amount determined in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 4 (Cash Settlement). 
"Cash Settlement Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if no date is so specified, the date that is three Business Days following the 
calculation of the Final Price.

--- Page 362 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 362 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the Final 
Terms) (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation 
(including, without limitation, any tax law, solvency, regulatory or capital 
requirements), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by 
any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable 
law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority or financial 
authority), or the combined effect thereof if occurring more than once, the Issuer 
determines that: 
(a) 
it is unable to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes or it has become 
illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant hedge positions in respect of 
the Notes; or 
(b) 
it or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially increased cost (including, 
without limitation, in respect of any tax, solvency, regulatory or capital 
requirements) in maintaining the Notes in issue or in holding, acquiring or 
disposing of any relevant hedge positions of the Notes. 
"Conditionally Transferable Obligation" means a Deliverable Obligation that is 
either Transferable, in the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all 
Modified Eligible Transferees without the consent of any person being required, in the 
case of any Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds, in each case, as of both the NOPS 
Effective Date and the Delivery Date, provided, however, that a Deliverable Obligation 
other than Bonds will be a Conditionally Transferable Obligation notwithstanding that 
consent of the Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of a Deliverable Obligation 
other than Bonds (or the consent of the relevant obligor if the Reference Entity is 
guaranteeing such Deliverable Obligation) or any agent is required for such novation, 
assignment or transfer so long as the terms of such Deliverable Obligation provide that 
such consent may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Any requirement that 
notification of novation, assignment or transfer of a Deliverable Obligation be provided 
to a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent for a 
Deliverable Obligation shall not be considered to be a requirement for consent for 
purposes of this definition. 
"Conforming Reference Obligation" means a Reference Obligation which is a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with sub-paragraph (a) of the 
definition of "Deliverable Obligation". 
"Consent Required Loan" means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated 
with the consent of the relevant Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan 
(or the consent of the relevant borrower if the Reference Entity is guaranteeing such 
Loan) or any agent. 
"Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms" means any Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms published by ISDA, a form of which will be published by 
ISDA on its website at www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto) from time to 
time and may be amended from time to time. 
"Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees" means each committee established 
pursuant to the DC Rules for purposes of reaching certain DC Resolutions in connection 
with credit derivative transactions.

--- Page 363 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 363 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Credit Event" means, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the occurrence of one 
or more of Bankruptcy, Potential Failure to Pay, Failure to Pay, Obligation 
Acceleration, Obligation Default, Repudiation/ Moratorium, Restructuring or 
Governmental Intervention, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, determined on 
the basis of Publicly Available Information by the Calculation Agent. If an occurrence 
would otherwise constitute a Credit Event, such occurrence will constitute a Credit 
Event whether or not such occurrence arises directly or indirectly from: 
(a) 
any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of the Reference Entity to enter 
into any Obligation or, as applicable, an Underlying Obligor to enter into any 
Underlying Obligation; 
(b) 
any actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with 
respect to any Obligation, or, as applicable, any Underlying Obligation however 
described; 
(c) 
any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or 
the promulgation of, or any change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, 
regulatory authority or similar administrative or judicial body with competent 
or apparent jurisdiction of any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or 
notice, however described; or 
(d) 
the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions 
or any other similar restriction imposed by any monetary or other authority, 
however described. 
"Credit Event Backstop Date" means: 
(a) 
for the purposes of any event that constitutes a Credit Event (or with respect to 
Repudiation/Moratorium, if applicable, the event described in sub-paragraph 
(ii) of the definition thereof) as determined by a DC Resolution, provided such 
DC Resolution is an Applicable Resolution, the date that is 60 calendar days 
prior to the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, provided that the Calculation 
Agent determines that the DC Resolution is an Applicable Resolution and the 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date relates to an Applicable Request; or 
(b) 
otherwise, the date that is 60 calendar days prior to the earlier of: 
(i) 
the Notice Delivery Date, if the Notice Delivery Date occurs during the 
Notice Delivery Period; and 
(ii) 
the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, if the Notice Delivery Date 
occurs during the Post Dismissal Additional Period. 
The Credit Event Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention 
"Credit Event Determination Date" means with respect to a Credit Event with respect 
to which: 
(a) 
"Auction Settlement" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 364 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 364 - 
47-41009328 
 
(i) 
subject to sub-paragraph (ii) below, the Notice Delivery Date, if the 
Notice Delivery Date occurs during either the Notice Delivery Period or 
the Post Dismissal Additional Period, provided that neither (A) a DC 
Credit Event Announcement has occurred nor (B) a DC No Credit Event 
Announcement has occurred, in each case, with respect to the Credit 
Event specified in the Credit Event Notice as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; or 
(ii) 
notwithstanding sub-paragraph (i) above, the Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date, if a DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred on or 
prior to the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the 
Trade Date) as determined by the Calculation Agent and either: 
(A) 
 
(1) 
the Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(2) 
the Trade Date occurs on or prior to a DC Announcement 
Coverage Cut-off Date; or 
(B) 
 
(1) 
the Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(2) 
a Credit Event Notice is delivered and is effective on or 
prior to the Exercise Cut-off Date, 
provided that: 
(x) 
no Physical Settlement Date, if applicable, or Cash Settlement 
Date, Auction Cash Settlement Date has occurred on or prior to 
the date on which the DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement 
occurs; 
(y) 
if any Valuation Date or Delivery Date, as applicable, has 
occurred on or prior to the date on which the DC Credit Event 
Meeting Announcement occurs, a Credit Event Determination 
Date shall be deemed to have occurred only with respect to the 
portion of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the 
Notes then outstanding (or, in the case of Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Notes, the Related Nominal Amount in respect of the 
relevant Reference Entity, if any, with respect to which no 
Valuation Date or Delivery Date, as applicable, has occurred; and 
(z) 
no Credit Event Notice specifying an M(M)R Restructuring as 
the only Credit Event has previously been delivered, (aa) unless 
the M(M)R Restructuring specified in such Credit Event Notice 
is also the subject of the DC Credit Event Question resulting in 
the occurrence of the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, (bb) 
unless, and to the extent that, the Exercise Amount specified in 
such Credit Event Notice was less than the aggregate outstanding 
principal amount of the Notes then outstanding or, in the case of

--- Page 365 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 365 - 
47-41009328 
 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, the Related Nominal 
Amount in respect of the relevant Reference Entity or (cc) unless 
the Notional Credit Derivative Transaction is an Auction 
Covered Transaction and the Deliverable Obligations set out on 
the Final List are identical to the Permissible Deliverable 
Obligations for such Notional Credit Derivative Transaction, or 
(b) 
or sub-paragraph (a) of this definition does not apply, the Non-Standard Event 
Determination Date determined in accordance with the definition of Non-
Standard Event Determination Date. 
"Credit Event Notice" means an irrevocable notice from the relevant entity specified 
as the Notifying Party in the applicable Final Terms that describes a Credit Event that 
occurred on or after the Credit Observation Start Date and on or prior to the Extension 
Date. Any Credit Event Notice that describes a Credit Event that occurred after the 
Scheduled Observation End Date must relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in 
the case of a Grace Period Extension Date, or the relevant Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of a Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
A Credit Event Notice that describes a Credit Event other than an M(M)R Restructuring 
must be in respect of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Notes or, in the 
case of Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, the full Related Nominal Amount in respect 
of the relevant Reference Entity. 
The Credit Event Notice shall contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts 
relevant to the determination that a Credit Event has occurred. The Credit Event that is 
the subject of the Credit Event Notice need not be continuing on the date the Credit 
Event Notice is effective. 
"Credit Event Resolution Request Date" means, with respect to DC Credit Event 
Question, the date as publicly announced by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to be the date on which the DC Credit 
Event Question was effective and on which the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee was in possession of Publicly Available Information with 
respect to such DC Credit Event Question. 
"Credit Linked Note" means a Note which is linked to the credit of one or more 
Reference Entities. 
"Credit Observation Period" means the period from the Credit Observation Start Date 
to the Extension Date (both dates inclusive). 
"Credit Observation Start Date" means the date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, provided that if no date is so specified, the Credit Observation Start Date shall 
mean: 
(a) 
in connection with a Credit Event, the earlier to occur of the Issue Date and the 
Credit Event Backstop Date with respect to such Credit Event; and

--- Page 366 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 366 - 
47-41009328 
 
(b) 
in connection with a Succession Event, the earlier to occur of the Issue Date and 
the Successor Backstop Date with respect to such Succession Event, as 
applicable. 
"Credit Participation Factor" means the multiplier used to determine the extent of the 
exposure to the value of the Reference Entity and the determination of amounts due 
under the Credit Linked Notes and which (i) may be higher than, or lower than, or equal 
to 1 (i.e. 100%) and (ii) will be specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Credit Valuation Date" means: 
(a) 
If the applicable Final Terms specify "Cash Settlement" as applicable, and the 
clause "Final Value" is stated as being "Fixed Recovery", the date on which the 
Credit Event Notice is delivered to the relevant Clearing System for the 
information of the Noteholders. 
(b) 
If the applicable Final Terms specify "Physical Settlement" as applicable, the 
date that is two Business Days after the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement 
Date, provided that if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine the final 
price of the Undeliverable Obligation on the Credit Valuation Date (the 
"Original Credit Valuation Date"), the Credit Valuation Date will be such 
later date, within the fifteen (15) Business Days' period following the Original 
Credit Valuation Date, on which the Calculation Agent is able to determine such 
final price; or 
(c) 
If the applicable Final Terms specify "Cash Settlement" as applicable and the 
clause "Final Value" is stated as being "Floating Recovery": 
(i) 
If the Final Value is to be determined pursuant to Auction Settlement, 
the auction date or any other date specified by the relevant Transaction 
Auction Settlement Terms; or 
(ii) 
If no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms are published before 140 
Business Days after the Credit Event Determination Date, or if the Final 
Value is to be determined pursuant to Quotation Method, the Calculation 
Agent will select in its own discretion a date that is on or before the 
160th Business Day following the Credit Event Determination Date (the 
Original Credit Valuation Date), 
PROVIDED THAT if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine the Final Value at 
the latest on the Original Credit Valuation Date, the Credit Valuation Date will be such 
later date, within the fifteen Business Day period following the Original Credit 
Valuation Date, on which the Calculation Agent is able to determine the Final Value, 
PROVIDED FURTHER THAT, under no circumstances will the Final Value be 
determined later than the 180th Business Day following the corresponding Credit Event 
Determination Date. 
"Cumulative Level" means the number of Defaulted Credits specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 367 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 367 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Currency Amount" means, with respect to (a) a Deliverable Obligation specified in 
a Notice of Physical Settlement that is denominated in a currency other that the 
Settlement Currency, an amount converted into the Settlement Currency using a 
conversion rate determined by reference to the Currency Rate and (b) a Replacement 
Deliverable Obligation specified in a NOPS Amendment Notice, an amount converted 
to the Settlement Currency (or, if applicable, back into the Settlement Currency) using 
a conversion rate determined by reference to the Currency Rate, if any, and each 
Revised Currency Rate used to convert each Replaced Deliverable Obligation 
Outstanding Amount specified in each NOPS Amendment Notice with respect to that 
portion of the Notional Credit Derivatives Transaction into the currency of 
denomination of the relevant Replacement Deliverable Obligation. 
"Currency Rate" means with respect to (a) a Deliverable Obligation specified in the 
Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, the rate 
of conversion between the Settlement Currency and the currency in which the 
Outstanding Amount of such Deliverable Obligation is denominated that is either (i) 
determined by reference to the Currency Rate Source as at the Next Currency Fixing 
Time, or (ii) if such rate is not available at such time, as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in a commercially reasonable manner and (b) a Replacement Deliverable 
Obligation specified in a NOPS Amendment Notice, the Revised Currency Rate. 
"Currency Rate Source" means the mid-point rate of conversion published by 
WM/Reuters at 4:00 p.m. (London time), or any successor rate source approved by the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
"DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date" means, with respect to a DC Credit 
Event Announcement, the Auction Final Price Determination Date, the Auction 
Cancellation Date, or the date that is fourteen calendar days following the No Auction 
Announcement Date, if any, as applicable. 
"DC Credit Event Announcement" means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a 
public announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved that an event that constitutes a Credit Event 
has occurred and the Calculation Agent determines that such Resolution is an 
Applicable Resolution relevant to the Notes and the Calculation Agent determines that 
such event occurred on or after the Credit Event Backstop Date and on or prior to the 
Extension Date, provided that if the Credit Event occurred after the Scheduled 
Observation End Date, the DC Credit Event Announcement must relate to the relevant 
Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace Period Extension Date, or the relevant 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of a Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date. 
"DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement" means, with respect to the Reference 
Entity, a public announcement by the DC Secretary that a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee will be convened to resolve the matters described in a DC 
Credit Event Question. 
"DC Credit Event Question" means a notice to the DC Secretary requesting that a 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to resolve whether an event 
that constitutes a Credit Event has occurred.

--- Page 368 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 368 - 
47-41009328 
 
"DC Credit Event Question Dismissal" means, with respect to the Reference Entity, 
a public announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has resolved not to determine the matters described in a DC 
Credit Event Question. 
"DC No Credit Event Announcement" means, with respect to the Reference Entity, 
a public announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved that an event that is the subject of a DC Credit 
Event Question does not constitute a Credit Event. 
"DC Party" has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
"DC Resolution" has the meaning given to that term in the definition of Resolve below. 
"DC Rules" means the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees Rules, as 
published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto) 
from time to time and as amended from time to time in accordance with the terms 
thereof. 
"DC Secretary" has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
"Default Correction Date" means with respect to an Uncured Default: the day (if any) 
on which Publicly Available Information exists confirming that a Potential Failure to 
Pay has been cured and ceases to exist, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
provided that such Potential Failure to Pay is cured within the originally applicable 
grace period prior to the expiry of which such debt is not capable of being declared due 
and payable, and provided that such cure occurs before a Credit Event as a result of a 
Failure to Pay occurs. 
"Default Requirement" means the amount as may be specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or its equivalent in the Obligation Currency (or, if no such 
amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, U.S.$ 10,000,000 or its equivalent 
in the relevant Obligation Currency) in either case, as of the occurrence of the relevant 
Credit Event. 
"Defaulted Credit" means, on any day, each Reference Entity in respect of which a 
Credit Event Determination Date has occurred. 
"Deferred Interest Payment Date" means, in respect of a Default Correction Date, the 
day falling five Business Days following such Default Correction Date. 
"Deliver" means, with respect to the Relevant Proportion of the Deliverable 
Obligation(s), to deliver, novate, transfer (including in the case of a Guarantee, transfer 
of the benefit of the Guarantee), assign or sell, as appropriate, in the manner customary 
for the settlement of the applicable Deliverable Obligation(s) (which shall include 
executing all necessary documentation and taking any other necessary actions), in order 
to convey all right, title (or, with respect to Deliverable Obligations where only 
equitable title is customarily conveyed, all equitable title) and interest in the Relevant 
Proportion of the Deliverable Obligation(s) to the Noteholder free and clear of any and 
all liens, charges, claims or encumbrances (excluding any liens routinely imposed on 
all securities in a relevant clearance system, but including without limitation, any

--- Page 369 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 369 - 
47-41009328 
 
counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence based on the factors set 
forth in sub-paragraphs (a) to (d) of the definition of "Credit Event" above) or right of 
set-off by or of the Reference Entity or any applicable Underlying Obligor); provided 
that (a) if a Deliverable Obligation is a Direct Loan Participation, "Deliver" shall mean 
the creation (or procurement of the creation or) of a participation in favor of the relevant 
Noteholder and (b) if a Deliverable Obligation is a Guarantee, "Deliver" shall mean to 
Deliver both the Underlying Obligation and the Guarantee, provided further that if the 
Guarantee has a Fixed Cap, "Deliver" means to Deliver the Underlying Obligation, the 
Guarantee and all claims to any amounts which are subject to such Fixed Cap. 
"Delivery" and "Delivered" shall be construed accordingly. 
In the case of a Loan, Delivery shall be effected using documentation substantially in 
the form of the documentation customarily used in the relevant market for Delivery of 
such Loan at that time, provided further that the Issuer and the relevant Noteholder 
agree to comply with the provisions of any documentation (which shall include any 
market advisory that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
Resolves to approve for such purpose) that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee Resolves constitutes documentation customarily used in the 
relevant market for Delivery of such Loan at that time, as such documentation may be 
amended to the extent the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
Resolves is appropriate, which is consistent with the delivery and payment obligations 
of the parties hereunder. Compliance by the relevant Issuer and Noteholders with the 
provisions of any such documentation, shall be required for, and, without further action, 
constitute, Delivery for the purposes of this definition (to the extent that such 
documentation contains provisions describing how Delivery should be effected) and 
neither the relevant Issuer nor any Noteholder shall be permitted to request that any 
party take, nor shall the Issuer or any Noteholder be required to take, any action or make 
any payment in connection with such Delivery, as applicable, unless otherwise 
contemplated by such documentation. 
If Asset Package Delivery applies, (i) Delivery of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a 
Package Observable Bond specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, may be satisfied by Delivery of the related Asset 
Package, and such Asset Package shall be treated as having the same currency, 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, as the Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond to which it corresponds had 
immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event, (ii) the definition of "Deliver" 
shall be deemed to apply to each Asset in the Asset Package provided that if any such 
Asset is not a Bond, it shall be treated as if it were a Loan for these purposes, (iii) if the 
Asset Package is zero, the Outstanding Amount of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or 
Package Observable Bond shall be deemed to have been Delivered in full three 
Business Days following the date on which the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS 
Amendment Notice is delivered, (iv) the Issuer may satisfy its obligation to make 
Delivery of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond in part by 
Delivery of each Asset in the Asset Package in the correct proportion and (v) if the 
relevant Asset is a Non-Transferable Instrument or Non-Financial Instrument, the Asset 
shall be deemed to be an amount of cash equal to the Asset Market Value. 
"Deliverable Obligation" means (a) any obligation of the Reference Entity (either 
directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee) described by the Deliverable 
Obligation Category specified in the applicable Final Terms and having each of the

--- Page 370 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 370 - 
47-41009328 
 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics specified in the applicable Final Terms; (b) the 
Reference Obligation; (c) solely in relation to a Restructuring Credit Event applicable 
to a Reference Entity which is a Sovereign, and unless Asset Package Delivery is 
applicable, any Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation; and (d) if Asset 
Package Delivery is applicable, any Prior Deliverable Obligation (if "Financial 
Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or 
any Package Observable Bond (if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign), in each case, (i) 
unless it is an Excluded Deliverable Obligation and (ii) provided that the obligation has 
an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount that is greater than zero 
(determined for purposes of sub-paragraph (d) of this definition), immediately prior to 
the relevant Asset Package Credit Event). 
"Deliverable Obligation Category" means one of Payment, Borrowed Money, 
Reference Obligation Only, Bond, Loan, or Bond or Loan, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (each as defined herein, except that, for the purposes of determining 
Deliverable Obligations, the definition of Reference Obligation Only shall be amended 
to state that no Deliverable Obligation Characteristics shall be applicable to Reference 
Obligation Only). 
"Deliverable Obligation Characteristics" means any one or more of Not 
Subordinated, Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not 
Domestic Law, Listed, Not Domestic Issuance, Assignable Loan, Consent Required 
Loan, Direct Loan Participation, Transferable, Maximum Maturity, Accelerated or 
Matured and Not Bearer, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If (a) either of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics "Listed", "Not Domestic 
Issuance" or "Not Bearer" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the applicable 
Final Terms shall be construed as though such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic 
had been specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with respect to 
Bonds, (b) the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic "Transferable" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms shall be construed as though such 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic only with respect to Deliverable Obligations that are not Loans, or (c) 
any of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics "Assignable Loan", "Consent 
Required Loan" or "Direct Loan Participation" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the applicable Final Terms shall be construed as though such Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic 
only with respect to Loans. 
If more than one of "Assignable Loan", "Consent Required Loan" and "Direct Loan 
Participation" are specified as Deliverable Obligation Characteristics in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Deliverable Obligations may include any Loan that satisfies any one 
of such Deliverable Obligation Characteristics specified and need not satisfy all such 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics. 
For purposes of the application of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic "Maximum 
Maturity", remaining maturity shall be determined on the basis of the terms of the 
Deliverable Obligation in effect at the time of making such determination and, in the 
case of a Deliverable Obligation that is due and payable, the remaining maturity shall 
be zero.

--- Page 371 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 371 - 
47-41009328 
 
If "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, if an obligation would otherwise satisfy a 
particular Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, the existence of any terms in the 
relevant obligation in effect at the time of making the determination which permit the 
Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, discharged, released or suspended in 
circumstances which would constitute a Governmental Intervention, shall not cause 
such obligation to fail to satisfy such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic. 
For purposes of determining the applicability of Deliverable Obligation Characteristics 
and the requirements specified in Credit Linked Conditions 11(e) and 11(f) to a Prior 
Additional Obligation or a Package Observable Bond, any such determination shall be 
made by reference to the terms of the relevant obligation in effect immediately prior to 
the Asset Package Credit Event. 
If "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, if an obligation would otherwise satisfy the "Maximum Maturity" 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, the existence of any Solvency Capital Provisions 
in such obligation shall not cause it to fail to satisfy such Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic. 
"Deliverable Obligation Terms" has the meaning set forth in the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Deliverable Obligation Provisions" has the meaning set forth in the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Delivery Date" means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation or an Asset Package, 
the date on which such Deliverable Obligation is Delivered (or deemed delivered in 
accordance with these Credit Linked Conditions). 
"Delivery Expenses" shall have the meaning specified in Credit Linked Condition 5(j). 
"Detachment Point" means in respect of Tranche Notes the number (expressed as a 
percentage) specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Direct Loan Participation" means a Loan in respect of which, pursuant to a 
participation agreement, the Issuer is capable of creating, or procuring the creation of a 
contractual right in favor of the Noteholder that provides such Noteholder with recourse 
to the participation seller for a specified share in any payments due under the relevant 
Loan which are received by such participation seller, any such agreement to be entered 
into between such Noteholder and either (a) the Issuer (to the extent the Issuer is then 
a lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate), or (b) a Qualifying 
Participation Seller (if any) (to the extent such Qualifying Participation Seller is then a 
lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate). 
"Domestic Currency" means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms and any successor currency thereto (or if no such currency specified, the lawful 
currency and any successor currency of (a) the Reference Entity, if the Reference Entity 
is a Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in which the Reference Entity is organised, if the 
Reference Entity is not a Sovereign).

--- Page 372 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 372 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Domestic Law" means each of the laws of (a) the Reference Entity, if such Reference 
Entity is a Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in which the Reference Entity is organised, 
if such Reference Entity is not a Sovereign. 
"Downstream Affiliate" means an entity whose outstanding Voting Shares were, at the 
date of issuance of the Qualifying Guarantee, more than 50 per cent. owned, directly or 
indirectly, by the Reference Entity. 
"Due and Payable Amount" means the amount that is due and payable by the 
Reference Entity under the obligation whether by reason of maturity, acceleration, 
termination or otherwise (excluding sums in respect of default interest, indemnities, tax 
gross-ups and other similar amounts) less or any portion of such amount which, 
pursuant to the terms of the obligation (a) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (b) 
may otherwise be reduced as a result of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-
occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than by way of (i) payment or (ii) a 
Permitted Contingency), in each case, determined in accordance with the terms of the 
obligation in effect on either (A) the NOPS Effective Date (or if the terms of the 
obligation are amended after such date but on or prior to the Delivery Date, the Delivery 
Date) or (B) the Valuation Date, as applicable. 
"Eligible Information" means information which is publicly available or which can be 
made public without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction 
regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
"Eligible Transferee" means: 
(a) 
any: 
(i) 
bank or other financial institution; 
(ii) 
insurance or reinsurance company; 
(iii) 
mutual fund, unit trust or similar collective investment vehicle (other 
than an entity specified in sub-paragraph (c)(i) below); and 
(iv) 
registered or licensed broker or dealer (other than a natural person or 
proprietorship), provided, however, in each case that such entity has 
total assets of at least USD 500,000,000; 
(b) 
an Affiliate of an entity specified in the preceding clause (a) of this definition; 
(c) 
each of a corporation, partnership, proprietorship, organisation, trust or other 
entity: 
(i) 
that is an investment vehicle (including, without limitation, any hedge 
fund, issuer of collateralised debt obligations, commercial paper conduit 
or other special purpose vehicle) that (1) has total assets of at least USD 
100,000,000 or (2) is one of a group of investment vehicles under 
common control or management having, in the aggregate, total assets of 
at least USD 100,000,000; 
(ii) 
that has total assets of at least USD 500,000,000; or

--- Page 373 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 373 - 
47-41009328 
 
(iii) 
the obligations of which under an agreement, contract or transaction are 
guaranteed or otherwise supported by a letter of credit or keepwell, 
support or other agreement by an entity described in sub-paragraph (a), 
(b), (c)(ii) or (d) of this definition; and/or 
(d) 
 
(i) 
any Sovereign; or 
(ii) 
any entity or organisation established by treaty or other arrangement 
between two or more Sovereigns including, without limiting the 
foregoing, the International Monetary Fund, European Central Bank, 
International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and European 
Bank for Reconstruction and Development. 
All references in this definition to USD include equivalent amounts in other currencies, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Excluded Deliverable Obligation" means: 
(a) 
any obligation of the Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
any principal only component of a Bond from which some or all of the interest 
components have been stripped; and 
(c) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any obligation issued or incurred on or 
after the date of the relevant Asset Package Credit Event. 
"Excluded Obligation" means: 
(a) 
any obligation of the Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms and the Notional Credit Derivative Transaction is a Senior 
Transaction, then for purposes of determining whether a Governmental 
Intervention or Restructuring has occurred, any Subordinated Obligation; and 
(c) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms and the Notional Credit Derivative Transaction is a Subordinated 
Transaction, then for purposes of determining whether a Governmental 
Intervention or Restructuring has occurred, any Further Subordinated 
Obligation. 
"Exercise Amount" has the meaning set out in Credit Linked Condition 11 
(Restructuring Credit Event). 
"Exercise Cut-off Date" means either: 
(a) 
with respect to an M(M)R Restructuring and sub-paragraph (a) of the definition 
of "Credit Event Determination Date" applies:

--- Page 374 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 374 - 
47-41009328 
 
(i) 
if the DC Secretary publishes a Final List applicable to the Transaction 
Auction Settlement Terms and/or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, 
the date that is five Relevant City Business Days following the date on 
which such Final List is published; provided that the Calculation Agent 
determines that such Resolution and Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms constitute an Applicable Resolution and Applicable 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms, as applicable; or 
(ii) 
otherwise, the date that is 14 calendar days following the relevant No 
Auction Announcement Date; or 
(b) 
with respect to a Credit Event and sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of "Credit 
Event Determination Date" does not apply, the Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off 
Date; 
or, in each case, such other date as the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee Resolves. 
"Extended Maturity Date" means, where an Extension Notice has been served, the 
date that is fifteen (15) Business Days (or such other date as may be specified in the 
Final Terms) after: 
(a) 
if such notice was given pursuant to clause (a) of the definition of Extension 
Notice, the Scheduled Maturity Date; or 
(b) 
if such notice was given pursuant to clause (b) of the definition of Extension 
Notice, the Grace Period Extension Date; or 
(c) 
if such notice was given pursuant to clause (c) of the definition of Extension 
Notice, the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date; or 
(d) 
if such notice was given pursuant to clause (d) of the definition of Extension 
Notice, the Settlement Election End Date. 
"Extension Date" means the latest to occur of: 
(a) 
the Scheduled Observation End Date; 
(b) 
the Grace Period Extension Date if: 
(i) 
"Failure to Pay" and "Grace Period Extension" are specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
the Potential Failure to Pay with respect to the relevant Failure to Pay 
occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Observation End Date; and 
(c) 
the 
Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation 
Date 
(if 
any) 
if 
"Repudiation/Moratorium" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, unless the Final Terms specify an alternative time. 
"Extension Notice" means a notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer, giving 
notice of the following in relation to a Reference Entity:

--- Page 375 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 375 - 
47-41009328 
 
(a) 
without prejudice to sub-paragraphs (b), (c) and (d) of this definition, that a 
Credit Event has occurred or may occur on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity 
Date; or 
(b) 
that a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred or may occur on or prior to the 
Scheduled Maturity Date. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (b), the giving 
of a Grace Period Extension Notice (if on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity 
Date) shall be deemed to satisfy the requirement to give notice under this 
definition of Extension Notice. However, the giving of an Extension Notice in 
accordance with this sub-paragraph (b) shall not in any way preclude the 
subsequent giving of a Grace Period Extension Notice so long as the Grace 
Period Extension Condition is satisfied; or 
(c) 
that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred or may occur on or prior 
to the Scheduled Maturity Date. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (c), the 
giving of a Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice (if on or prior to the 
Scheduled Maturity Date) shall be deemed to satisfy the requirement to give 
notice under this definition of Extension Notice. However, the giving of an 
Extension Notice in accordance with this sub-paragraph (c) shall not in any way 
preclude the subsequent giving of a Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice 
so long as the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied; or 
(d) 
that an Applicable Request has been made on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity 
Date in respect of which an Applicable Resolution has not been published. 
An Extension Notice shall be subject to the requirements regarding notices set out in 
Credit Linked Condition 3 (Notices). 
"Failure to Pay" means, after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the 
satisfaction of any conditions precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), 
the failure by the Reference Entity to make, when and where due, any payments in an 
aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more 
Obligations in accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure. 
If an occurrence that would constitute a Failure to Pay (a) is a result of a redenomination 
that occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority which is of general 
application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (b) a freely available 
market rate of conversion existed at the time of the redenomination, then such 
occurrence will be deemed not to constitute a Failure to Pay unless the redenomination 
itself constituted a reduction in the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium 
payable (as determined by reference to such freely available market rate of conversion) 
at the time of such redenomination. 
"Fallback Settlement Basis" means, with respect to Notes for which "Auction 
Settlement" is specified as the Settlement Basis in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Fallback Settlement Basis specified in such Final Terms or, if no Fallback Settlement 
Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Fallback Settlement Basis shall be 
deemed to be "Cash Settlement". 
"Final List" has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules.

--- Page 376 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 376 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Final Price" means the price of the Reference Obligation, expressed as a percentage 
of its Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, 
determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Date in accordance with the 
Valuation Method specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Final Value" means, in respect of a Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit 
Event Determination Date has occurred, either: 
(a) 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Final Value" is stated as 
being "Fixed Recovery", the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(b) 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Final Value" is stated as 
being "Floating Recovery": 
(1) 
If "Auction Settlement" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and therefore the Final Value is to be determined pursuant to a 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and if a Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms is published on or before 140 Business Days 
following the Credit Event Determination Date, that provides for the 
valuation of obligations of a Reference Entity in respect of which a 
Credit Event has occurred, the Auction Final Price (as specified in the 
relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and expressed as a 
percentage) determined, if any, under such Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms and applicable to the status of the Reference 
Obligation (subordinated or senior or any other applicable status as the 
case may be); or 
(2) 
If (i) "Auction Settlement" is specified in the applicable Final Terms but 
no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms is published on or before 140 
Business Days following the Credit Event Determination Date or (ii) 
Quotation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the Credit Valuation Date as 
follows: 
(x) 
the Final Price if there is only one Reference Obligation; or 
(y) 
the weighted average of the Final Prices of the Reference 
Obligations if the latter are a portfolio. 
"First-to-Default Credit Linked Notes" means any Series of Notes in respect of which 
the Issuer purchases credit protection from Noteholders in respect of two or more 
Reference Entities and pursuant to which, upon the occurrence of a Credit Event and a 
Credit Event Determination Date with respect to any of such Reference Entities, the 
Notes will be redeemed in accordance with the relevant Settlement Basis. 
"Fixed Cap" means, with respect to a Guarantee, a specified numerical limit or cap on 
the liability of the Reference Entity in respect of some or all payments due under the 
Underlying Obligation, provided that a Fixed Cap shall exclude a limit or cap 
determined by reference to a formula with one or more variable inputs (and for these

--- Page 377 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 377 - 
47-41009328 
 
purposes, the outstanding principal or other amounts payable pursuant to the 
Underlying Obligation shall not be considered to be variable inputs). 
"Fixed Recovery" means in respect of Credit Linked Notes, the Final Value 
determination method specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Floating Recovery" means in respect of Credit Linked Notes, the Final Value 
determination method specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Fractional Entitlement" shall have the meaning specified in Credit Linked Condition 
5(i). 
"Full Quotation" means, in accordance with the Quotation Method, each firm 
quotation obtained from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time, to the extent 
reasonably practicable, for an amount of the Reference Obligation with an Outstanding 
Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount equal to the Quotation Amount. 
"Fully Transferable Obligation" means a Deliverable Obligation that is either 
Transferable, in the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all 
Eligible Transferees without the consent of any person being required, in the case of 
any Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds, in each case, as of both the NOPS 
Effective Date and the Delivery Date. Any requirement that notification of novation, 
assignment or transfer of a Deliverable Obligation be provided to a trustee, fiscal agent, 
administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent for a Deliverable Obligation shall 
not be considered to be a requirement for consent for purposes of this definition. 
"Further Subordinated Obligation" means, if the Reference Obligation or Prior 
Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Subordinated Obligation, any obligation which 
is Subordinated thereto. 
"Governmental Authority" means: 
(a) 
any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, ministry or 
department thereof); 
(b) 
any court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental, inter-governmental or 
supranational body; 
(c) 
any authority or any other entity (private or public) either designated as a 
resolution authority or charged with the regulation or supervision of the 
financial markets (including a central bank) of the Reference Entity or some or 
all of its obligations; or 
(d) 
any other authority which is analogous to any of the entities specified in sub-
paragraphs (a) to (c) of this definition. 
"Governmental Intervention" means that, with respect to one or more Obligations and 
in relation to an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or 
more of the following events occurs as a result of action taken or an announcement 
made by a Governmental Authority pursuant to, or by means of, a restructuring and 
resolution law or regulation (or any other similar law or regulation), in each case,

--- Page 378 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 378 - 
47-41009328 
 
applicable to the Reference Entity in a form which is binding, irrespective of whether 
such event is expressly provided for under the terms of such Obligation: 
(a) 
any event which would affect creditors' rights so as to cause: 
(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of 
scheduled interest accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(ii) 
reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption 
(including by way of redenomination); 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (A) the 
payment or accrual of interest, or (B) the payment of principal or 
premium; or 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing 
the Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation; 
(b) 
an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the 
beneficial holder of the Obligation; 
(c) 
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; or 
(d) 
any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in sub-
paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) of this definition. 
For purposes of this definition, the term "Obligation" shall be deemed to include 
Underlying Obligations for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider of a 
Guarantee. 
"Grace Period" means: 
(a) 
subject to sub-paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the applicable grace period with 
respect to payments under and in accordance with the terms of such Obligation 
in effect as of the date as of which such Obligation is issued or incurred; 
(b) 
if "Grace Period Extension" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Scheduled 
Observation End Date and the applicable grace period cannot, by its terms, 
expire on or prior to the Scheduled Observation End Date, the Grace Period will 
be deemed to be the lesser of such grace period and the number of days specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if a number of days is not so specified, 
thirty calendar days; and 
(c) 
if, as of the date as of which an Obligation is issued or incurred, no grace period 
with respect to payments or a grace period with respect to payments of less than 
three Grace Period Business Days is applicable under the terms of such 
Obligation, a Grace Period of three Grace Period Business Days shall be deemed 
to apply to such Obligation; provided that, unless "Grace Period Extension" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, such deemed Grace Period 
shall expire no later than the Scheduled Observation End Date.

--- Page 379 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 379 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Grace Period Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the place or places and on 
the days specified for that purpose in the relevant Obligation or, if a place or places are 
not so specified, (a) if the Obligation Currency is the euro, a TARGET Settlement Day, 
or (b) otherwise, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are 
generally open to settle payments in the principal financial city in the jurisdiction of the 
Obligation Currency. 
"Grace Period Extension Condition" is satisfied by the delivery of a Grace Period 
Extension Notice and, if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, Notice 
of Publicly Available Information, by the Issuer to the Noteholders delivered on or 
before the Maturity Date. 
"Grace Period Extension Date" means, if (a) "Grace Period Extension" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms and (b) a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or 
prior to the Scheduled Observation End Date, the date that is the number of days in the 
Grace Period after the date of such Potential Failure to Pay. 
"Grace Period Extension Notice" means an irrevocable notice from the Issuer to the 
Noteholders that describes a Potential Failure to Pay that occurred on or after the Credit 
Observation Start Date and on or prior to the Scheduled Observation End Date. A Grace 
Period Extension Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts 
relevant to the determination that a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred and indicate 
that date of the occurrence. A Grace Period Extension Notice shall be subject to the 
requirements regarding notices contained in Base Condition 12 (Notices). 
"Hedge Unwind Costs" means, with respect to any Series of Notes in respect of which 
"Hedge Unwind Adjustment" is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, the 
costs of unwinding any associated hedging transactions, including but not limited to 
any hedging and/or funding transactions, following the occurrence of a Credit Event. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer, the Guarantor, if applicable, and/or any 
of their respective Affiliates is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, or 
is no longer permitted pursuant to its internal policies in relation to dealings with 
sanctioned entities or territories to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or options 
contract(s) it deems necessary to hedge its exposure with respect to the Notes, or (B) 
freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or options contract(s) or any relevant hedge 
positions relating to the Notes. 
"Highest" means, with respect to the Reference Obligation on the relevant Valuation 
Date, the highest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent with respect to such 
Reference Obligation on such date. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) 
and/or any of their respective Affiliates would incur a materially increased (as 
compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense 
or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems 
necessary to hedge the market risk (including, without limitation, equity price risk,

--- Page 380 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 380 - 
47-41009328 
 
foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the Issuer or the Guarantor, (if 
applicable), issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (B) 
realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided 
that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration 
of the creditworthiness of the Issuer, the Guarantor, (if applicable) and/or any of their 
respective Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Interest Payment Cut-off Date" means in respect of the Notes and any date which is 
an Interest Payment Date, the third Payment Business Day preceding such Interest 
Payment Date and in respect of any date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the 
third Business Day preceding the Maturity Date. 
"Interest Period End Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, provided that if no dates are so specified, the Interest Period End Dates shall be 
each Interest Payment Date. 
"Interest Recommencement Date" shall have the meaning specified in Credit Linked 
Condition 8 (Reversals and Adjustments to Credit Event Determination Dates). 
"ISDA" means International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor 
thereto as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Issuer Credit Event Notice" has the meaning given to such term in Condition 3 
(Notices). 
"Largest Asset Package" means, in respect of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a 
Package Observable Bond, as the case may be, the package of Assets for which the 
greatest amount of principal has been or will be exchanged or converted (including by 
way of amendment), as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to Eligible 
Information. If this cannot be determined, the Largest Asset Package will be the 
package of Assets with the highest immediately realizable value, determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the methodology, if any, determined by the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
"Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date" means the date that, in respect of 
Credit Linked Condition 5(f)(ii)(A), is thirty calendar days after the Physical Settlement 
Date and, in respect of Credit Linked Condition 5(f)(ii)(B) and (C), the date that is 
fifteen Business Days after the Physical Settlement Date. 
"Limitation Date" means the first of 20 March, 20 June, 20 September or 20 December 
in any year to occur on or immediately following the date that is one of the following 
numbers of years after the Restructuring Date: 2.5 years (the "2.5-year Limitation 
Date"), 5 years, 7.5 years, 10 years (the "10-year Limitation Date"), 12.5 years, 15 
years, or 20 years, as applicable. Limitation Dates shall not be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with any Business Day Convention. 
"Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes" mean Notes which are specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, in respect of which the Issuer purchases credit protection from 
Noteholders in respect of two or more Reference Entities and pursuant to which, on 
each occasion on which a Credit Event occurs and a Credit Event Determination Date 
occurs with respect to any of the Reference Entities, the Notes will be redeemed in part

--- Page 381 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 381 - 
47-41009328 
 
in an amount determined by reference to the Related Nominal Amount relating to such 
Reference Entity in accordance with the relevant Settlement Basis. Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Notes include also the Nth-to-Default Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes which 
have become Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes pursuant to the definition of "Nth-to-
Default Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes". 
"Listed" means an obligation that is quoted, listed or ordinarily purchased and sold on 
an exchange. 
"Loan" means any obligation of a type included in the definition of "Borrowed Money" 
that is documented by a term loan agreement, revolving loan agreement or other similar 
credit agreement and shall not include any other type of Borrowed Money. 
"London Business Day" a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets are generally open to settle payments in London. 
"Loss Amount" means 
(a) 
In respect of Tranche Notes, if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause 
"N-to-M-to-Default" is stated as being "Not Applicable", in relation to each 
Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has 
occurred, an amount equal to the product of (i) the Reference Entity Notional 
Amount and (ii) the difference between the Tranche Reference Price and the 
Final Value, subject to a minimum of zero; and 
(b) 
In respect of Tranche Notes, if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause 
"N-to-M-to- Default" is stated as being "Applicable", in relation to each 
Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has 
occurred: 
(i) 
which has a Ranking strictly lower than N: an amount equal to the 
product of (1) the Reference Entity Notional Amount and (2) the 
Tranche Reference Price. 
(ii) 
which has a Ranking higher than or equal to N and lower than or equal 
to M: an amount equal to the product of (1) the Reference Entity 
Notional Amount and (2) the difference between the Tranche Reference 
Price and the Final Value, subject to a minimum of zero. 
(iii) 
which has a Ranking strictly higher than M: an amount equal to zero. 
"M(M)R Restructuring" means a Restructuring Credit Event in respect of which either 
"Mod R" or "Mod Mod R" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Market" means, with respect to the Reference Obligation on the relevant Valuation 
Date, the Market Value determined by the Calculation Agent with respect to such 
Reference Obligation on such date. 
"Market Value" means, with respect to the Obligation on a Valuation Date, (a) if more 
than three Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations, 
disregarding the Full Quotations having the highest and lowest values (and, if more 
than one such Full Quotations have the same highest or lowest value, then one of such

--- Page 382 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 382 - 
47-41009328 
 
highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); (b) if exactly three Full 
Quotations are obtained, the Full Quotation remaining after disregarding the highest 
and lowest Full Quotations (and, if more than one such Full Quotations have the same 
highest value or lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall 
be disregarded); (c) if exactly two Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of 
such Full Quotations; (d) if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained and a Weighted 
Average Quotation is obtained, such Weighted Average Quotation; (e) if fewer than 
two Full Quotations are obtained and no Weighted Average Quotation is obtained (and 
subject to sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of "Quotation" below), an amount that the 
Calculation Agent shall determine on the next Business Day on which at least two Full 
Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation is obtained; and (f) if two or more Full 
Quotations are not obtained within the additional ten Business Day period set forth in 
sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of "Quotation" below, the Market Value shall be 
determined as provided in such sub-paragraph (b). 
"Maximum Maturity" means an obligation that has a remaining maturity of not greater 
than the period specified in the applicable Final Terms (or if no such period is specified, 
thirty years). 
"Minimum Quotation Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency (or, if no such amount 
is specified, the lower of (a) U.S.$ 1,000,000 (or its equivalent in the Obligation 
Currency) and (b) the Quotation Amount). 
"Modified Eligible Transferee" means any bank, financial institution or other entity 
which is regularly engaged in or established for the purpose of making, purchasing or 
investing in loans, securities and other financial assets. 
"Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date" means, with respect to a 
Deliverable Obligation, the Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the 
Scheduled Observation End Date. 
Subject to the foregoing, if the Scheduled Observation End Date is later than the 10-
year Limitation Date, the Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the 
Scheduled Observation End Date. 
"Movement Option" means, with respect to an M(M)R Restructuring to which a No 
Auction Announcement Date has occurred pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) or (c)(ii) of 
the definition of No Auction Announcement Date, the option of the Issuer to determine 
in good faith the Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, if any, that shall be deemed to be 
applicable for the purposes of the Notes and Auction Settlement in respect of a 
Reference Entity and a Credit Event (for which purpose the Issuer may take into 
account (a) the terms of the relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, the permissible 
deliverable obligations thereunder, the Deliverable Obligations under the Notes and (b) 
any hedging transaction that the Issuer has or may enter into in connection with the 
Notes). 
"Movement Option Cut-off Date" means the date that is one Relevant City Business 
Day following the Exercise Cut-off Date, or such other date as the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved.

--- Page 383 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 383 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Multiple Holder Obligation" means an Obligation that (a) at the time of the event 
which constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event is held by more than three holders that 
are not Affiliates of each other and (b) with respect to which a percentage of holders 
(determined pursuant to the terms of the Obligation as in effect on the date of such 
event) at least equal to sixty-six-and-two-thirds is required to consent to the event which 
constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event, provided that any Obligation that is a Bond 
shall be deemed to satisfy the requirement in (b) above. 
"N-to-M-to-Default" in respect of Tranche Notes, if specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, indicates: 
(a) 
N: the number corresponding to the Ranking starting at which the Aggregate 
Loss Amount will be an amount greater than zero; 
(b) 
M: the number corresponding to the Ranking above which the Aggregate Loss 
Amount ceases to increase; and 
(c) 
P: the number of Reference Entities within the Reference Portfolio. 
"New Rate of Interest" means, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
and if a Credit Event will occur in respect of the Relevant Defaulted Reference Entities, 
a rate calculated according to the following formula:  
N െn
N െProtected Defaulted Reference Entities 
Where:  
"N" indicates the number of Reference Entities comprised in the Reference Portfolio; 
and 
"n" indicates the number of Reference Entities in respect of which a Credit Event has 
occurred from the Credit Observation Start Date, until the date on which a Credit Event 
has occurred in respect of any Defaulted Credit. For example, upon the occurrence of a 
Credit Event in respect to the eighth Reference Entity, "n" shall be equal to 8. 
For the avoidance of doubt, ongoing coupons will be calculated as: 
New Rate of Interest ∗ Tranche Notional Amount ∗
N െn
N െProtected Defaulted Reference Entities 
 
"Next Currency Fixing Time" means 4:00 p.m. (London time) on the London 
Business Day immediately following the date on which the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or relevant NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, is effective. 
"No Auction Announcement Date" means, with respect to Notes for which Auction 
Settlement is specified as the Settlement Basis in the applicable Final Terms, a 
Reference Entity and a Credit Event, the date on which the Calculation Agent 
determines that the DC Secretary first publicly announces that:

--- Page 384 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 384 - 
47-41009328 
 
(a) 
no Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and, if applicable, no 
Parallel Auction Settlement Terms will be published; or 
(b) 
following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring, no Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms will be published, but Parallel Auction Settlement Terms will 
be published; or 
(c) 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that no 
Auction will be held following a prior public announcement by the DC 
Secretary to the contrary, in circumstances where either (i) no Parallel Auction 
will be held, or (ii) one or more Parallel Auctions will be held and the 
Calculation Agent determines that such Resolution is an Applicable Resolution 
and no Applicable Auction will be held. 
"No Standard Reference Obligation" means that if the Standard Reference Obligation 
is removed from the SRO List, such obligation shall cease to be the Reference 
Obligation (other than for purposes of the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic 
or "Not Subordinated" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic) and there shall be no 
Reference Obligation unless and until such obligation is subsequently replaced on the 
SRO List, in which case, the new Standard Reference Obligation in respect of the 
Reference Entity shall constitute the Reference Obligation. 
"Non-Conforming Reference Obligation" means a Reference Obligation which is not 
a Conforming Reference Obligation. 
"Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation" means an obligation which 
would be a Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with sub-paragraph (a) of 
the definition of Deliverable Obligation on the Substitution Date but for one or more of 
the same reasons which resulted in the Reference Obligation constituting a Non-
Conforming Reference Obligation on the date it was issued or incurred and/or 
immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date (as applicable). 
"Non-Financial Instrument" means any Asset which is not of the type typically traded 
in, or suitable for being traded in, financial markets. 
"Non-Standard Event Determination Date" means, with respect to a Credit Event to 
which sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of "Credit Event Determination Date" does 
not apply and as determined by the Calculation Agent (which may take into account, 
without limitation, any hedging transaction that the Issuer has or may enter into in 
connection with the Notes): 
(a) 
subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the Notice Delivery Date, if the Notice 
Delivery Date occurs during either the Notice Delivery Period or the Post 
Dismissal Additional Period, provided that neither (i) a DC Credit Event 
Announcement has occurred nor (ii) a DC No Credit Event Announcement has 
occurred, in each case, with respect to the Credit Event specified in the Credit 
Event Notice; or 
(b) 
notwithstanding paragraph (a) above, but subject to paragraph (c) below, if a 
DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred and the Credit Event Resolution

--- Page 385 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 385 - 
47-41009328 
 
Request Date has occurred on or prior to the last day of the Notice Delivery 
Period (including prior to the Trade Date) either: 
(i) 
the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, if either: 
(A) 
 
(1) 
"Auction Settlement" is not specified as being applicable 
in the Final Terms; 
(2) 
the relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; 
and 
(3) 
the Trade Date occurs on or prior to the date of the DC 
Credit Event Announcement; or 
(B) 
 
(1) 
either: 
(x) 
"Auction Settlement" is specified as being 
applicable in the Final Terms; or 
(y) 
the relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R 
Restructuring; and 
(2) 
a Credit Event Notice is delivered by the Notifying Party 
and is effective on or prior to the Non-Standard Exercise 
Cut-off Date, or 
(ii) 
the first date on which a Credit Event Notice is delivered by the 
Notifying Party and is effective during either the Notice Delivery Period 
or the period from and including the date of the DC Credit Event 
Announcement to and including the date that is fourteen calendar days 
thereafter (provided, in each case, that the relevant Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date occurred on or prior to the end of the last day 
of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date)), if 
either: 
(A) 
 
(1) 
"Auction Settlement" is not specified as being applicable 
in the Final Terms; 
(2) 
the relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; 
and 
(3) 
the Trade Date occurs following the date of the related 
DC Credit Event Announcement and on or prior to a DC 
Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date; or

--- Page 386 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 386 - 
47-41009328 
 
(B) 
 
(1) 
the Trade Date occurs on or prior to a DC Announcement 
Coverage Cut-off Date; and 
(2) 
either: 
(x) 
"Auction Settlement" is not specified as being 
applicable in the Final Terms; or 
(y) 
"Auction Settlement" is specified as being 
applicable in the Final Terms and a Credit Event 
Notice is delivered by the Notifying Party and is 
effective on a date that is later than the relevant 
Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date; 
provided that: 
(aa) 
no Physical Settlement Date, if applicable, or Cash 
Settlement Date has occurred on or prior to the date on 
which the DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement 
occurs; 
(bb) 
if any Valuation Date or Delivery Date, as applicable, has 
occurred on or prior to the date on which the DC Credit 
Event Meeting Announcement occurs, a Non-Standard 
Event Determination Date shall be deemed to have 
occurred only with respect to the portion of the aggregate 
outstanding principal amount of the Notes then 
outstanding (or, in the case of Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Notes, the Related Nominal Amount in respect of 
the relevant Reference Entity), if any, with respect to 
which no Valuation Date or Delivery Date, as applicable, 
has occurred; and 
(cc) 
no Credit Event Notice specifying an M(M)R 
Restructuring as the only Credit Event has previously 
been delivered to the relevant Issuer by the Calculation 
Agent, (xx) unless the M(M)R Restructuring specified in 
such Credit Event Notice is also the subject of the DC 
Credit Event Question resulting in the occurrence of the 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date, (yy) unless, and to 
the extent that, the Exercise Amount specified in any such 
Credit Event Notice was less than the aggregate 
outstanding principal amount of the Notes then 
outstanding (or, in the case of Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Notes, the Related Nominal Amount in respect of 
the relevant Reference Entity) or (zz) unless the Notional 
Credit Derivative Transaction is an Auction Covered 
Transaction and the Deliverable Obligations set out on the 
Final List are identical to the Permissible Deliverable

--- Page 387 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 387 - 
47-41009328 
 
Obligations for such Notional Credit Derivative 
Transaction. 
(c) 
if the Obligation Category specified in the applicable Final Terms is "Reference 
Obligation Only" and "Specific Non-Standard Event Determination Date 
provisions" are specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, then, 
notwithstanding paragraphs (a) and (b) above, the Specific Non-Standard Event 
Determination Date. 
"Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date" means: 
(a) 
if the relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring, either: 
(i) 
the Relevant City Business Day prior to the Auction Final Price 
Determination Date, if any; 
(ii) 
the Relevant City Business Day prior to the Auction Cancellation Date, 
if any; or 
(iii) 
the date that is fourteen calendar days following the No Auction 
Announcement Date, if any, as applicable; or 
(b) 
if the relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring and: 
(i) 
the DC Secretary publishes a Final List applicable to the Transaction 
Auction Settlement Terms and/or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, 
the date that is either two Relevant City Business Days or five Relevant 
City Business Days following the date on which such Final List is 
published (as determined by the Calculation Agent taking into account, 
without limitation, any hedging transaction that the Issuer has or may 
enter into in connection with the Notes); or 
(ii) 
otherwise, the date that is fourteen calendar days following the relevant 
No Auction Announcement Date. 
"Non-Standard Reference Obligation" means the Original Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation or if a Substitute Reference Obligation has been determined, the Substitute 
Reference Obligation. 
"Non-Transferable Instrument" means any Asset which is not capable of being 
transferred to institutional investors, excluding due to market conditions. 
"NOPS Amendment Notice" has the meaning given to it in Credit Linked Condition 
5(a). A NOPS Amendment Notice shall contain a revised detailed description of each 
replacement Deliverable Obligation that the Issuer will deliver in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 5 (each, a "Replacement Deliverable Obligation") and shall 
also specify the Outstanding Amount of each Deliverable Obligation identified in the 
Notice of Physical Settlement or a prior NOPS amendment Notice, as applicable, that 
is being replaced (with respect to each such Deliverable Obligation, the "Replaced 
Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount"). The Outstanding Amount of each 
Replacement Deliverable Obligation identified in a NOPS Amendment Notice shall be 
determined by applying the Revised Currency Rate to the relevant Replaced

--- Page 388 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 388 - 
47-41009328 
 
Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount. The Outstanding Amount of the 
Replacement Deliverable Obligations specified in any NOPS Amendment Notice in 
aggregate with the Outstanding Amount of the Deliverable Obligations specified in the 
Notice of Physical Settlement or any earlier NOPS Amendment Notice which, in each 
case, are not being replaced must not be greater than the Aggregate Outstanding 
Amount. Each such NOPS Amendment Notice must be effective on or prior to the 
Physical Settlement Date (determined without reference to any change resulting from 
such NOPS Amendment Notice). 
"NOPS Cut-off Date" means, subject, where applicable, to Credit Linked Condition 7 
(Suspension Terms): 
(a) 
subject to sub-paragraph (b) below: 
(i) 
the thirtieth calendar day after the Credit Event Determination Date; and 
(ii) 
the tenth calendar day after either the date of the relevant DC Credit 
Event Announcement or of the relevant DC Credit Event Question 
Dismissal, if any (or, if the relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R 
Restructuring, the tenth calendar day after the Non-Standard Exercise 
Cut-off Date); or 
(b) 
if "Physical Settlement" is applicable pursuant to the Fallback Settlement Basis: 
(i) 
the relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring, the later of (A) 
the date determined pursuant to sub-paragraph (a)(i) and (B) the thirtieth 
calendar day after the Auction Cancellation Date or the No Auction 
Announcement Date occurring pursuant to sub-paragraphs (a) or (c)(i) 
of the definition thereof, as applicable; or 
(ii) 
the relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring, either: 
(A) 
the later of: 
(1) 
the date determined pursuant to sub-paragraph (a)(i) 
above; and 
(2) 
the thirtieth calendar day after: 
(x) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurring 
pursuant to sub-paragraph (a) of the definition 
thereof, if any; 
(y) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurring 
pursuant to sub-paragraph (c)(i) of the definition 
thereof, if any; or 
(z) 
the Auction Cancellation Date, if any, as 
applicable; or 
(B) 
the later of the Parallel Notice of Physical Settlement Date (or, 
if more than one should occur, the last Parallel Notice of Physical

--- Page 389 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 389 - 
47-41009328 
 
Settlement Date), and the Relevant City Business Day 
immediately following the Parallel Auction Cancellation Date, 
if any (or, if more than one should occur, the last Parallel Auction 
Cancellation Date), as applicable, in circumstances where either: 
(1) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurs pursuant to 
sub-paragraph (b) of the definition thereof and the 
Movement Option has not been exercised; or 
(2) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurs pursuant to 
sub-paragraph (c)(ii) of the definition thereof and the 
Movement Option has not been exercised, 
provided that in the case of sub-paragraphs (a)(ii) and (b) above, the 
relevant Credit Event Resolution Request Date, if any, occurred on or 
prior to the date described in sub-paragraph (a)(i) above. 
"NOPS Effective Date" means the date on which an effective Notice of Physical 
Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as the case may be, is delivered by the Issuer. 
"Not Bearer" means any obligation that is not a bearer instrument unless interests with 
respect to such bearer instrument are cleared via the Euroclear System, Clearstream 
Luxembourg or any other internationally recognised clearing system. 
"Not Domestic Currency" means any obligation that is payable in any currency other 
than the applicable Domestic Currency, provided that a Standard Specified Currency 
shall not constitute a Domestic Currency. 
"Not Domestic Issuance" means any obligation other than an obligation that was 
issued (or reissued, as the case may be) or intended to be offered for sale primarily in 
the domestic market of the Reference Entity. Any obligation that is registered or, as a 
result of some other action having been taken for such purpose, is qualified for sale 
outside the domestic market of the Reference Entity (regardless of whether such 
obligation is also registered or qualified for sale within the domestic market of the 
Reference Entity) shall be deemed not to be issued (or reissued, as the case may be), or 
intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic market of the Reference Entity. 
"Not Domestic Law" means any obligation that is not governed by the applicable 
Domestic Law, provided that the laws of England and the laws of the State of New 
York shall not constitute a Domestic Law. 
"Not Sovereign Lender" means any obligation that is not primarily owed to (a) a 
Sovereign or (b) any entity or organisation established by treaty or other arrangement 
between two or more Sovereigns including, without limiting the foregoing, the 
International Monetary Fund, European Central Bank, International Bank for 
Reconstruction and Development and European Bank for Reconstruction and 
Development, which shall include, without limitation, obligations generally referred to 
as "Paris Club debt". 
"Not Subordinated" means an obligation that is not Subordinated to (a) the Reference 
Obligation or (b) the Prior Reference Obligation, if applicable.

--- Page 390 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 390 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Notice Delivery Date" means the first date on which both an effective Credit Event 
Notice and, unless "Notice of Publicly Available Information" is specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, an effective Notice of Publicly Available 
Information, have been delivered in accordance with these Credit Linked Conditions. 
"Notice Delivery Period" means the period from and including the Trade Date to and 
including the date that is fourteen calendar days after the Extension Date. 
"Notice of Physical Settlement" means a notice from the Issuer to the Calculation 
Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 12 (Notices). A Notice 
of Physical Settlement shall be subject to the requirements regarding notices contained 
in Credit Linked Condition 3 (Notices). A Notice of Physical Settlement shall contain: 
(a) 
a detailed description of each Deliverable Obligation that the Issuer intends to 
Deliver to the Noteholders, including, if available and applicable, the CUSIP or 
ISIN number (or, if such identifying number is not available or applicable, the 
rate and tenor of each such Deliverable Obligation); and 
(b) 
the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, 
or the equivalent amount in the Settlement Currency (in each case, the 
"Outstanding Amount") and, if different, the face amount, of each such 
Deliverable Obligation and the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all 
Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement that the 
Issuer intends to Deliver to the Noteholders (the "Aggregate Outstanding 
Amount"). 
The Issuer may correct any errors or inconsistencies in the detailed description of each 
Deliverable Obligation contained in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, by notice to Noteholders prior to the relevant 
Delivery Date and if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, the Issuer shall, on the 
NOPS Effective Date or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter (but in any case, 
prior to the Delivery Date), notify Noteholders of the detailed description of the Asset 
Package, if any, that it intends to Deliver to Noteholders in lieu of the Prior Deliverable 
Obligation or Package Observable Bond, if any, specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, it being understood in each case 
that such notice shall not constitute a NOPS Amendment Notice. 
"Notice of Publicly Available Information" means an irrevocable notice from the 
Calculation Agent to the Noteholders that cites Publicly Available Information 
confirming the occurrence of the Credit Event or Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as 
applicable, described in the Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension 
Notice. The notice given must contain a copy, or a description in reasonable detail, of 
the relevant Publicly Available Information. If a Credit Event Notice or 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice, as applicable, contains Publicly Available 
Information, such Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice 
will also be deemed to be a Notice of Publicly Available Information. A Notice of 
Publicly Available Information shall be subject to the requirements regarding notices 
contained in Credit Linked Condition 3 (Notices). 
"Notice to Exercise Movement Option" means, if (a) M(M)R Restructuring is 
applicable and (b) the Fallback Settlement Basis would otherwise be applicable

--- Page 391 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 391 - 
47-41009328 
 
pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 3, a notice from the Issuer to the Calculation Agent 
that (a) specifies the Parallel Auction Settlement Terms applicable with respect to Notes 
in accordance with the Movement Option and (b) is effective on or prior to the 
Movement Option Cut-off Date. 
"Notional Credit Derivative Transaction" means, with respect to any Note to which 
these Credit Linked Conditions apply and a Reference Entity, a hypothetical market 
standard credit default swap transaction entered into by the relevant Issuer, as Buyer 
(as defined in the 2014 Credit Derivatives Definitions as published by ISDA), 
incorporating the terms of the 2014 Credit Derivatives Definitions as published by 
ISDA and under the terms of which: 
(a) 
the "Trade Date" is the Trade Date, if specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and if not, the Issue Date; 
(b) 
the "Scheduled Termination Date" is the scheduled Settlement Observation End 
Date; 
(c) 
the "Reference Entit(y)(ies)" thereunder is (are) such Reference Entit(y)(ies); 
and 
(d) 
the remaining terms as to credit linkage are consistent with the terms of such 
Note as they relate to such Reference Entity. 
"Nth Reference Entity" means, in respect of any Series of Nth -to-Default Credit Linked 
Notes, the numbered Reference Entity with respect to which a Credit Event 
Determination Date must have occurred in order for the Notes to be redeemed in 
accordance with the applicable Settlement Basis. For example, if the applicable Final 
Terms specify that the Notes are Second-to-Default Credit Linked Notes, then the Nth 
Reference Entity shall be the second Reference Entity with respect to which a Credit 
Event Determination Date has occurred. 
"Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes" means any Series of Notes in respect of which 
the Issuer purchases credit protection from Noteholders in respect of two or more 
Reference Entities and pursuant to which, upon the occurrence of a Credit Event or a 
Credit Event Determination Date with respect to the Nth Reference Entity, the Notes 
will be redeemed in accordance with the relevant Settlement Basis. 
"Nth-to-Default Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes" means any Series of Notes in 
respect of which the relevant Issuer purchases credit protection from Noteholders in 
respect of two or more Reference Entities and pursuant to which, upon the occurrence 
of a Credit Event and a Credit Event Determination Date with respect to the Nth 
Reference Entity, the Notes will not be redeemed (neither in whole nor in part) but they 
will become and shall be treated, under and for the purposes of these Credit Linked 
Conditions, as Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes in respect the Remaining Reference 
Entity(ies). 
"Obligation" means (a) any obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as 
provider of a Relevant Guarantee), described by the Obligation Category and having 
each of the Obligation Characteristics specified in the applicable Final Terms and the 
Reference Obligation in each case, unless it is an Excluded Obligation, in each case,

--- Page 392 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 392 - 
47-41009328 
 
immediately prior the Credit Event which is the subject of either the Credit Event 
Notice or the DC Credit Event Question resulting in the occurrence of the Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date, as applicable, (b) each Reference Obligation, unless specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as an Excluded Obligation and (c) any other obligations 
of the Reference Entity as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Obligation Acceleration" means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of 
not less than the Default Requirement have become due and payable before they would 
otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence 
of a default, event of default or other similar condition or event (however described), 
other than a failure to make any required payment, in respect of the Reference Entity 
under one or more Obligations. 
"Obligation Category" means Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference Obligation 
Only, Bond, Loan, or Bond or Loan, only one of which shall be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Obligation Characteristics" means any one or more of Not Subordinated, Specified 
Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed 
and Not Domestic Issuance, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; provided that 
(a) if the applicable Final Terms specifies the Obligation Category as being Reference 
Obligation Only, then no Obligation Characteristics shall be applicable; and (b) in any 
case, the applicable Final Terms may specify that the Obligation Characteristics are not 
applicable. 
If either of the Obligation Characteristics "Listed" or "Not Domestic Issuance" is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms shall be construed 
as though the relevant Obligation Characteristic had been specified as an Obligation 
Characteristic only with respect to Bonds. 
If "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, if an obligation would otherwise satisfy a 
particular Obligation Characteristic, the existence of any terms in the relevant 
obligation in effect at the time of making the determination which permit the Reference 
Entity's obligations to be altered, discharged, released or suspended in circumstances 
which would constitute a Governmental Intervention, shall not cause such obligation to 
fail to satisfy such Obligation Characteristic. 
"Obligation Currency" means, with respect to an Obligation, the currency in which 
the Obligation is denominated. 
"Obligation Default" means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not 
less than the Default Requirement have become capable of being declared due and 
payable before they would otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, or on 
the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default or other similar condition or 
event (however described), other than a failure to make any required payment, in 
respect of the Reference Entity under one or more Obligations. 
"Observation Period" has the meaning ascribed to it in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 393 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 393 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation" means the obligation of the 
Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a guarantee) which is specified as the 
Reference Obligation in the applicable Final Terms (if any is so specified) provided 
that if an obligation is not an obligation of the Reference Entity, such obligation will 
not constitute a valid Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation for purposes of the 
Notes ("Non-Reference Entity Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation"), 
other than for the purposes of determining the Seniority Level and for the "Not 
Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or "Not Subordinated" Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic, unless (a) Non-Reference Entity Original Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, or (b) the Notes are 
Reference Obligation Only Notes. 
"Outstanding Amount" has the meaning set out in Credit Linked Condition 11(b). 
The "Outstanding Principal Balance" an obligation calculated as follows: 
(a) 
first, by determining, in respect of the obligation, the amount of the Reference 
Entity's principal payment obligations and, where applicable in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 5, the Reference Entity's accrued but unpaid interest 
payment obligations (which, in the case of a Guarantee will be the lower of (i) 
the Outstanding Principal Balance (including accrued but unpaid interest, where 
applicable) of the Underlying Obligation (determined as if references to the 
Reference Entity were references to the Underlying Obligor) and (ii) the amount 
of the Fixed Cap, if any); 
(b) 
second, by subtracting all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the 
terms of the obligation, (i) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (ii) may 
otherwise be reduced as a result of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or 
non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than by way of (A) payment 
or (B) a Permitted Contingency) (the amount determined in sub-paragraph (a) 
less any amounts subtracted in accordance with sub-paragraph (b), the "Non-
Contingent Amount"); and 
(c) 
third, by determining the Quantum of the Claim, which shall then constitute the 
Outstanding Principal Balance, 
in each case, determined: 
(1) 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, in accordance with the 
terms of the obligation in effect on either (x) the NOPS Effective Date (or if the 
terms of the obligation are amended after such date but on or prior to the 
Delivery Date, the Delivery Date), or (y) the Valuation Date, as applicable; and 
(2) 
with respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in accordance with any 
applicable laws (insofar as such laws reduce or discount the size of the claim to 
reflect the original issue price or accrued value of the obligation). 
"Overnight Rate" means the overnight rate for deposits in the relevant currency as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, in good faith having regard to any then existing 
market practice.

--- Page 394 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 394 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Package Observable Bond" means, in respect of a Reference Entity which is a 
Sovereign, any obligation (a) which is identified as such and published by ISDA on its 
website at www.isda.org from time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a 
third party designated by ISDA on its website from time to time and (b) which fell 
within the definition of Deliverable Obligation set out in sub-paragraphs (a) or (b) of 
such definition, in each case, immediately preceding the date on which the relevant 
Asset Package Credit Event was legally effective. 
"Parallel Auction" means "Auction" as defined in the relevant Parallel Auction 
Settlement Terms. 
"Parallel Auction Cancellation Date" means "Auction Cancellation Date" as defined 
in the relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Parallel Auction Settlement Terms" means, following the occurrence of an M(M)R 
Restructuring, any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms published by ISDA 
with respect to such M(M)R Restructuring, and for which the Deliverable Obligation 
Terms are the same as the Deliverable Obligation Provisions applicable to the Notes 
and the Calculation Agent determines that the related Auction would not be an 
Applicable Auction for the purposes of the Notes. 
"Parallel Notice of Physical Settlement Date" means "Notice of Physical Settlement 
Date" as defined in the relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Partial Cash Settlement Amount" means, for each Undeliverable Obligation, 
Undeliverable Loan Obligation or Undeliverable Participation, save as otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount equal to the Recovery Amount in 
respect of such Undeliverable Obligation, Undeliverable Loan Obligation or 
Undeliverable Participation. 
"Partial Cash Settlement Date" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final 
Terms, or, if such a meaning is not so specified, means the date that is three Business 
Days after the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date. 
"Partial Principal Amount" has the meaning set out in Credit Linked Condition 10 
(Succession Event). 
"Payment" means any obligation (whether present or future, contingent or otherwise) 
for the payment or repayment of money, including, without limitation, Borrowed 
Money. 
"Payment Requirement" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or its equivalent in the Obligation Currency (or, if no such amount is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, U.S.$ 1,000,000 or its equivalent in the relevant 
Obligation Currency) in either case as of the occurrence of the relevant Failure to Pay 
or Potential Failure to Pay, as applicable. 
"Permissible Deliverable Obligations" has the meaning set forth in the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms, being either all or the portion of the Deliverable 
Obligations included on the Final List pursuant to the Deliverable Obligation Terms 
that are applicable to that Auction.

--- Page 395 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 395 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Permitted Contingency" means, with respect to an obligation, any reduction to the 
Reference Entity's payment obligations: 
(a) 
as a result of the application of: 
(i) 
any provisions allowing a transfer, pursuant to which another party may 
assume all of the payment obligations of the Reference Entity; 
(ii) 
provisions implementing the Subordination of the obligation; 
(iii) 
provisions allowing for a Permitted Transfer in the case of a Qualifying 
Guarantee (or provisions allowing for the release of the Reference Entity 
from its payment obligations in the case of any other Guarantee); 
(iv) 
any Solvency Capital Provisions, if "Subordinated European Insurance 
Terms" is specified as applicable in the related Confirmation; or 
(v) 
provisions which permit the Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, 
discharged, released or suspended in circumstances which would 
constitute a Governmental Intervention, if "Financial Reference Entity 
Terms" is specified as applicable in the related Confirmation; or 
(b) 
which is within the control of the holders of the obligation or a third party acting 
on their behalf (such as an agent or trustee) in exercising their rights under or in 
respect of such obligation. 
"Permitted Transfer" means, with respect to a Qualifying Guarantee, a transfer to and 
the assumption by any single transferee of such Qualifying Guarantee (including by 
way of cancellation and execution of a new guarantee) on the same or substantially the 
same terms, in circumstances where there is also a transfer of all (or substantially all) 
of the assets of the Reference Entity to the same single transferee. 
"Physical Determination Date" means the date that is on or prior to two Business Days 
following the NOPS Cut-off Date. 
"Physical Settlement Cut-Off Date" shall have the meaning specified in Credit Linked 
Condition 5(c). 
"Physical Settlement Date" means the date that is: 
(i) 
the number of Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms after the 
date of delivery of the Notice of Physical Settlement; or 
(ii) 
if such number of Business Days is not so specified, (i) thirty (30) Business 
Days after the date of delivery of the Notice of Physical Settlement or (ii) two 
Business Days following the last day of the longest Physical Settlement Period, 
if later. 
"Physical Settlement Matrix" means the Credit Derivatives Physical Settlement 
Matrix Supplement to the Credit Derivatives Definitions, as most recently amended or 
supplemented as at the Trade Date (unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms) and 
as published by ISDA, currently at www.isda.org, provided that any reference therein

--- Page 396 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 396 - 
47-41009328 
 
to (a) "Confirmation" shall be deemed to be a reference to the applicable Final Terms; 
(b) "Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount" shall be deemed to be a reference to the 
Settlement Currency, (c) "Section 3.3 of the Definitions" shall be deemed to be a 
reference to "Credit Event Notice" as defined in this Credit Linked Condition 15, (d) 
"Section 3.9" shall be deemed to be a reference to Credit Linked Condition 11 and (e) 
"Section 8.6" shall be deemed to be a reference to "Physical Settlement Period" as 
defined in this Credit Linked Condition 15. 
"Physical Settlement Period" means, subject to Condition 5 of these Credit Linked 
Conditions, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation comprising any Relevant 
Proportion of the Deliverable Obligations, the period specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if no period is so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the longest number 
of Business days for settlement in accordance with then current market practice of such 
Deliverable Obligations, as determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that if the 
Issuer has notified the Noteholders that it intends to Deliver an Asset Package in lieu 
of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond, the Physical 
Settlement Period shall be thirty Business Days. 
"Post Dismissal Additional Period" means the period from and including the date of 
the DC Credit Event Question Dismissal to and including the date that is fourteen 
calendar days thereafter (provided that the relevant Credit Event Resolution Request 
Date occurred on or prior to the end of the last day of the Notice Delivery Period 
(including prior to the Trade Date). 
"Potential Failure to Pay" means the failure by the Reference Entity to make, when 
and where due, any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment 
Requirement under one or more Obligations in accordance with the terms of such 
Obligations at the time of such failure, without regard to any grace period or any 
conditions precedent to the commencement of any grace period applicable to such 
Obligations, as determined on the basis of Publicly Available Information by the 
Calculation Agent. 
"Potential Repudiation/Moratorium" means the occurrence of an event described in 
clause (i) of the definition of Repudiation/Moratorium. 
"Prior Deliverable Obligation" means: 
(a) 
if a Governmental Intervention has occurred (whether or not such event is 
specified as the applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the DC 
Credit Event Announcement), any obligation of the Reference Entity which (i) 
existed immediately prior to such Governmental Intervention, (ii) was the 
subject of such Governmental Intervention and (iii) fell within sub-paragraphs 
(a) or (b) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation, in each case, immediately 
preceding the date on which such Governmental Intervention was legally 
effective; or 
(b) 
if a Restructuring which does not constitute a Governmental Intervention has 
occurred in respect of the Reference Obligation (whether or not such event is 
specified as the applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the DC 
Credit Event Announcement), such Reference Obligation, if any.

--- Page 397 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 397 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Prior Reference Obligation" means in circumstances where there is no Reference 
Obligation applicable to a Reference Entity for the purposes of the Notes, (a) the 
Reference Obligation most recently applicable thereto, if any, and otherwise, (b) the 
obligation specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Reference Obligation, if any, 
if such Reference Obligation was redeemed on or prior to the Trade Date and otherwise, 
(c) any unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity. 
"Private-side Loan" means a Loan in respect of which the documentation governing 
its terms is not publicly available or capable of being made public without violating a 
law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such 
information. 
"Prohibited Action" means any counterclaim, defense (other than a counterclaim or 
defense based on the factors set forth in sub-paragraphs (a) to (d) of the definition of 
Credit Event) or right of set-off by or of the Reference Entity or any applicable 
Underlying Obligor. 
"Protected Defaulted Reference Entities" means, if specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the number of Reference Entities, specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"Public Source" means each source of Publicly Available Information specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such source is specified, each of 
Bloomberg, Reuters, Dow Jones Newswires, The Wall Street Journal, The New York 
Times, Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Asahi Shimbun, Yomiuri Shimbun, Financial Times, 
La Tribune, Les Echos, The Australian Financial Review and Debtwire (and successor 
publications), the main source(s) of business news in the country in which the 
Reference Entity is organised and any other internationally recognised published or 
electronically displayed news sources). 
"Publicly Available Information" means information that reasonably confirms any of 
the facts relevant to the determination that the Credit Event or Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium, as applicable, described in a Credit Event Notice or a 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice have occurred and which: 
(a) 
has been published in or on not less than the Specified Number of Public 
Sources (regardless of whether the reader or user thereof pays a fee to obtain 
such information); 
(b) 
is information received from or published by (i) the Reference Entity (or, if the 
Reference Entity is a Sovereign, any agency, instrumentality, ministry, 
department or other regulatory authority thereof acting in a governmental 
capacity (including, without limiting the foregoing, the central bank) of such 
Sovereign) or (ii) a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent, 
paying agent, facility agent or agent bank for an Obligation; or 
(c) 
is information contained in any order, decree, notice, petition or filing, however 
described, of or filed with a court, tribunal, exchange, regulatory authority or 
similar administrative, regulatory or judicial body,

--- Page 398 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 398 - 
47-41009328 
 
provided that where any information of the type described in sub-clauses (b) or (c) 
above is not publicly available, it can only constitute Publicly Available Information if 
it can be made public without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other 
restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
In relation to any information of the type described in sub-clauses (b) or (c) above, each 
Noteholder may assume that such information has been disclosed to it without violating 
any law, agreement or understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality 
of such information and that the Calculation Agent has not taken any action or entered 
into any agreement or understanding with the Reference Entity or any Affiliate of the 
Reference Entity that would be breached by, or would prevent, the disclosure of such 
information to third parties. 
Without limitation, Publicly Available Information need not state (i) in relation to a 
Downstream Affiliate, the percentage of Voting Shares owned by the Reference Entity 
and (ii) that the relevant occurrence (A) has met the Payment Requirement or Default 
Requirement, (B) is the result of exceeding any applicable Grace Period or (C) has met 
the subjective criteria specified in certain Credit Events. 
In relation to a Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event, Publicly Available Information 
must relate to the events described in sub-clauses (a) and (b) of the definition of 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
"Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee" means a Qualifying Guarantee provided by the 
Reference Entity in respect of an Underlying Obligation of a Downstream Affiliate of 
the Reference Entity. 
"Qualifying Guarantee" means a guarantee evidenced by a written instrument (which 
may include a statute or regulation) pursuant to which the Reference Entity irrevocably 
agrees, undertakes, or is otherwise obliged to pay all amounts or principal and interest 
(except for amounts which are not covered due to the exercise of a Fixed Cap) due 
under an Underlying Obligation for which the Underlying Obligor is the obligor, by 
guarantee or payment and not by guarantee of collection (or, in either case, any legal 
arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form under the relevant governing law). 
A Qualifying Guarantee shall not include any guarantee: 
(a) 
which is structured as a surety bond, financial guarantee insurance policy or 
letter of credit (or any legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form); 
or 
(b) 
pursuant to the terms applicable thereto, the principal payment obligations of 
the Reference Entity can be discharged, released, reduced, assigned or 
otherwise altered as a result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or 
circumstance, in each case, other than: 
(i) 
by payment; 
(ii) 
by way of Permitted Transfer; 
(iii) 
by operation of law;

--- Page 399 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 399 - 
47-41009328 
 
(iv) 
due to the existence of a Fixed Cap; or 
(v) 
due to: 
(A) 
provisions 
permitting 
or 
anticipating 
a 
Governmental 
Intervention, if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(B) 
any Solvency Capital Provisions, if "Subordinated European 
Insurance Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms in respect of the relevant Reference Entity. 
If the guarantee or Underlying Obligation contains provisions relating to the 
discharge, release, reduction, assignment or other alteration of the principal 
payment obligations of the Reference Entity and such provisions have ceased to 
apply or are suspended at the time of the relevant determination, in accordance 
with the terms of such guarantee or Underlying Obligation, due to or following 
the occurrence of (1) a non-payment in respect of the guarantee or the 
Underlying Obligation, or (2) an event of the type described in the definition of 
Bankruptcy in respect of the Reference Entity or the Underlying Obligor, then 
it shall be deemed for these purposes that such cessation or suspension is 
permanent, notwithstanding the terms of the guarantee or Underlying 
Obligation. 
In order for a guarantee to constitute a Qualifying Guarantee: 
(x) 
the benefit of such guarantee must be capable of being Delivered 
together with the Delivery of the Underlying Obligation; and 
(y) 
if a guarantee contains a Fixed Cap, all claims to any amounts which are 
subject to such Fixed Cap must be capable of being Delivered together 
with the Delivery of such guarantee. 
"Qualifying Participation Seller" means any participation seller that meets the 
requirements specified in the applicable Final Terms. If no such requirements are 
specified, there shall be no Qualifying Participation Seller. 
"Quantum of the Claim" means the lowest amount of the claim which could be validly 
asserted against the Reference Entity in respect of the Non-Contingent Amount if the 
obligation had become redeemable, been accelerated, terminated or had otherwise 
become due and payable at the time of the relevant determination, provided that the 
Quantum of the Claim cannot exceed the Non- Contingent Amount. 
"Quotation" means each Full Quotation and the Weighted Average Quotation obtained 
and expressed as a percentage of the Reference Obligation's Outstanding Principal 
Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, with respect to a Valuation Date 
in the following manner: 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to 
each Valuation Date from five or more Quotation Dealers. If the Calculation 
Agent is unable to obtain two or more such Full Quotations on the same 
Business Day within three Business Days of a Valuation Date, then on the next

--- Page 400 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 400 - 
47-41009328 
 
following Business Day (and, if necessary, on each Business Day thereafter 
until the tenth Business Day following the relevant Valuation Date) the 
Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations from five or more 
Quotation Dealers and, if two or more Full Quotations are not available, a 
Weighted Average Quotation. 
(b) 
If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more Full Quotations or a 
Weighted Average Quotation on the same Business Day on or prior to the tenth 
Business Day following the applicable Valuation Date the Quotations shall be 
deemed to be any Full Quotation obtained from a Quotation Dealer at the 
Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day, or if no Full Quotation is obtained, 
the weighted average of any firm quotations for the Reference Obligation 
obtained from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business 
Day with respect to the aggregate portion of the Quotation Amount for which 
such quotations were obtained and a quotation deemed to be zero for the balance 
of the Quotation Amount for which firm quotations were not obtained on such 
day. 
"Quotation Amount" means the sum so specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency converted by the Calculation Agent in a 
commercially reasonably manner by reference to exchange rates in effect at the time 
that the relevant Quotation is being obtained) provided that if no such sum is specified, 
the Quotation Amount shall be (a) an amount equal to the aggregate outstanding 
principal amount of the Notes or, in the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, the 
Related Nominal Amount of the relevant Reference Entity or (b) in the case of a 
Restructuring (if applicable), an amount equal to the relevant Exercise Amount. 
"Quotation Dealer" means a dealer (other than the relevant Issuer or any Affiliate of 
the relevant Issuer, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms) in 
obligations of the type of Obligation(s) for which Quotations are to be obtained, as 
selected by the Calculation Agent. 
"Quotation Method" means the Quotation Method specified in the applicable Final 
Terms by reference to one of the following terms: 
(a) 
"Bid" means that only bid quotations shall be requested from Quotation Dealers; 
(b) 
"Offer" means that only offer quotations shall be requested from Quotation 
Dealers; or 
(c) 
"Mid-market" means that bid and offer quotations shall be requested from 
Quotation Dealers and shall be averaged for purposes of determining a relevant 
Quotation Dealer's quotation. 
If a Quotation Method is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, Bid shall apply. 
"Ranking" means, for Tranche Notes where N-to-M-to-Default is specified as 
"Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, in relation to each Reference Entity in 
respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, the ranking in time 
of occurrence of such Credit Event Determination Date amongst all Credit Event 
Determination Dates, provided that if several Credit Event Determination Dates are

--- Page 401 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 401 - 
47-41009328 
 
identical in respect of several Reference Entities comprised within the Reference 
Portfolio, the date on which the relevant Credit Event Notices have been sent shall be 
used to determine the Ranking of those Reference Entities and if the Credit Event 
Notices have been sent on the same date, the time on which the relevant Credit Event 
Notices have been sent shall be used to determine the Ranking of those Reference 
Entities. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the first Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event 
Determination Date occurs will have a Ranking of 1. 
"Recovery Amount" means, save as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
an amount in the Settlement Currency divided by the Nominal Amount which shall in 
turn be divided, if applicable, by the applicable Currency Rate, determined by the 
Calculation Agent as being equal to the proceeds, if any, actually received by the Issuer 
upon the sale or disposal of (a) a nominal amount of the Reference Obligation(s) equal 
to the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Notes or (b) in the case of a 
Restructuring (if applicable), a nominal amount of the Reference Obligation(s) equal to 
the relevant Exercise Amount or (c) in the case of a Linear Basket Credit Linked Note, 
a nominal amount of the Reference Obligation(s) equal to the relevant Related Nominal 
Amount or (d) in the event that Credit Linked Condition 5(f)(iii) applies, the 
Undeliverable Obligation, Undeliverable Loan Obligation or Undeliverable 
Participation, as the case may be, in each case subject to deduction of any amount of 
any taxes, fees, or costs that may be incurred by the Issuer. For the avoidance of doubt, 
in the event that there is more than one Reference Obligation, the Issuer shall determine, 
in its sole and absolute discretion, the selection of Reference Obligations for such sale 
or disposal. 
"Reference Entity" or "Reference Entities" means the entity or entities specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms, and any Successor either (a) as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on or following the Trade Date or (b) identified pursuant to a DC 
Resolution in respect of a Successor Resolution Request Date and publicly announced 
by the DC Secretary on or following the Trade Date shall, in each case, with effect from 
the Succession Date, be the Reference Entity. 
"Reference Entity Level" means, on any relevant Scheduled Trading Day, the closing 
level of the Reference Entity on such Scheduled Trading Day. The information source 
will be specified in the relevant Final Terms and may include, without limitation, third-
party information providers (such as Bloomberg or Reuters), a supervisory authority or 
a central bank, a regulated market or other trading venue manager or a third-party 
intermediary. 
"Reference Entity Notional Amount" means, unless specified otherwise in the 
applicable Final Terms, for each Reference Entity, the amount equal to the product of 
the Reference Entity Weighting and the Reference Portfolio Amount; 
"Reference Entity Weighting" means the proportion specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, which will be adjusted in accordance with the provisions of the 
definition of Successor upon the occurrence of a Succession Event, if applicable; 
"Reference Obligation" means the Standard Reference Obligation, if any, unless:

--- Page 402 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 402 - 
47-41009328 
 
(a) 
"Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, in which case the Reference Obligation will be the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation, if any; or 
(b) 
(i) "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms (or no election is specified in the applicable Final Terms), (ii) there 
is no Standard Reference Obligation and (iii) a Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in which case the 
Reference Obligation will be (A) the Non-Standard Reference Obligation to but 
excluding the first date of publication of the Standard Reference Obligation and 
(B) the Standard Reference Obligation from such date onwards, provided that 
the Standard Reference Obligation that is published would have been eligible to 
be selected as a Substitute Reference Obligation. 
"Reference Obligation Only" means any obligation that is a Reference Obligation and 
no Obligation Characteristics shall be applicable to Reference Obligation Only. 
"Reference Obligation Only Notes" means Notes in respect of which (a) "Reference 
Obligation Only" is specified as the Obligation Category and the Deliverable 
Obligation Category in the applicable Final Terms and (b) "Standard Reference 
Obligation" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms. If a Substitution 
Event occurs with respect to the Reference Obligation applicable to Reference 
Obligation Only Notes, such Reference Obligation shall continue to be the Reference 
Obligation. 
Notwithstanding the other provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions, (i) no 
Substitute Reference Obligation shall be determined in respect of a Reference 
Obligation Only Trade and (ii) if the events set out in sub-paragraphs (b) or (c) of the 
definition of Substitution Event occur with respect to the Reference Obligation in a 
Reference Obligation Only Trade, such Reference Obligation shall continue to be the 
Reference Obligation. 
"Reference Portfolio" means, in respect of Tranche Notes, a portfolio comprising all 
the Reference Entities. 
"Reference Portfolio Notional Amount" means, unless specified otherwise in the 
applicable Final Terms, in respect of Tranche Notes, an amount equal to the Aggregate 
Nominal Amount divided by the difference between the Detachment Point and the 
Attachment Point; 
"Related Nominal Amount" means, in respect of a Reference Entity, the amount 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Relevant City Business Day" has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
"Relevant Defaulted Reference Entities" means, if applicable, each Reference Entity 
in relation to which a Credit Event has occurred following the Protected Defaulted 
Reference Entities. 
"Relevant Guarantee" means a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if "All Guarantees" 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a Qualifying Guarantee.

--- Page 403 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 403 - 
47-41009328 
 
If an Obligation or a Deliverable Obligation is a Relevant Guarantee, the following will 
apply: 
(a) 
For the purposes of the application of the Obligation Category or the 
Deliverable Obligation Category, the Relevant Guarantee shall be deemed to 
satisfy the same category or categories as those that describe the Underlying 
Obligation. 
(b) 
For the purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, both the Relevant Guarantee and the 
Underlying Obligation must satisfy on the relevant date or dates each of the 
applicable Obligation Characteristics or Deliverable Obligation Characteristics 
specified in the applicable Final Terms from the following list: "Not 
Subordinated", "Specified Currency", "Not Sovereign Lender", "Not Domestic 
Currency", and "Not Domestic Law". 
(c) 
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, only the Underlying Obligation must 
satisfy on the relevant date or dates each of the applicable Obligation 
Characteristics or Deliverable Obligation Characteristics specified in the 
applicable Final Terms from the following list: "Listed", "Not Domestic 
Issuance", "Assignable Loan", "Consent Required Loan", "Direct Loan 
Participation", "Transferable", "Maximum Maturity", "Accelerated" or 
"Matured" and "Not Bearer". 
(d) 
For the purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics to an Underlying Obligation, references 
to the Reference Entity shall be deemed to refer to the Underlying Obligor. 
"Relevant Holder" means a holder of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond, as the case may be, with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due 
and Payable Amount, as applicable, immediately prior to the relevant Asset Package 
Credit Event, equal to the Outstanding Amount specified in respect of such Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement, or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable. 
"Relevant Obligations" means the Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall 
within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan" and which are outstanding immediately 
prior to the Succession Date (or, if there is a Steps Plan, immediately prior to the legally 
effective date of the first succession), provided that: 
(a) 
any Bonds or Loans outstanding between the Reference Entity and any of its 
Affiliates, or held by the Reference Entity, shall be excluded; 
(b) 
if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall, for the purposes of 
determination required to be made under sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of 
Successor, make the appropriate adjustments required to take account of any 
Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation Category 
"Bond or Loan" that are issued, incurred, redeemed, repurchased or cancelled 
from and including the legally effective date of the first succession to and 
including the Succession Date;

--- Page 404 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 404 - 
47-41009328 
 
(c) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms and the Notes are a Senior Transaction, the Relevant Obligations 
shall only include the Senior Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall 
within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan"; and 
(d) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms and the Notes are a Subordinated Transaction, Relevant 
Obligations shall exclude Senior Obligations and any Further Subordinated 
Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation Category 
"Bond or Loan", provided that if no such Relevant Obligations exist, "Relevant 
Obligations" shall have the same meaning as it would if the Notes were a Senior 
Transaction. 
"Relevant Proportion" means the proportion which the principal amount of the Note 
or Notes the subject of an Asset Transfer Notice bears to the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of all Notes outstanding (including those the subject of the Asset Transfer 
Notice) immediately prior to the date set for redemption. 
"Remaining Amount" has the meaning set out in Credit Linked Condition 7(c)(iii). 
"Remaining Reference Entities" means, with respect to Nth - Default Linear Basket 
Credit Linked Notes, the Reference Entity(ies) remaining after the occurrence of a 
Credit Event and a Credit Event Determination Date with respect to the Nth Reference 
Entity. 
"Repudiation/Moratorium" means the occurrence of both the following events: 
(a) 
an authorised officer of the Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority (i) 
disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole, or in part, or challenges 
the validity of, one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than 
the Default Requirement or (ii) declares or imposes a moratorium, standstill, 
roll-over or deferral, whether de facto or de jure, with respect to one or more 
Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement; 
and 
(b) 
Failure to Pay, determined without regard to the Payment Requirement, or a 
Restructuring, determined without regard to the Default Requirement, with 
respect 
to 
any 
such 
Obligation 
occurs 
on 
or 
prior 
to 
the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
"Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation 
Date" 
means, 
if 
a 
Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Observation End Date: 
(a) 
if the Obligations to which such Potential Repudiation/ Moratorium relates 
include Bonds, the date that is the later of (i) the date that is 60 days after the 
date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium and (ii) the first payment date 
under any such Bond after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium 
(or, if later, if the expiration date of any applicable Grace Period in respect of 
such payment date); and

--- Page 405 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 405 - 
47-41009328 
 
(b) 
if the Obligations to which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates do 
not include Bonds, the date that is 60 days after the date of such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium, 
provided that, in either case, the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date shall occur 
no later than the Scheduled Observation End Date unless the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Extension Condition is satisfied. 
The "Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition" is satisfied: 
(a) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that the DC Secretary has publicly 
announced, pursuant to a valid request that was delivered and effectively 
received on or prior to the date that is fourteen calendar days after the Scheduled 
Observation End Date that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved that an event that constitutes a Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred with respect to an Obligation of the 
Reference Entity and that such event occurred on or prior to the Scheduled 
Observation End Date and such Resolution constitutes an Applicable 
Resolution; or 
(b) 
otherwise by the delivery of a Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice and, 
if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a Notice of Publicly 
Available Information, by the Issuer to Noteholders in accordance with these 
Credit Linked Conditions prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
In all cases, the Calculation Agent may determine that the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Extension Condition has not been satisfied, or is not capable of being satisfied, if, or to 
the extent that, the DC Secretary publicly announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved that either (i) an event does not constitute a 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium with respect to an Obligation of the Reference Entity 
or (ii) an event that constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred with 
respect to an Obligation of the Reference Entity but that such event occurred after the 
Scheduled Observation End Date, in each case provided that the Calculation Agent 
determines such Resolution is an Applicable Resolution. 
"Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice" means an irrevocable notice from the 
Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with these Credit Linked Conditions that 
describes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that occurred on or prior to the 
Scheduled Observation End Date. A Repudiation/ Moratorium Extension Notice must 
contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination that 
a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred and indicate the date of the 
occurrence. The Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that is the subject of the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice need not to be continuing on the date the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice is delivered. 
"Resolve", "Resolved", "Resolves" and "Resolving" means, with respect to a Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee, the making of a specific determination in 
accordance with the relevant Rules (and each such determination, a "DC Resolution"). 
"Restructured Bond or Loan" means an Obligation that is a Bond or Loan in respect 
of which the relevant Restructuring has occurred.

--- Page 406 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 406 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Restructuring" means: 
(a) 
with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount 
of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following 
events occurs, is agreed between the Reference Entity or a Governmental 
Authority and the holder or holders of such Obligation or is announced (or 
otherwise decreed) by the Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority in a 
form that binds all holders of such Obligation (including in each case in respect 
of Bonds only, by way of exchange), and such event is not provided for under 
the terms of such Obligation in effect as of the later of the relevant Credit Event 
Backstop Date and the date as of which such obligation is issued or incurred: 
(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of 
scheduled interest accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption 
(including by way of redenomination); 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (A) the 
payment or accrual of interest or (B) the payment of principal or 
premium; 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing 
the subordination of such Obligation; or 
(v) 
any change in the currency of any payment of interest, principal or 
premium to any currency other than the lawful currency of Canada, 
Japan, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the United States of 
America and the euro and any successor currency to any of the 
aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall mean the 
currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
(b) 
Notwithstanding the provisions of sub-paragraph (a) of this definition of 
Restructuring, none of the following shall constitute a Restructuring: 
(i) 
the payment in euros of interest, principal or premium in relation to an 
Obligation denominated in a currency of a Member State of the 
European Union that adopts or has adopted the single currency in 
accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as 
amended by the Treaty on European Union; 
(ii) 
the redenomination from euros into another currency, if (A) the 
redenomination occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental 
Authority of a Member State of the European Union which is of general 
application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (B) 
a freely available market rate of conversion between euros and such 
other currency existed at the time of such redenomination and there is 
no reduction in the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium 
payable, as determined by reference to such freely available market rate 
of conversion;

--- Page 407 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 407 - 
47-41009328 
 
(iii) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events 
described in sub-paragraphs (a)(i) to (v) of this definition of 
Restructuring, due to an administrative adjustment, accounting 
adjustment or tax adjustment or other technical adjustment occurring in 
the ordinary course of business; and 
(iv) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events 
described in sub-paragraphs (a) (i) to (v) of this definition of 
Restructuring, in circumstances where such event does not directly or 
indirectly result from a deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial 
condition of the Reference Entity, provided that in respect of sub-
paragraph (a)(v) only, no such deterioration in the creditworthiness or 
financial condition of the Reference Entity is required where the 
redenomination is from euros into another currency and occurs as a 
result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State 
of the European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction 
of such Governmental Authority. 
(c) 
For the purposes of sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) of this definition of 
Restructuring, the term Obligation shall be deemed to include Underlying 
Obligations for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Guarantee. 
In the case of a Guarantee and an Underlying Obligation, references to the 
Reference Entity in sub-paragraph (a) shall be deemed to refer to the Underlying 
Obligor and the reference to the Reference Entity in sub-paragraph (b) shall 
continue to refer to the Reference Entity. 
(d) 
If an exchange has occurred, the determination as to whether one of the events 
described under sub-paragraphs (a)(i) to (v) has occurred will be based on a 
comparison of the terms of the Bond immediately prior to such exchange and 
the terms of the resulting obligations immediately following such exchange. 
(e) 
Unless Multiple Holder Obligation is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in (a), 
(b) or (c) above, the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the 
events described in (a)(i) to (v) shall not be a Restructuring unless the Obligation 
in respect of any such events is a Multiple Holder Obligation. 
"Restructuring Date" means the date on which a Restructuring is legally effective in 
accordance with the terms of the documentation governing the Restructuring. 
"Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date" means, with respect to a Deliverable 
Obligation, the Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Scheduled 
Observation End Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the final maturity date of the 
Restructured Bond or Loan with the latest final maturity date of any Restructured Bond 
or Loan occurs prior to the 2.5-year Limitation Date (such Restructured Bond or Loan, 
a "Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan") and the Scheduled Observation 
End Date occurs prior to the final maturity date of such Latest Maturity Restructured 
Bond or Loan, then the Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the final 
maturity date of such Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan.

--- Page 408 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 408 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Revised Currency Rate" means, with respect to a Replacement Deliverable 
Obligation specified in a NOPS Amendment Notice, the rate of conversion between the 
currency in which the Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount is 
denominated and the currency in which the Outstanding Amount of such Replacement 
Deliverable Obligation is denominated that is determined either (a) by reference to the 
Currency Rate Source as at the Next Currency Fixing Time, or (b) if such rate is not 
available at such time, as the Calculation Agent shall determine in a commercially 
reasonable manner. 
"Scheduled Observation End Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms, or if no date is so specified, the Scheduled Maturity Date. The Scheduled 
Observation End Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention. 
"Senior Obligation" means any obligation which is not Subordinated to any 
unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity. 
"Senior Transaction" means a Notional Credit Derivative Transaction for which (a) 
the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Senior 
Obligation, or (b) there is no Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation. 
"Seniority Level" means, with respect to an obligation of the Reference Entity, (a) 
"Senior Level" or "Subordinated Level" as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or 
(b) if no such seniority level is specified in the applicable Final Terms, "Senior Level" 
if the Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation is a Senior Obligation or 
"Subordinated Level" if the Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation is a 
Subordinated Obligation, failing which (c) "Senior Level". 
"Settlement Basis" means Cash Settlement, Physical Settlement and/or Auction 
Settlement, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or Credit Event Notice. 
"Settlement Currency" means the currency specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Settlement Date" means either the Cash Settlement Date, the Physical Settlement 
Date or the Auction Settlement Date, as applicable. 
"Settlement Election End Date" means the later of: 
(a) 
the last day of the period described in sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of 
"Credit Event Determination Date"; and 
(b) 
the last day of the latest of the periods described in the definition of "NOPS Cut-
off Date". 
"Single Name Credit Linked Notes" means any Series of Notes in respect of which 
the Issuer purchases credit protection from Noteholders in respect of one Reference 
Entity alone and pursuant to which, upon the occurrence of a Credit Event 
Determination Date with respect to the single Reference Entity, the Notes will be 
redeemed in accordance with the relevant Settlement Basis. 
"Solvency Capital Provisions" means any terms in an obligation which permit the 
Reference Entity's payment obligations thereunder to be deferred, suspended,

--- Page 409 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 409 - 
47-41009328 
 
cancelled, converted, reduced or otherwise varied and which are necessary in order for 
the obligation to constitute capital resources of a particular tier. 
"Sovereign" means any state, political subdivision or government, or any agency, 
instrumentality, ministry, department or other authority acting in a governmental 
capacity (including, without limiting the foregoing, the central bank) thereof. 
"Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation" means an Obligation of a 
Reference Entity which is a Sovereign (either directly or as provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee) (a) in respect of which a Restructuring that is the subject of the Credit Event 
Notice or DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred and (b) which fell within the 
definition of a Deliverable Obligation set out in sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of 
Deliverable Obligation immediately preceding the date on which such Restructuring is 
legally effective in accordance with the terms of the documentation governing such 
Restructuring. 
"Sovereign Succession Event" means, with respect to a Reference Entity that is a 
Sovereign, an annexation, unification, secession, partition, dissolution, consolidation, 
reconstitution or other similar event. 
"Specific Non-Standard Event Determination Date" the date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, or if no date is so specified, the Notice Delivery Date. 
"Specified Currency" means an obligation that is payable in the currency or currencies 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if Specified Currency is selected as 
an Obligation Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation Characteristic in the applicable 
Final Terms and no currency is so specified, any Standard Specified Currency), 
provided that if the euro is a Specified Currency, "Specified Currency" shall also 
include an obligation that was previously payable in euro, regardless of any 
redenomination thereunder if such redenomination occurred as a result of action taken 
by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the European Union which is of 
general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority. 
"Specified Number" means the number of Public Sources specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, two). 
"SRO List" means the list of Standard Reference Obligations as published by ISDA on 
its website at www.isda.org from time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by 
a third party designated by ISDA on its website from time to time. 
"Standard Reference Obligation" means the obligation of the Reference Entity with 
the relevant Seniority Level which is specified from time to time on the SRO List. 
"Standard Specified Currency" means each of the lawful currencies of Canada, Japan, 
Switzerland, France, Germany, the United Kingdom and the United States of America 
and the euro and any successor currency to any of the aforementioned currencies (which 
in the case of the euro shall mean the currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro 
in whole). 
"Standard Unwind Costs" means, with respect to any Series of Notes in respect of 
which "Standard Unwind Adjustment" is specified as applying in the applicable Final

--- Page 410 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 410 - 
47-41009328 
 
Terms, an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, determined by the Calculation Agent 
equal to the sum of (without duplication) all costs, expenses (including loss of funding), 
tax and duties incurred by the Issuer in connection with the exercise, settlement, 
cancellation and/or termination of the relevant Series of Notes (and/or the reduction in 
the outstanding principal amount thereof) and the related termination, settlement or re-
establishment of any transaction or trading position entered into or held by the Issuer 
and/or any of its Affiliates to hedge, directly or indirectly, the Issuer's obligations or 
positions (whether in whole or in part) in respect of the relevant Series of Notes, such 
amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst the outstanding principal amount 
outstanding of each relevant Series of Notes. 
"Steps Plan" means a plan evidenced by Eligible Information contemplating that there 
will be a series of successions to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity, by one or more entities. 
"Subordinated" will be construed accordingly. For purposes of determining whether 
Subordination exists or whether an obligation is Subordinated with respect to another 
obligation to which it is being compared, (i) the existence of preferred creditors arising 
by operation of law or of collateral, credit support or other credit enhancement or 
security arrangements shall not be taken into account, except that, notwithstanding the 
foregoing, priorities arising by operation of law shall be taken into account where the 
Reference Entity is a Sovereign and (ii) in the case of the Reference Obligation or the 
Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, the ranking in priority of payment shall be 
determined as of the date as of which it was issued or incurred (or in circumstances 
where the Reference Obligation or a Prior Reference Obligation is the Standard 
Reference Obligation and "Standard Reference Obligation" is applicable, then the 
priority of payment of the Reference Obligation or the Prior Reference Obligation, as 
applicable, shall be determined as of the date of selection) and, in each case, shall not 
reflect any change to such ranking in priority of payment after such date. 
"Subordinated Obligation" means any obligation which is Subordinated to any 
unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity or which would 
be so Subordinated if any unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference 
Entity existed. 
"Subordinated Transaction" means a Notional Credit Derivative Transaction for 
which the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a 
Subordinated Obligation. 
"Subordination" means, with respect to an obligation (the "Second Obligation") and 
another obligation of the Reference Entity to which such obligation is being compared 
(the "First Obligation") a contractual, trust or similar arrangement providing that (a) 
upon the liquidation, dissolution, reorganisation or winding-up of the Reference Entity 
claims of the holders of the First Obligation are required to be satisfied prior to the 
claims of the holders of the Second Obligation or (b) the holders of the Second 
Obligation will not be entitled to receive or retain principal payments in respect of their 
claims against the Reference Entity at any time that the Reference Entity is in payment 
arrears or is otherwise in default under the First Obligation. 
"Substitute Reference Obligation" means, with respect to a Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation to which a Substitution Event has occurred, the obligation that will replace

--- Page 411 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 411 - 
47-41009328 
 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, determined by the Calculation Agent as 
follows: 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent shall identify the Substitute Reference Obligation in 
accordance with sub-paragraphs (c), (d) and (e) below to replace the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation; provided that the Calculation Agent will not 
identify an obligation as the Substitute Reference Obligation if, at the time of 
the determination, such obligation has already been rejected as the Substitute 
Reference Obligation by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee and such obligation has not changed materially since the date of the 
relevant DC Resolution. 
(b) 
If any of the events set forth under sub-paragraphs (a) or (c) of the definition of 
Substitution Event have occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation, the Non-Standard Reference Obligation will cease to be the 
Reference Obligation (other than for purposes of the "Not Subordinated" 
Obligation Characteristic or "Not Subordinated" Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic and sub-paragraph (c)(ii) below. If the event set forth in sub-
paragraph (b) of the definition of Substitution Event has occurred with respect 
to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation and no Substitute Reference 
Obligation is available, the Non-Standard Reference Obligation will continue 
to be the Reference Obligation until the Substitute Reference Obligation is 
identified or, if earlier, until any of the events set forth under sub-paragraphs (a) 
or (c) of the definition of Substitution Event occur with respect to such Non-
Standard Reference Obligation. 
(c) 
The Substitute Reference Obligation shall be an obligation that on the 
Substitution Date: 
(i) 
is a Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly 
or as provider of a guarantee); 
(ii) 
satisfies the Not Subordinated Deliverable Obligation Characteristic as 
of the date it was issued or incurred (without reflecting any change to 
the priority of payment after such date) and on the Substitution Date; 
and 
(iii) 
(A) if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Conforming 
Reference Obligation when issued or incurred and immediately prior to 
the Substitution Event Date: (1) is a Deliverable Obligation (other than 
a Loan) determined in accordance with sub-paragraph (a) of the 
definition of Deliverable Obligation; or if no such obligation is 
available, (2) is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which 
constitutes a Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with sub-
paragraph (a) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation; (B) if the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation was a Bond (or any other Borrowed 
Money obligation other than a Loan) which was a Non-Conforming 
Reference Obligation when issued or incurred and/or immediately prior 
to the Substitution Event Date: (1) is a Non-Conforming Substitute 
Reference Obligation (other than a Loan); or if no such obligation is 
available, (2) is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined

--- Page 412 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 412 - 
47-41009328 
 
in accordance with sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of Deliverable 
Obligation; or if no such obligation is available, (3) is a Non-
Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is a Loan (other 
than a Private-side Loan); or if no such obligation is available, (4) is a 
Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a Deliverable 
Obligation determined in accordance with sub-paragraph (a) of the 
definition of Deliverable Obligation; or (C) if the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation was a Loan which was a Non-Conforming 
Reference Obligation when incurred and/or immediately prior to the 
Substitution Event Date: (1) is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference 
Obligation which is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan); or if no 
such obligation is available, (2) is a Non-Conforming Substitute 
Reference Obligation (other than a Loan); or if no such obligation is 
available, (3) is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined 
in accordance with sub-paragraph (a) Deliverable Obligation; or if no 
such obligation is available, (4) is a Loan (other than a Private-side 
Loan) which constitutes a Deliverable Obligation determined in 
accordance with sub-paragraph (a) Deliverable Obligation. 
(d) 
If more than one potential Substitute Reference Obligation is identified pursuant 
to the process described in sub-paragraph (c) above, the Substitute Reference 
Obligation will be the potential Substitute Reference Obligation that most 
closely preserves the economic equivalent of the delivery and payment 
obligations of the Issuer under the Notes, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. The Calculation Agent will notify the parties of the Substitute Reference 
Obligation as soon as reasonably practicable after it has been identified in 
accordance with sub-paragraph (c) above and the Substitute Reference 
Obligation shall replace the Non-Standard Reference Obligation immediately 
upon such notification. 
(e) 
If a Substitution Event has occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation and the Calculation Agent determines that no Substitute Reference 
Obligation is available for the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, then, 
subject to sub-paragraph (a) above and notwithstanding the fact that the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation may have ceased to be the Reference Obligation 
in accordance with sub-paragraph (b) above, the Calculation Agent shall 
continue to attempt to identify the Substitute Reference Obligation. 
"Substitution Date" means, with respect to a Substitute Reference Obligation, the date 
on which the Calculation Agent notifies the Issuer of the Substitute Reference 
Obligation that it has identified. 
"Substitution Event" means, with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation: 
(a) 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation is redeemed in whole; 
(b) 
the aggregate amounts due under the Non-Standard Reference Obligation have 
been reduced by redemption or otherwise below USD 10,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent); or

--- Page 413 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 413 - 
47-41009328 
 
(c) 
for any reason, other than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation is no longer an obligation of the 
Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a guarantee). 
For purposes of identification of the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, any change 
in the Non-Standard Reference Obligation's CUSIP or ISIN number or other similar 
identifier will not, in and of itself, constitute a Substitution Event. 
If an event described in sub-paragraphs (a) or (b) above has occurred on or prior to the 
Issue Date, then a Substitution Event shall be deemed to have occurred pursuant to sub-
paragraphs (a) or (b) above, as the case may be, on the Trade Date. 
"Substitution Event Date" means, with respect to the Reference Obligation, the date 
of the occurrence of the relevant Substitution Event. 
"succeed" means, with respect to the Reference Entity and its Relevant Obligations, 
that an entity other than the Reference Entity (i) assumes or becomes liable for such 
Relevant Obligations whether by operation of law or pursuant to any agreement 
(including, with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, any protocol, treaty, 
convention, accord, concord, entente, pact or other agreement), or (ii) issues Bonds or 
incurs Loans (the "Exchange Bonds or Loans") that are exchanged for Relevant 
Obligations, and in either case the Reference Entity is not thereafter a direct obligor or 
a provider of a Relevant Guarantee with respect to such Relevant Obligations or such 
Exchange Bonds or Loans, as applicable. For such purposes and the definition of 
"Successor", the terms "succeeded" and "succession" shall be construed accordingly. 
In the case of an exchange offer, the determination required pursuant to the definition 
of Successor shall be made on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of Relevant 
Obligations and not on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of the Exchange 
Bonds or Loans. 
"Succession Date" means the legally effective date of an event in which one or more 
entities succeed to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity; 
provided that if at such time, there is a Steps Plan, the Succession Date will be the 
legally effective date of the final succession in respect of such Steps Plan, or if earlier 
(i) the date on which a determination for the purposes of the definition of "Successor" 
would not be affected by any further related successions in respect of such Steps Plan, 
or (ii) the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date in respect of the Reference 
Entity or any entity which would constitute a Successor. 
"Succession Event" means the succession (or, in relation to a Reference Entity that is 
a Sovereign, a Sovereign Succession Event) in respect of which a Succession Date has 
occurred and pursuant to which one or more Successors to the Reference Entity can be 
determined in accordance with these Credit Linked Conditions. 
"Successor" means: 
(a) 
means the entity or entities, if any, determined by the Calculation Agent as 
follows:

--- Page 414 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 414 - 
47-41009328 
 
(i) 
subject to sub-paragraph (vii) below, if one entity succeeds, either 
directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to seventy-five per 
cent. or more of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, that 
entity will be the sole Successor for (a) if the Notes are not Linear Basket 
Credit Linked Notes, the entire principal amount of the Notes then 
outstanding or (b) if the Notes are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, 
the entire Related Nominal Amount of that original Reference Entity 
then outstanding; 
(ii) 
if only one entity succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to more than twenty-five per cent. (but less than seventy-five 
per cent.) of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, and not 
more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity remain with the Reference Entity, the entity that 
succeeds to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations 
will be the sole Successor for (a) if the Notes are not Linear Basket 
Credit Linked Notes, the entire principal amount of the Notes then 
outstanding or (b) if the Notes are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, 
the entire Related Nominal Amount of that original Reference Entity 
then outstanding; 
(iii) 
if more than one entity each succeeds, either directly or as a provider of 
a Relevant Guarantee to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant 
Obligations of the Reference Entity, and not more than twenty-five per 
cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity remain with 
the Reference Entity, the entities that succeed to more than twenty-five 
per cent. of the Relevant Obligations will each be a Successor in respect 
of (a) if the Notes are not Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, a portion 
of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding or (b) if the Notes 
are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, a portion of the Related Nominal 
Amount of the original Reference Entity then outstanding, in each case 
subject to and in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 10 
(Succession Event); 
(iv) 
if one or more entities each succeeds, either directly or as a provider of 
a Relevant Guarantee, to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant 
Obligations of the Reference Entity, and more than twenty-five per cent. 
of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity remain with the 
Reference Entity, each such entity and the Reference Entity will each be 
a Successor in respect of (a) if the Notes are not Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Notes, a portion of the principal amount of the Notes then 
outstanding or (b) if the Notes are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, a 
portion of the Related Nominal Amount of the original Reference Entity 
then outstanding, in each case subject to and in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 10 (Succession Event); 
(v) 
if one or more entities succeed, either directly or as a provider of a 
Relevant Guarantee, to a portion of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity, but no entity succeeds to more than twenty-five per 
cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity and the 
Reference Entity continues to exist, there will be no Successor and the

--- Page 415 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 415 - 
47-41009328 
 
Reference Entity for the purposes of the Credit Linked Conditions will 
not be changed in any way as a result of the Succession Event; 
(vi) 
if one or more entities succeed, either directly or as a provider of a 
Relevant Guarantee, to a portion of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity, but no entity succeeds to more than twenty-five per 
cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity and the 
Reference Entity ceases to exist, the entity which succeeds to the 
greatest percentage of Relevant Obligations will be the Successor 
(provided that if two or more entities succeed to an equal percentage of 
Relevant Obligations each such entity will be a Successor); and 
(vii) 
in respect of a Reference Entity which is not a Sovereign, if one entity 
as determined by the Calculation Agent assumes all of the obligations 
(including at least one Relevant Obligation) of the Reference Entity, and 
at the time of the determination either (A) the Reference Entity has 
ceased to exist, or (B) the Reference Entity is in the process of being 
dissolved (howsoever described) and the Reference Entity has not issued 
or incurred any Borrowed Money obligation at any time since the legally 
effective date of the assumption, such entity (the "Universal 
Successor") will be the sole Successor. 
(b) 
An entity may only be a Successor if: 
(i) 
either (A) the related Succession Date occurs on or after the Successor 
Backstop Date, or (B) such entity is a Universal Successor in respect of 
which the Succession Date occurred on or after 1 January 2014; 
(ii) 
the Reference Entity had at least one Relevant Obligation outstanding 
immediately prior to the Succession Date and such entity succeeds to all 
or part of at least one Relevant Obligation of the Reference Entity; and 
(iii) 
where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, such entity succeeded to the 
Relevant Obligations by way of a Sovereign Succession Event. 
"Successor Backstop Date" means for purposes of any Successor determination 
determined by DC Resolution, the date that is 90 calendar days prior to the Successor 
Resolution Request Date otherwise, the date that is 90 calendar days prior to the earlier 
of (a) the date on which the Successor Notice is effective and (b) in circumstances 
where (i) a Successor Resolution Request Date has occurred, (ii) the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a Successor 
determination and (iii) the Successor Notice is delivered not more than fourteen 
calendar days after the day on which the DC Secretary publicly announces that the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a 
Successor determination, the Successor Resolution Request Date. The Successor 
Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day 
Convention. 
"Successor Notice" means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent to the 
Issuer that describes a succession (or, in relation to a Reference Entity that is a 
Sovereign, a Sovereign Succession Event) in respect of which a Succession Date has

--- Page 416 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 416 - 
47-41009328 
 
occurred and pursuant to which one or more Successors to the Reference Entity can be 
determined. A Successor Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the 
facts relevant to the determination to be for the purposes of the definition of 
"Successor". 
"Successor Resolution Request Date" means, with respect to a notice to the DC 
Secretary requesting that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened 
to Resolve one or more Successors to the Reference Entity, the date, as publicly 
announced by the DC Secretary, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee Resolves to be the date on which such notice is effective. 
"Trade Date" means for the purposes of these Credit Linked Conditions and in respect 
of any Notes, the date specified as such in paragraph 31 of the applicable Final Terms. 
"Tranche Note" means a Basket Credit Linked Note for which the applicable Final 
Terms specify that the clause "Type of Credit Linked Notes" is stated as being "Tranche 
Notes". 
"Tranche Notional Amount" means in respect of Tranche Notes, the Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Notes. 
"Tranche Reference Price" means the percentage specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, if not specified, 100%) 
"Tranche Subordination Amount" means, with respect to Tranche Notes, the 
Reference Portfolio Notional Amount multiplied by the Attachment Point. 
"Transaction Auction Settlement Terms" means the Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms for which the relevant Notional Credit Derivative Transaction would 
be an Auction Covered Transaction. 
"Transaction Type" means, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, for the 
purposes of the application of the Physical Settlement Matrix to the Notes, each 
Reference Entity designated as one of the following in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
North American Corporate; 
(b) 
European Corporate; 
(c) 
Australian Corporate; 
(d) 
New Zealand Corporate; 
(e) 
Japan Corporate; 
(f) 
Singapore Corporate; 
(g) 
Asia Corporate; 
(h) 
Subordinated European Insurance Corporate; 
(i) 
Emerging European Corporate;

--- Page 417 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 417 - 
47-41009328 
 
(j) 
Latin American Corporate (B); 
(k) 
Latin American Corporate (B&L); 
(l) 
Asia Sovereign; 
(m) 
Emerging European & Middle Eastern Sovereign; 
(n) 
Japan Sovereign; 
(o) 
Australia Sovereign; 
(p) 
New Zealand Sovereign; 
(q) 
Singapore Sovereign; 
(r) 
America Sovereign; 
(s) 
Western European Sovereign; 
and any other Transaction Type which may be added to the Physical Settlement Matrix 
from time to time. 
"Transaction Type Standard Terms" means, unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms, in respect of any Transaction Type specified in the Final Terms as a Reference 
Entity, the relevant terms corresponding to such Transaction Type contained in the 
Physical Settlement Matrix. 
"Transferable" means an obligation that is transferable to institutional investors 
without any contractual, statutory or regulatory restriction provided that none of the 
following shall be considered contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions: 
(a) 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions that provide for eligibility for 
resale pursuant to Rule 144A or Regulation S promulgated under the United 
States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (and any contractual, statutory or 
regulatory restrictions promulgated under the laws of any jurisdiction having a 
similar effect in relation to the eligibility for resale of an obligation); 
(b) 
restrictions on permitted investments such as statutory or regulatory investment 
restrictions on insurance companies and pension funds; or 
(c) 
restrictions in respect of blocked periods on or around payment dates or voting 
periods. 
"Uncured Default" means a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred and neither a Credit 
Event as a result of a Failure to Pay nor a Default Correction Date has occurred. 
"Undeliverable Loan Obligations" "Undeliverable Obligations" and "Undeliverable 
Participations" shall each have the meaning specified in Credit Linked Condition 
5(f)(ii). 
"Underlying Obligation" means, with respect to a guarantee, the obligation which is 
the subject to the guarantee.

--- Page 418 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 418 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Underlying Obligor" means, with respect to an Underlying Obligation, the issuer in 
the case of a Bond, the borrower in the case of a Loan, or the principal obligor in the 
case of any other Underlying Obligation. 
"Valuation Date" means: 
(a) 
if "Single Valuation Date" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject to 
Credit Linked Condition 7 (Suspension Terms), the date that is the number of 
Business Days specified in the Final Terms (or, if the number of Business Days 
is not so specified, five Business Days) following the Credit Event 
Determination Date (or if the Credit Event Determination Date occurs pursuant 
to sub-paragraph (a)(ii) of the definition of "Credit Event Determination Date" 
or sub-paragraph (b)(i) of the definition of Non-Standard Event Determination 
Date, the day on which the DC Credit Event Announcement occurs) (or, if 
"Cash Settlement" is applicable pursuant to the Fallback Settlement Basis in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 6 (Auction Settlement), the date that 
is the number of Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if 
the number of Business Days is not so specified, five Business Days) following 
the Auction Cancellation Date, if any, or the relevant No Auction 
Announcement Date, if any, as applicable); and 
(b) 
if "Multiple Valuation Dates" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
of the following dates: 
(i) 
subject to Credit Linked Condition 7 (Suspension Terms), the date that 
is the number of Business Days specified in the Final Terms (or, if the 
number of Business Days is not so specified, five Business Days) 
following the Credit Event Determination Date (or if the Credit Event 
Determination Date occurs pursuant to sub-paragraph (a)(ii) of the 
definition of "Credit Event Determination Date" or sub-paragraph (b)(i) 
of the definition of Non-Standard Event Determination Date, the day on 
which the DC Credit Event Announcement occurs) (or, if "Cash 
Settlement" is applicable pursuant to the Fallback Settlement Basis in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 6 (Auction Settlement), the 
date that is the number of Business Days specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, if the number of Business Days is not so specified, five 
Business Days) following the relevant Auction Cancellation Date, if 
any, or No Auction Announcement Date, if any, as applicable); and 
(ii) 
each successive date that is the number of Business Days specified in 
the Final Terms (or, if the number of Business Days is not so specified, 
five Business Days) after the date on which the Calculation Agent 
obtains a Market Value with respect to the Reference Obligation with 
respect to the immediately preceding Valuation Date. 
When "Multiple Valuation Dates" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
total number of Valuation Dates shall be equal to the number of Valuation Dates 
specified in the Final Terms (or, if the number of Valuation Dates is not so 
specified, five Valuation Dates).

--- Page 419 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 419 - 
47-41009328 
 
If neither "Single Valuation Date" nor "Multiple Valuation Dates" is specified 
in the in the applicable Final Terms, Single Valuation Date shall apply. 
"Valuation Method" means, subject to Credit Linked Condition 4(c), Market, Average 
Market, Highest or Average Highest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Valuation Time" means such time as is specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Voting Shares" means the shares or other interests that have the power to elect the 
board of directors or similar governing body of an entity. 
"Weighted Average Quotation" means, in accordance with the Quotation Method, the 
weighted average of firm quotations obtained from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation 
Time, to the extent reasonably practicable, each for an amount of any Deliverable 
Obligation with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as 
applicable, of as large a size as available but less than the Quotation Amount (but of a 
size at least equal to the Minimum Quotation Amount) that in aggregate are 
approximately equal to the Quotation Amount. 
16. 
AUTOMATIC EARLY REDEMPTION 
For the purposes of the Notes, if "Automatic Early Redemption" is specified as being 
applicable in the Final Terms, Base Condition 4 of the Base Conditions shall be 
amended by the addition of a new Base Condition 4(o) as follows: 
"(o) 
Automatic Early Redemption: 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if on any Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date or during any Observation Period the 
Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, then the Notes will be automatically 
redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the Automatic Early Redemption Date 
(specified in the applicable Final Terms) immediately following such 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or Observation Period (in the case 
of the occurrence of an Automatic Early Redemption Event during an 
Observation Period, the Automatic Early Redemption Date shall be the date that 
is five Business Days following the occurrence of such Automatic Early 
Redemption Event), and in any such case the Final Redemption Amount 
payable by the Issuer on such date upon redemption of each Note shall be an 
amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Amount.". 
17. 
SPECIFIC PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST RATE(S) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the General Terms for Credit 
Linked Notes, if the applicable Final Terms specify New Rate of Interest as applicable: 
(a) 
if no Credit Event has occurred or if Credit Events have occurred in respect of 
up to the Protected Defaulted Reference Entities (which will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms), then the Interest Rate shall be applied;  
(b) 
upon the occurrence of a Credit Event in respect of more than the Protected 
Defaulted Reference Entities (the "Relevant Defaulted Reference Entities") 
and each subsequent Relevant Defaulted Reference Entities, then the Interest

--- Page 420 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 420 - 
47-41009328 
 
Rate shall, for each Defaulted Credit, be reduced and the New Rate of Interest 
will apply. 
18. 
SPECIFIC PROVISIONS RELATING TO SETTLEMENT BASIS 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the General Terms for Credit 
Linked Notes:  
(a) 
if no Credit Event has occurred or if Credit Events have occurred in respect of 
up to the Protected Defaulted Reference Entities (which will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms), the principal amount of the Notes shall not be 
redeemed neither in whole nor in part;  
(b) 
upon the occurrence of a Credit Event in respect of the Relevant Defaulted 
Reference Entities then the Issuer shall redeem, for each Relevant Defaulted 
Reference Entity - a portion of the principal amount of the Notes equal to the 
Applicable Redemption Proportion without making any payment and/or 
delivery in favor to the Noteholders. For the avoidance of doubt, no Cash 
Settlement Amount, Deliverable Obligation or Cash Auction Settlement 
Amount as provided by General Terms for Credit Linked Notes, shall be due by 
the Issuer to the Noteholders upon the occurrence of a Credit Event.

--- Page 421 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 421 - 
47-41009328 
 
CHAPTER 7 – INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
The following terms and conditions apply to Inflation Linked Notes issued by the Issuer and 
comprise the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out in Chapter 2 (the "Base Conditions"), 
the specific terms and conditions set out below (the "Inflation Linked Conditions"), any of 
the specific terms and conditions set out in Chapters 3, 4, 5, 8, 9, 10, 11 and 12 (if applicable 
and so specified in the relevant Final Terms) and the specific terms and conditions for Physical 
Delivery Notes set out in Chapter 13 (if applicable), in each case subject to completion and/or 
amendment in the applicable Final Terms. The Final Terms shall comprise the general form of 
Final Terms set out in Part 2 of Chapter 2, completed to reflect the particular terms of the 
relevant Notes and their issue. In the event of any inconsistency between the Base Conditions 
and the Inflation Linked Conditions set out below, the Inflation Linked Conditions set out 
below shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Base Conditions and/or 
the Inflation Linked Conditions and (ii) the Final Terms, the Final Terms shall prevail. 
1. 
FINAL REDEMPTION 
Subject to any applicable automatic redemption and/or early redemption and/or put 
options and/or call options set forth in the relevant Final Terms not having occurred 
prior to the Maturity Date or any other applicable date specified in the Final Terms, for 
the purposes of Base Condition 4(b) of the Base Conditions the Final Redemption 
Amount payable per Note on the Maturity Date shall be an amount in the Relevant 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the applicable Final 
Redemption Formula specified in the Final Terms, for which purposes: 
"Final Valuation Date" means: 
(a) 
if Averaging is not specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the 
Expiration Date; or 
(b) 
if Averaging is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, each of the 
Averaging Dates. 
"Initial Valuation Date" means the Strike Date. 
"Settlement Price" means the Final Index Level. 
2. 
INTEREST 
Subject to any applicable automatic redemption and/or early redemption and/or put 
options and/or call options set forth in the relevant Final Terms not having occurred 
prior to the Maturity Date or any other applicable date specified in the Final Terms, for 
the purposes of Base Condition 3(f) of the Base Conditions the Interest Amount payable 
per Note on the relevant Interest Payment Date shall be an amount in the Relevant 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the applicable 
Structured Rate Formula specified in the Final Terms, for which purposes: 
"Final Interest Reference Level" means the Index Level reported for the Final Index 
Level Month specified in the Final Terms;

--- Page 422 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 422 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Final Interest Valuation Date" means: 
(a) 
if Averaging is not specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the Final 
Interest Valuation Date specified in the Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if Averaging is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, each of the 
Interest Averaging Dates; 
"Initial Interest Reference Level" means the Index Level reported for the Initial Index 
Level Month specified in the Final Terms. 
3. 
DEFINITIONS 
For the purposes of the terms and conditions of the Notes, the following terms shall 
have the meanings set out below: 
"Averaging Date(s)" means, if Averaging Dates is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, each of the dates specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"AUD – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI)" means the "Non-revised Index 
of Consumer Prices for Weighted Average of Eight Capital Cities: All – Groups Index 
before Seasonal Adjustment", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of 
inflation in Australia, expressed as an index and published by the relevant Index 
Sponsor. 
"AUS – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI)" means the "Non-revised 
Consumer Price Index (2005)", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of 
inflation in Austria, expressed as an index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. 
"AUS – Non-revised Harmonised Indices of Consumer Prices (HICP)" means the 
"Non-revised Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices (2005)", or relevant Successor 
Index, measuring the rate of inflation in Austria, expressed as an index and published 
by the relevant Index Sponsor. 
"Base Level" means the Index Level (excluding any "flash" estimates) published or 
announced by the Index Sponsor in respect of the month which is 12 calendar months 
prior to the Reference Month for which the Substitute Index Level is being determined. 
"BLG – Non-revised Consumer Price Index—General Index (CPI)" means the 
"Non-revised Consumer Price Index—General Index", or relevant Successor Index, 
measuring the rate of inflation in Belgium, expressed as an index and published by the 
relevant Index Sponsor. 
"BLG – Non-revised Consumer Price Index—Health Index (CPI)" means the "Non-
revised Consumer Price Index—Health Index", or relevant Successor Index, measuring 
the rate of inflation in Belgium, expressed as an index and published by the relevant 
Index Sponsor. 
"BLG – Non-revised Harmonised Consumer Price Index (HICP)" means the "Non-
revised Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices", or relevant Successor Index,

--- Page 423 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 423 - 
47-41009328 
 
measuring the rate of inflation in Belgium, expressed as an index and published by the 
relevant Index Sponsor. 
"BRL – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (IPCA)" means the "Non-revised 
Extensive National Consumer Price Index", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the 
rate of inflation in Brazil, expressed as an index and published by the relevant Index 
Sponsor. 
"BRL – Non-revised Price Index (IGP-M)" means the "IGP-M General Price Index", 
or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in Brazil, expressed as an 
index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. 
"CAD – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI)" means the "Non-revised Index 
of Consumer Prices", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in 
Canada, expressed as an index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the earlier of the Strike Date and Issue Date, 
as applicable, (or as otherwise set forth in the relevant Final Terms) (A) due to the 
adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without 
limitation, any tax law) or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the 
interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction 
of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), 
the Issuer determines that it will incur a materially increased cost in performing its 
obligations under the Notes (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax 
liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
"CLP – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI)" means the "Non-revised 
Consumer Price Index", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in 
Chile, expressed as an index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. 
"CNY – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI)" means the "Non-revised 
Consumer Price Index", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in 
China, expressed as an index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. 
"Cut-Off Date" means, in respect of a Determination Date, the number of Business 
Days specified in the relevant Final Terms prior to such Determination Date. 
"CZK – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI)" means the "Non-revised Price 
Index", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in the Czech 
Republic, expressed as an index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. 
"Delayed Index Level Event" means, in respect of any Determination Date, that the 
Index Sponsor fails to publish or announce the level of the Index (the "Relevant Level") 
in respect of any Reference Month which is to be utilised in any calculation or 
determination to be made by the Issuer in respect of such Determination Date, at any 
time prior to the Cut-Off Date. 
"DEM – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI)" means the "Non-revised All 
Items Index of Consumer Prices", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of 
inflation in Germany, expressed as an index and published by the relevant Index 
Sponsor.

--- Page 424 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 424 - 
47-41009328 
 
"DEM – Non-revised Consumer Price Index for North Rhine-Westphalia" means 
the "Non-revised Index of Consumer Prices for North Rhine-Westphalia", or relevant 
Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, 
expressed as an index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. 
"DEM – Non-revised Harmonised Consumer Price Index (HICP)" means the "Non-
revised Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices", or relevant Successor Index, 
measuring the rate of inflation in Germany, expressed as an index and published by the 
relevant Index Sponsor. 
"Determination Date" means the Strike Date, the Expiration Date, any Averaging 
Date, any Interest Averaging Date, any Observation Date, the Maturity Date or any 
other date designated in the relevant Final Terms. 
"DKK – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI)" means the "Non-revised Index 
of Consumer Prices", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in 
Denmark, expressed as an index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. 
"DKK – Harmonised-Non-revised Consumer Price Index (HICP)" means the "Non-
revised Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices", or relevant Successor Index, 
measuring the rate of inflation in Denmark, expressed as an index and published by the 
relevant Index Sponsor. 
"ESP – Harmonised-Non-revised Consumer Price Index (HICP)" means the "Non-
revised Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices including Tobacco", or relevant 
Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in Spain expressed as an index and 
published by the relevant Index Sponsor. 
"ESP – Harmonised-Revised Consumer Price Index (HICP)" means the 
"Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices including Tobacco", or relevant Successor 
Index, measuring the rate of inflation in Spain expressed as an index and published by 
the relevant Index Sponsor. 
"ESP – National-Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI)" means the "Non-
revised Index of Consumer Prices including Tobacco", or relevant Successor Index, 
measuring the rate of inflation in Spain expressed as an index and published by the 
relevant Index Sponsor. 
"ESP – National-Revised Consumer Price Index (CPI)" means the "Year on Year 
Revised Index of Consumer Prices", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of 
inflation in Spain, expressed as an annual percentage and published by the relevant 
Index Sponsor. 
"EUR – All Items-Non-revised Consumer Price Index" means the "Non-revised 
Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices All Items", or relevant Successor Index, 
measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union expressed as an index 
and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. 
"EUR – All Items-Revised Consumer Price Index" means the "Revised Harmonised 
Index of Consumer Prices All Items", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate

--- Page 425 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 425 - 
47-41009328 
 
of inflation in the European Monetary Union expressed as an index and published by 
the relevant Index Sponsor. 
"EUR – Excluding Tobacco-Non-revised Consumer Price Index" means the "Non-
revised Index of Consumer Prices excluding Tobacco", or relevant Successor Index, 
measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union excluding tobacco, 
expressed as an index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. 
"Expiration Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, subject 
to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
"Fallback Bond" means a bond selected by the Calculation Agent and issued by the 
government of the country to whose level of inflation the Index relates and which pays 
a coupon or redemption amount which is calculated by reference to the Index, with a 
maturity date which falls on (a) the same day as the Maturity Date, (b) the next longest 
maturity after the Maturity Date if there is no such bond maturing on the Maturity Date, 
or (c) the next shortest maturity before the Maturity Date if no bond defined in (a) or 
(b) is selected by the Calculation Agent. If the Index relates to the level of inflation 
across the European Monetary Union, the Calculation Agent will select an inflation-
linked bond that is a debt obligation of one of the governments (but not any government 
agency) of France, Italy, Germany or Spain and which pays a coupon or redemption 
amount which is calculated by reference to the level of inflation in the European 
Monetary Union. In each case, the Calculation Agent will select the Fallback Bond 
from those inflationlinked bonds issued on or before the Issue Date and, if there is more 
than one inflation-linked bond maturing on the same date, the Fallback Bond shall be 
selected by the Calculation Agent from those bonds. If the Fallback Bond redeems, the 
Calculation Agent will select a new Fallback Bond on the same basis, but selected from 
all eligible bonds in issue at the time the original Fallback Bond redeems (including 
any bond for which the redeemed bond is exchanged). 
"FIN – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI)" means the "Non-revised 
Consumer Price Index", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in 
Finland, expressed as an index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. 
"FIN – Harmonised-Non-revised Consumer Price Index (HICP)" means the "Non-
revised Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices", or relevant Successor Index, 
measuring the rate of inflation in Finland, expressed as an index and published by the 
relevant Index Sponsor. 
"Final Index Level" means the Index Level at the Valuation Time, as calculated and 
published by the Index Sponsor on (A) if Averaging is not specified as being applicable 
in the Final Terms, the Expiration Date or (B) if Averaging is specified as being 
applicable in the Final Terms, on an Averaging Date or Interest Averaging Date, as the 
case may be, in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Final Index Level Month" means the period specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"FRC – Excluding Tobacco-Non-Revised Consumer Price Index" means the "Non-
revised Index of Consumer Prices excluding Tobacco", or relevant Successor Index,

--- Page 426 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 426 - 
47-41009328 
 
measuring the rate of inflation in France excluding tobacco expressed as an index and 
published by the relevant Index Sponsor. 
"FRC – Harmonised-Non-revised Consumer Price Index (HICP)" means the "Non-
revised Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices", or relevant Successor Index, 
measuring the rate of inflation in France, expressed as an index and published by the 
relevant Index Sponsor. 
"GBP – Non-revised Retail Price Index (UKRPI)" means the "Non-revised Retail 
Price Index All Items in the United Kingdom", or relevant Successor Index, measuring 
the all items rate of inflation in the United Kingdom expressed as an index and 
published by the relevant Index Sponsor. 
"GBP – Harmonised-Non-revised Consumer Price Index (HICP)" means the "Non-
revised Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices", or relevant Successor Index, 
measuring the rate of inflation in the United Kingdom, expressed as an index and 
published by the relevant Index Sponsor. 
"GBP – Non-revised Retail Price Index Excluding Mortgage Interest Payments 
(UKRPIX)" means the "Non-revised Retail Price Index Excluding Mortgage Interest 
Payments in the United Kingdom", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the all items 
rate of inflation in the United Kingdom expressed as an index and published by the 
relevant Index Sponsor. 
"GRD – Harmonised-Non-revised Consumer Price Index (HICP)" means the "Non-
revised Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices", or relevant Successor Index, 
measuring the rate of inflation in Greece expressed as an index and published by the 
relevant Index Sponsor. 
"GRD – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI)" means the "Non-revised Index 
of Consumer Prices", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in 
Greece expressed as an index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. 
"HKD – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI)" means the "Non-revised 
Consumer Price Index", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in 
Hong Kong, expressed as an index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. 
"HUF – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI)" means the "Non-revised 
Consumer Price Index", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in 
Hungary, expressed as an index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. 
"IDR – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI)" means the "Non-revised 
Consumer Price Index", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in 
Indonesia, expressed as an index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. 
"ILS – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI)" means the "Consumer Price 
Index-General", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in Israel, 
expressed as an index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. 
"Index" means the index specified in the relevant Final Terms, or any Successor Index.

--- Page 427 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 427 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Index Cancellation" means a level for the Index has not been published or announced 
for the number of consecutive months specified in the Final Terms and/or the Index 
Sponsor cancels the Index and/or the Index Sponsor announces that it will no longer 
continue to publish or announce the Index and no Successor Index exists. 
"Index Level" means the level of the Index or any Substitute Index Level, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Index Modification" means the Index Sponsor announces that it will make (in the 
opinion of the Issuer) a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating 
the Index or in any other way materially modifies the Index. 
"Index Sponsor" means either (x) the index sponsor specified in the Final Terms or 
such other corporation or entity as determined by the Calculation Agent that (a) is 
responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of 
calculation and adjustments, if any, related to the Index and (b) announces (directly or 
through an agent) the level of the Index failing whom such person acceptable to the 
Calculation Agent who calculates and announces the Index or any agent or person 
acting on behalf of such person or (y) if no such index sponsor is specified in the Final 
Terms, then the corporation or entity as determined by the Calculation Agent that (a) is 
responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of 
calculation and adjustments, if any, related to the Index and (b) announces (directly or 
through an agent) the level of the Index failing whom such person acceptable to the 
Calculation Agent who calculates and announces the Index or any agent or person 
acting on behalf of such person. 
"Initial Index Level Month" means the period specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"Interest Averaging Date(s)" means, if Interest Averaging Dates is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, each of the dates specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"IRL – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI)" means the "Consumer Price 
Index-All Items", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in Ireland, 
expressed as an index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. 
"IRL – Harmonised-Non-revised Consumer Price Index (HICP)" means the "Non-
revised Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices—All Items", or relevant Successor 
Index, measuring the rate of inflation in Ireland, expressed as an index and published 
by the relevant Index Sponsor. 
"ISK – Harmonised Consumer Price Index (HICP)" means the "Non-revised 
Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the 
rate of inflation in Iceland, expressed as an index and published by the relevant Index 
Sponsor. 
"ISK – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI)" means the "Non-revised 
Consumer Price Index", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in 
Iceland, expressed as an index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor.

--- Page 428 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 428 - 
47-41009328 
 
"ITL – Inflation for Blue Collar Workers and Employees-Excluding Tobacco 
Consumer Price Index" means the "Indice dei prezzi al consumo per famiglie di operai 
e impiegati (FOI) senza tabacchi", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of 
inflation in Italy expressed as an index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. 
"ITL – Inflation for Blue Collar Workers and Employees-Including Tobacco 
Consumer Price Index" means the "Indice dei prezzi al consumo per famiglie di operai 
e impiegati (FOI) con tabacchi", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of 
inflation in Italy expressed as an index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. 
"ITL – Non-revised Harmonised Consumer Price Index (HICP)" means the "Non-
revised Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices", or relevant Successor Index, 
measuring the rate of inflation in Italy, expressed as an index and published by the 
relevant Index Sponsor. 
"ITL – Whole Community – Excluding Tobacco Consumer Price Index" means the 
"Indice nazionale dei prezzi al consumo per l'intera collettività (NIC) senza tabacchi" 
or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in Italy expressed as an 
index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. 
"ITL – Whole Community – Including Tobacco Consumer Price Index" means the 
"Indice nazionale dei prezzi al consumo per l'intera collettività (NIC) con tabacchi", or 
relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in Italy expressed as an index 
and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. 
"JPY – Non-revised Consumer Price Index Nationwide General Excluding Fresh 
Food (CPI)" means the "Non-revised Consumer Price Index Nationwide General 
Excluding Fresh Food", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation 
excluding fresh food in Japan, expressed as an index and published by the relevant 
Index Sponsor. 
"KRW – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI)" means the "Non-revised 
Consumer Price Index", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in 
South Korea, expressed as an index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. 
"Latest Level" means the latest Index Level (excluding any "flash" estimates) 
published or announced by the Index Sponsor prior to the Reference Month in respect 
of which the Substitute Index Level is being determined. 
"LUX – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI)" means the "Non-revised 
Consumer Price Index", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in 
Luxembourg, expressed as an index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. 
"LUX – Harmonised-Non-revised Consumer Price Index (HICP)" means the "Non-
revised Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices", or relevant Successor Index, 
measuring the rate of inflation in Luxembourg, expressed as an index and published by 
the relevant Index Sponsor. 
"MXN – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI)" means the "Non-revised 
Consumer Price Index", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in 
Mexico, expressed as an index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor.

--- Page 429 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 429 - 
47-41009328 
 
"MXN – Unidad de Inversion Index (UDI)" means the "Unidad de Inversion Index", 
or relevant Successor Index, reporting the daily peso value of an Unidad de Inversion 
(an "UDI"), expressed as an index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. 
"MYR – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI)" means the "Non-revised 
Consumer Price Index", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in 
Malaysia, expressed as an index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. 
"NLG – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI)" means the "Non-revised 
Consumer PriceIndex", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in 
the Netherlands, expressed as an index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. 
"NLG – Harmonised-Non-revised Consumer Price Index (HICP)" means the "Non-
revised Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices", or relevant Successor Index, 
measuring the rate of inflation in the Netherlands, expressed as an index and published 
by the relevant Index Sponsor. 
"NOK – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI)" means the "Non-revised 
Consumer Price Index—All Items", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of 
inflation in Norway, expressed as an index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. 
"NZD – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI)" means the "Non-revised 
Consumer Price Index", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in 
New Zealand, expressed as an index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. 
"Observation Date" means, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, each 
date, if any, set forth in the relevant Final Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Observation Period" means the period specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"PER – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI)" means the "Non-revised 
Consumer Price Index", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in 
Peru, expressed as an index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. 
"PLN – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI)" means the "Non-revised Price 
Indices of Consumer Goods and Services", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the 
rate of inflation in Poland, expressed as an index and published by the relevant Index 
Sponsor. 
"POR – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI)" means the "Non-revised 
Consumer Price Index", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in 
Portugal, expressed as an index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. 
"POR – Harmonised-Non-revised Consumer Price Index (HICP)" means the "Non-
revised Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices", or relevant Successor Index, 
measuring the rate of inflation in Portugal, expressed as an index and published by the 
relevant Index Sponsor. 
"Rebased Index" has the meaning given to it in Base Condition 4(l)(v) of the Base 
Conditions.

--- Page 430 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 430 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Reference Level" means the Index Level (excluding any "flash" estimates) published 
or announced by the Index Sponsor in respect of the Reference Month that is 12 
calendar months prior to the Reference Month in respect of the Latest Level. 
"Reference Month" means the calendar month for which the level of the Index was 
reported, regardless of when this information is published or announced. If the period 
for which the Index Level was reported is a period other than a month, the Reference 
Month shall be the period for which the Index Level was reported. 
"Related Bond" means, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, means 
the bond specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms and no bond is specified therein, the Fallback Bond. 
"Related Bond Redemption Event" means, if specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, at any time prior to the Maturity Date, (i) the Related Bond is redeemed, 
repurchased or cancelled, (ii) the Related Bond becomes repayable prior to its stated 
date of maturity for whatever reason, or (iii) the issuer of the Related Bond announces 
that the Related Bond will be redeemed, repurchased or cancelled prior to its stated date 
of maturity. 
"Relevant Level" has the meaning given to it in the definition of Delayed Index Level 
Event. 
"RUB – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI)" means the "Non-revised 
Consumer Price Index", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in 
Russia, expressed as an index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. 
"SEK – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI)" means the "Non-revised Index of 
Consumer Prices", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in 
Sweden, expressed as an index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. 
"SGD – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI)" means the "Non-revised 
Consumer Price Index", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in 
Singapore, expressed as an index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. 
"Strike Date" means the date (if any) specified as such in the Final Terms, subject to 
Base Condition 4(i) of the Base Conditions. 
"Substitute Index Level" means, in respect of a Delayed Index Level Event, the index 
level determined by the Issuer in accordance with Base Condition 4(i) of the Base 
Conditions. 
"Successor Index" has the meaning given to it in Base Condition 4(i) of the Base 
Conditions. 
"SWF – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI)" means the "Non-revised 
Consumer Price Index", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in 
Switzerland, expressed as an index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. 
"TRY – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI)" means the "Non-revised 
Consumer Price Index", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in 
Turkey, expressed as an index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor.

--- Page 431 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 431 - 
47-41009328 
 
"TWD – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI)" means the "Non-revised 
Consumer Price Index", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in 
Taiwan, expressed as an index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. 
"USA – Non-revised Consumer Price Index – Urban (CPI-U)" means the "Non-
revised index of Consumer Prices for All Urban Consumers (CPI-U) before seasonal 
adjustment", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in the United 
States expressed as an index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. 
"ZAR – Non-revised Consumer Price Index (CPI)" means the "Non-revised Index 
of Consumer Prices", or relevant Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation in 
South Africa, expressed as an index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. 
"ZAR – Non-revised Consumer Price Index Excluding Mortgages (CPIX)" means 
the "Non-revised Index of Consumer Prices excluding Mortgage", or relevant 
Successor Index, measuring the rate of inflation excluding mortgages in South Africa, 
expressed as an index and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. 
Any other Index used to measure the inflation shall be defined in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
4. 
DELAY IN PUBLICATION 
For the purposes of the Notes, Base Condition 4 of the Base Conditions shall be 
amended by the addition of a new Base Condition 4(i) as follows: 
"(i) 
Delay in Publication 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Delayed Index Level Event has 
occurred with respect to any Determination Date, then the Index Level with 
respect to any Reference Month which is to be utilised in any calculation or 
determination to be made by the Calculation Agent and/or the Issuer with 
respect to such Determination Date (the "Substitute Index Level") shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent (subject to Base Condition 4(k)(ii) of the 
Base Conditions) as follows: 
(i) 
if Related Bond is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the Substitute Index Level by 
reference to the corresponding index level determined under the terms 
and conditions of the Related Bond; or 
(ii) 
if (I) Related Bond is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, or (II) the Calculation Agent is not able to determine a Substitute 
Index Level under (i) above, the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Substitute Index Level by reference to the following formula: 
Substitute Index Level = Base Level x (Latest Level/Reference Level). 
The Issuer shall promptly give notice to the holders of the Notes in accordance 
with Base Condition 12 of the Base Conditions of any Substitute Index Level.".

--- Page 432 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 432 - 
47-41009328 
 
5. 
SUCCESSOR INDEX 
For the purposes of the Notes, Base Condition 4 of the Base Conditions shall be 
amended by the addition of a new Base Condition 4(j) as follows: 
"(j) 
Successor Index 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the level of an Index is not calculated 
and announced by the Index Sponsor for two consecutive months and/or the 
Index Sponsor announces that it will no longer continue to publish or announce 
the Index and/or the Index Sponsor cancels the Index then the Calculation Agent 
shall determine a successor index (a "Successor Index") (in lieu of any 
previously applicable Index) for the purposes of the Notes as follows: 
(i) 
if the Index Sponsor announces that it will no longer publish or 
announce the Index but that it will be superseded by a replacement Index 
specified by the Index Sponsor, and the Calculation Agent determines 
that such replacement Index is calculated using the same or a 
substantially similar formula or method of calculation as used in the 
calculation of the Index, such replacement index shall be designated a 
"Successor Index"; 
(ii) 
if (i) above does not apply and if Related Bond is specified as applicable 
in the Final Terms, the successor index (if any) designated pursuant to 
the terms and conditions of the Related Bond and such successor index 
shall be designated a "Successor Index"; or 
(iii) 
if (i) above does apply and if Related Bond is specified as not applicable 
in the Final Terms or a Related Bond Redemption Event has occurred, 
the Calculation Agent shall determine an appropriate alternative index 
and such index will be deemed a "Successor Index"; or 
(iv) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that neither (i), (ii) nor (iii) above 
apply, there will be deemed to be no Successor Index and an Index 
Cancellation will be deemed to have occurred. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Calculation Agent shall determine the date on 
which the Successor Index shall be deemed to replace the Index for the purposes 
of the Notes. Notice of the determination of a Successor Index, the effective 
date of the Successor Index or the occurrence of an Index Cancellation will be 
given to holders of the Notes by the Issuer in accordance with Base Condition 
12 of the Base Conditions.". 
6. 
ADJUSTMENTS 
For the purposes of the Notes, Base Condition 4 of the Base Conditions shall be 
amended by the addition of a new Base Condition 4(o) as follows: 
"(o) 
Adjustments and Currency

--- Page 433 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 433 - 
47-41009328 
 
(i) 
Successor Index 
If a Successor Index is determined in accordance with Base Condition 
4(i) of the Base Conditions, the Issuer may make any adjustment or 
adjustments (without limitation) to the final Redemption Amount, 
interest payable under the Notes (if any) and/or any other relevant term 
of the Notes as the Calculation Agent deems necessary. The Issuer shall 
give notice to the holders of the Notes of any such adjustment in 
accordance with Base Condition 12 of the Base Conditions. 
(ii) 
Substitute Index Level 
If the Calculation Agent determines a Substitute Index Level in 
accordance with Base Condition 4(j) of the Base Conditions, the Issuer 
may make any adjustment or adjustments (without limitation) to (I) the 
Substitute Index Level determined in accordance with Base Condition 
4(i) of the Base Conditions and/or (II) the Final Redemption Amount, 
interest payable under the Notes (if any) and/or any other relevant term 
of the Notes, in each case, as the Calculation Agent deems necessary. 
The Issuer shall give notice to the holders of the Notes of any such 
adjustment in accordance with Base Condition 12 of the Base 
Conditions. 
(iii) 
Index Level Adjustment Correction 
(I) 
The first publication or announcement of the Index Level 
(disregarding estimates) by the Index Sponsor for any Reference 
Month shall be final and conclusive and, subject to Base 
Condition 4(k)(iii)(II) of the Base Conditions, later revisions to 
the level for such Reference Month will not be used in any 
calculations, save that in respect of the EUR-All Items-Revised 
Consumer Price Index, the ESP-National- Revised Consumer 
Price Index (CPI) and the ESP-Harmonised-Revised Consumer 
Price Index HCPI, revisions to the Index Level which are 
published or announced up to and including the day that is two 
Business Days prior to any relevant Determination Date will be 
valid and the revised Index Level for the relevant Reference 
Month will be deemed to be the final and conclusive Index Level 
for such Reference Month. The Issuer shall give notice to the 
holders of the Notes of any valid revision in accordance with 
Base Condition 12 of the Base Conditions. 
(II) 
If, within thirty days of publication or at any time prior to a 
Determination Date in respect of which an Index Level will be 
used in any calculation or determination in respect of such 
Determination Date, the Calculation Agent determines that the 
Index Sponsor has corrected the Index Level to correct an error 
which the Calculation Agent determines is material, the Issuer 
may make any adjustment to the Final Redemption Amount, 
interest payable under the Notes (if any) and/or any other

--- Page 434 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 434 - 
47-41009328 
 
relevant term of the Notes as the Calculation Agent deems 
appropriate as a result of such correction and/or determine the 
amount (if any) that is payable as a result of that correction. The 
Issuer shall give notice to the holders of the Notes of any such 
adjustment and/or amount in accordance with Base Condition 12 
of the Base Conditions. 
(III) 
If a Relevant Level is published or announced at any time after 
the Cut-Off Date in respect of a Determination Date in respect 
of which a Substitute Index Level was determined, the 
Calculation Agent may either (A) determine that such Relevant 
Level shall not be used in any calculation or determination under 
the Notes and that the Substitute Index Level shall be deemed to 
be the definitive Index Level for the relevant Reference Month, 
or (B) request the Issuer to make any adjustment to the Final 
Redemption Amount, interest payable under the Notes (if any) 
and/or any other relevant term of the Notes as it deems 
appropriate as a result of the announcement or publication of the 
Relevant Level and/or determine the amount (if any) that is 
payable as a result of such publication or announcement. The 
Issuer shall give notice to the holders of the Notes of any 
determination in respect of (A) or (B), together with any 
adjustment or amount in respect thereof, in accordance with Base 
Condition 12 of the Base Conditions. 
(iv) 
Currency 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any event occurs affecting the 
Relevant Currency (whether relating to its convertibility into other 
currencies or otherwise) which the Calculation Agent determines 
necessitates an adjustment or adjustments to the Final Redemption 
Amount, Strike Price and/or any other relevant term of the Notes 
(including the date on which any amount is payable by the Issuer), the 
Issuer may make such adjustment or adjustments to the Final 
Redemption Amount, Strike Price and/or any other relevant term of the 
Notes as the Calculation Agent deems necessary. 
The Issuer shall give notice to the holders of the Notes of any such 
adjustment in accordance with Base Condition 12 of the Base 
Conditions. 
(v) 
Rebasing 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Index has been or will be 
rebased at any time, the Index as so rebased (the "Rebased Index") will 
be used for purposes of determining the Index Level from the date of 
such rebasing; provided, however, that the Issuer may make (A) if 
Related Bond is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, any 
adjustments as are made pursuant to the terms and conditions of the 
Related Bond, if any, to the past levels of the Rebased Index so that the 
Rebased Index levels prior to the date of rebasing reflect the same rate

--- Page 435 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 435 - 
47-41009328 
 
of inflation as before the rebasing, and/or (B) if Related Bond is 
specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms or a Related Bond 
Redemption Event has occurred, the Calculation Agent may make such 
adjustments to the levels of the Rebased Index so that the Rebased Index 
levels reflect the same rate of inflation as the Index before it was 
rebased, and in each case the Issuer may make any adjustment(s) to the 
Final Redemption Amount, interest payable under the Notes (if any) 
and/or any other term of the Notes as the Calculation Agent may deem 
necessary. If the Calculation Agent determines that neither (A) nor (B) 
above would produce a commercially reasonable result, the Issuer may 
redeem each Note on a date notified by the Issuer to Noteholders in 
accordance with Base Condition 12 of the Base Conditions at its fair 
market value as determined by the Calculation Agent (unless otherwise 
provided in the relevant Final Terms) as at the date of redemption taking 
into account the rebasing, less, unless specified otherwise in the Final 
Terms, the cost to the Issuer of amending or liquidating any financial 
instruments or transactions entered into by the Issuer in connection with 
the Note, together with any costs, expenses, fees or taxes incurred by the 
Issuer in respect of any such financial instruments or transactions. 
Notice of any adjustment, redemption of the Notes or determination 
pursuant to this paragraph shall be given to Noteholders in accordance 
with Base Condition 12 of the Base Conditions. 
(vi) 
Index Modification 
(I) 
If, on or prior to the Cut-Off Date in respect of any 
Determination Date, the Calculation Agent determines that an 
Index Modification has occurred the Issuer may (A) if Related 
Bond is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, make 
any adjustments to the Index, any Index Level and/or any other 
relevant term of the Notes (including, without limitation, the 
Final Redemption Amount and/or interest payable under the 
Notes (if any)), consistent with any adjustments made to the 
Related Bond as the Calculation Agent deems necessary, or (B) 
if Related Bond is specified as not applicable in the Final Terms 
or a Related Bond Redemption Event has occurred, make only 
those adjustments to the Index, any Index Level and/or any other 
term of the Notes (including, without limitation, the Final 
Redemption Amount and/or interest payable under the Notes (if 
any)), as the Calculation Agent deems necessary for the modified 
Index to continue as the Index and to account for the economic 
effect of the Index Modification. 
(II) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Index Modification 
has occurred at any time after the Cut-Off Date in respect of any 
Determination Date, the Issuer may determine either to ignore 
such Index Modification for the purposes of any calculation or 
determination made by the Calculation Agent with respect to 
such Determination Date, in which case the relevant

--- Page 436 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 436 - 
47-41009328 
 
Index Modification will be deemed to have occurred with respect to the 
immediately succeeding Determination Date such that the provisions of 
(I) above will apply, or, notwithstanding that the Index Modification has 
occurred following the Cut-Off Date, to make any adjustments as the 
Calculation Agent deems fit in accordance with (I) above. 
(vii) 
Change in Law 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Change in Law has occurred, 
the Issuer may redeem each Note on the date notified by the Issuer to 
Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 12 of the Base 
Conditions at its fair market value (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) as at the date of redemption taking into account the Change in 
Law, less, unless specified otherwise in the Final Terms, the cost to the 
Issuer of amending or liquidating any financial instruments or 
transactions entered into by the Issuer in connection with the Note, 
together with any costs, expenses, fees or taxes incurred by the Issuer in 
respect of any such financial instruments or transactions. Notice of any 
redemption of the Notes shall be given to Noteholders in accordance 
with Base Condition 12 of the Base Conditions. 
(viii) Index Cancellation 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Index Cancellation has 
occurred, the Issuer may redeem each Note on the date notified by the 
Issuer to Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 12 of the Base 
Conditions at its fair market value (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) as at the date of redemption taking into account the Index 
Cancellation, less, unless specified otherwise in the Final Terms, the 
cost to the Issuer of amending or liquidating any financial instruments 
or transactions entered into by the Issuer in connection with the Note, 
together with any costs, expenses, fees or taxes incurred by the Issuer in 
respect of any such financial instruments or transactions. Notice of any 
redemption of the Notes pursuant to this paragraph shall be given to 
Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 12 of the Base 
Conditions." 
7. 
INDEX DISCLAIMER 
The Notes are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by the Index or the Index 
Sponsor and the Index Sponsor has made no representation whatsoever, whether 
express or implied, either as to the results to be obtained from the use of the Index 
and/or the levels at which the Index stands at any particular time on any particular date 
or otherwise. The Index Sponsor shall not be liable (whether in negligence or otherwise) 
to any person for any error in the Index and the Index Sponsor is under no obligation to 
advise any person of any error therein. The Index Sponsor has made no representation 
whatsoever, whether express or implied, as to the advisability of purchasing or 
assuming any risk in connection with the Notes. Neither the Issuer nor the Calculation 
Agent shall have any liability to any person for any act or failure to act by the Index 
Sponsor in connection with the calculation, adjustment or maintenance of the Index.

--- Page 437 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 437 - 
47-41009328 
 
Neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent has any affiliation with or control over the 
Index or the Index Sponsor or any control over the computation, composition or 
dissemination of the Index. Although the Issuer and the Calculation Agent will obtain 
information concerning the Index from publicly available sources they believe to be 
reliable, they will not independently verify this information. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking (express or implied) is made and no 
responsibility is accepted by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent as to the accuracy, 
completeness and timeliness of information concerning the Index. 
8. 
RELATED BOND DISCLAIMER 
The Notes are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by the issuer of the Related 
Bond and the issuer of the Related Bond has made no representation whatsoever, 
whether express or implied, as to the performance of the Related Bond and/or any 
amendments, adjustments or modifications to the terms and conditions of the Related 
Bond, and/or as to the results to be obtained from the use of any value or index level 
determined or derived with respect to the Related Bond or otherwise. The issuer of the 
Related Bond shall not be liable (whether in negligence or otherwise) to any person for 
any error in the index level or any value determined or derived with respect to the 
Related Bond and such issuer is under no obligation to advise any person of any error 
with respect thereto. The issuer of the Related Bond has made no representation 
whatsoever, whether express or implied, as to the advisability of purchasing or 
assuming any risk in connection with the Notes. Neither the issuer of the Related Bond 
nor any calculation agent in respect thereof shall have any liability to any person for 
any act or failure to act in connection with the Related Bond.

--- Page 438 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 438 - 
47-41009328 
 
CHAPTER 8 – COMMODITY LINKED NOTES 
PART (A): TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF NOTES LINKED TO A SINGLE 
COMMODITY OR COMMODITY FUTURE 
The following terms and conditions apply to Notes linked to a single commodity or commodity 
future issued by the Issuer and comprise the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out in 
Chapter 2 (the "Base Conditions"), the specific terms and conditions set out below (the "Single 
Commodity Linked Conditions"), any of the specific terms and conditions set out in Chapters 
3, 4, 5, 7, 9, 10, 11 and 12 (if applicable and so specified in the relevant Final Terms) and the 
specific terms and conditions for Physical Delivery Notes set out in Chapter 13 (if applicable), 
in each case subject to completion and/or amendment in the applicable Final Terms. The Final 
Terms shall comprise the general form of Final Terms set out in Part 2 of Chapter 2, completed 
to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. In the event of any 
inconsistency between the Base Conditions and the Single Commodity Linked Conditions, the 
Single Commodity Linked Conditions set out below shall prevail. In the event of any 
inconsistency between (i) the Base Conditions and/or the Single Commodity Linked 
Conditions and (ii) the Final Terms, the Final Terms shall prevail. 
1. 
FINAL REDEMPTION 
Subject to any applicable automatic redemption and/or early redemption and/or put 
options and/or call options set forth in the Final Terms not having occurred prior to any 
applicable date specified therein, for the purposes of Base Condition 4(b) of the Base 
Conditions the Final Redemption Amount payable per Note on the Maturity Date shall 
be an amount payable per Note in the Relevant Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the applicable Final Redemption Formula specified in the 
Final Terms, for which purposes: 
"Final Valuation Date" means 
(A) 
if Averaging is not specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the Pricing 
Date; or 
(B) 
if Averaging is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, each of the 
Averaging Dates; 
"Initial Valuation Date" means the Strike Date. 
"Settlement Price" means the Commodity Reference Price. 
2. 
INTEREST 
Subject to any applicable automatic redemption and/or early redemption and/or put 
options and/or call options set forth in the relevant Final Terms not having occurred 
prior to the Maturity Date or any other applicable date specified in the Final Terms, for 
the purposes of Base Condition 3(f) of the Base Conditions the Interest Amount payable 
per Note on the relevant Interest Payment Date shall be an amount in the Relevant 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the applicable 
Structured Rate Formula specified in the Final Terms, for which purposes:

--- Page 439 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 439 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Final Interest Valuation Date" means: 
(A) 
if Averaging is not specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the Pricing 
Date; or 
(B) 
if Averaging is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, each of the 
Interest Averaging Dates; 
"Interest Settlement Price" means the Commodity Reference Price. 
3. 
DEFINITIONS 
For the purposes of the terms and conditions of the Notes, the following terms shall 
have the meanings set out below: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means a Change in Law, a Hedging Disruption and/or 
such other event (if any) specified in the Final Terms. 
"Affected Commodity" has the meaning given to it in Base Condition 4(i) of the Base 
Conditions. 
"Aluminium" means high-grade primary aluminium. 
"Aluminium – COMEX" means that the price for a Calculation Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per pound of Aluminium on the COMEX of the Futures Contract for 
the applicable Delivery Date, stated in U.S. cents, as made public by the COMEX on 
that Calculation Date. 
"Aluminium-LME Cash" means that the price for a Calculation Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per tonne of Aluminium on the LME for the applicable Delivery Date, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, as determined by the LME and displayed on Reuters Screen page 
"MTLE" that displays prices effective on that Calculation Date. 
"Argus" means the Argus Crude Report, or any successor publication, published by 
Argus Media Limited or its successor. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means, if "Automatic Early Redemption" is 
specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, (a) an amount specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount is specified, (b) an amount per Specified 
Denomination equal to the product of (i) the Specified Denomination and (ii) the 
relevant Automatic Early Redemption Rate. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date(s)" means, if "Automatic Early Redemption" is 
specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, each of the date(s) specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms, subject in each case to adjustment in accordance with 
Base Condition 4(i) of the Base Conditions. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" means, if "Automatic Early Redemption" is 
specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, each event specified as such in the 
Final Terms.

--- Page 440 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 440 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date(s)" means, if "Automatic Early 
Redemption" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, each of the date(s) 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if any such Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date is not a Commodity Business Day or a Bullion Business 
Day in respect of the Specified Commodity, as applicable, the next following 
Commodity Business Day or a Bullion Business Day, as applicable, in respect of the 
Specified Commodity, in each case subject to adjustment in accordance with Base 
Condition 4(i) of the Base Conditions. 
"Averaging Dates" means each of the dates set forth in the Final Terms, if any, or if 
any such date is not a Commodity Business Day or Bullion Business Day, as applicable, 
in respect of the Specified Commodity the next following Commodity Business Day or 
Bullion Business Day, as applicable, in respect of the Specified Commodity, in each 
case subject to Base Condition 4(i) of the Base Conditions. 
"Bullion" means Gold, Silver, Platinum or Palladium, as the case may be. 
"Bullion Business Day" means, in respect of any Commodity Linked Notes for which 
the Specified Commodity is Bullion, any day on which commercial banks are open for 
business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London and New York and in the location where payment is to be made. 
"Bullion Reference Dealers" means, with respect to any Bullion for which the relevant 
Commodity Reference Price is "Commodity Reference Dealers", the four major dealers 
that are the members of the LBMA specified in the Final Terms, or if no such Bullion 
Reference Dealers are specified, as selected by the Calculation Agent, in each case, 
acting through their principal London offices. 
"Calculation Agent Determination" means that the Calculation Agent will determine 
the Commodity Reference Price (or a method for determining the Commodity 
Reference Price), taking into consideration the latest available quotation for the relevant 
Commodity Reference Price and any other information that in good faith it deems 
relevant. 
"Calculation Date" means the Strike Date, the Pricing Date, any Averaging Date, any 
Final Interest Valuation Date, any Interest Averaging Date, any Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, any Observation Date, any Structured Barrier Observation 
Date, any Interest Barrier Observation Date or any Redemption Barrier Observation 
Date or any other date on which the Commodity Reference Price is required to be 
calculated, as the case may be. 
"Change in Law" means that on or after the Issue Date (or as otherwise set forth in the 
Final Terms) (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law, regulation, 
rule, order, ruling or procedure (including, without limitation, any tax law and any 
regulation, rule, order, ruling or procedure of any applicable regulatory authority, tax 
authority and/or any exchange) or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the 
interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction 
(including, without limitation, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission or any 
relevant exchange or trading facility) of any applicable law or regulation (including any 
action taken by a taxing authority), the Issuer determines that:

--- Page 441 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 441 - 
47-41009328 
 
(X) 
it has (or it expects that it will) become illegal for the Issuer, the Guarantor or 
any of its affiliates, to (i) to hold, acquire or dispose of the Commodity or to 
enter into transactions on or relating to the Commodity (including without 
limitation, futures contracts) or (ii) perform its obligations under the Notes; or 
(Y) 
the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of its affiliates would (or would expect to) incur 
a materially increased cost in (i) holding, acquiring or disposing of the 
Commodity, (ii) maintaining, entering into or unwinding any Hedging 
Arrangement, and/or (iii) performing its obligations under the Notes (including, 
without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or 
other adverse effect on its tax position). 
"COMEX" means the COMEX Divisions, or its successor, of the New York Mercantile 
Exchange, Inc., or its successor. 
"Commodity" means the commodity specified in the relevant Commodity Reference 
Price, or otherwise the Specified Commodity. 
"Commodity Business Day" means (a) in respect of the Specified Commodity 
(provided the Specified Commodity is not Bullion) if the Commodity Reference Price 
is a price announced or published by an Exchange, a day that is (or, but for the 
occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, would have been) a day on which that 
Exchange is open for trading during its regular trading session, notwithstanding any 
such Exchange closing prior to its scheduled closing time; and (b) in respect of the 
Specified Commodity (provided the Specified Commodity is not Bullion) if the 
Commodity Reference Price is not a price announced or published by an Exchange, a 
day in respect of which the relevant Price Source published (or, but for the occurrence 
of a Market Disruption Event, would have published) a price. 
"Commodity Reference Dealers" means that the price for a Calculation Date will be 
determined on the basis of quotations provided by Reference Dealers or Bullion 
Reference Dealers, as applicable, on that Calculation Date of that day's Specified Price 
for a unit of the relevant Commodity for delivery on the Delivery Date, if applicable. If 
four quotations are provided as requested, the price for that Calculation Date will be 
the arithmetic mean of the Specified Prices for that Commodity provided by each 
Reference Dealer or Bullion Reference Dealer, as applicable, without regard to the 
Specified Prices having the highest and lowest values. If exactly three quotations are 
provided as requested, the price for that Calculation Date will be the Specified Price 
provided by the relevant Reference Dealer or Bullion Reference Dealer that remains 
after disregarding the Specified Prices having the highest and lowest values. 
For this purpose, if more than one quotation has the same highest value and lowest 
value, then the Specified Price of one of such quotations shall be disregarded. If fewer 
than three quotations are provided, it will be deemed that the price for the Calculation 
Date cannot be determined. 
"Commodity Reference Price" means the reference price or spot price for the 
Specified Commodity specified in the Final Terms. 
"Copper" means copper-grade A.

--- Page 442 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 442 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Copper-COMEX" means that the price for a Calculation Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per pound of high grade copper on the COMEX of the Futures Contract 
for the applicable Delivery Date, stated in U.S. cents, as made public by COMEX on 
that Calculation Date. 
"Copper-LME Cash" means that the price for a Calculation Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per tonne of Copper on the LME for the applicable Delivery Date, stated 
in U.S. Dollars, as determined by the LME and displayed on Reuters Screen page 
"MTLE" that displays prices effective on that Calculation Date. 
"Delayed Publication or Announcement" means, in respect of the Affected 
Commodity, that the Relevant Commodity Price for the relevant Calculation Date will 
be determined based on the Specified Price in respect of the original day scheduled as 
such Calculation Date that is published or announced by the relevant Price Source 
retrospectively on the first succeeding Commodity Business Day or Bullion Business 
Day, as applicable, on which the relevant Market Disruption Event ceases to exist, 
unless that Market Disruption Event continues to exist (measured from and including 
the original day that would otherwise have been the Calculation Date) or the Relevant 
Commodity Price continues to be unavailable for two consecutive Commodity Business 
Days or Bullion Business Days, as applicable. In that case, the next Disruption Fallback 
specified in the Final Terms will apply. If, as a result of a delay pursuant to Delayed 
Publication or Announcement, a Relevant Commodity Price is unavailable to determine 
the Final Redemption Amount by the date falling two Business Days prior to the 
Scheduled Maturity Date, then the Maturity Date will be delayed by the same number 
of Commodity Business Days or Bullion Business Days, as the case may be, as was the 
determination of each Relevant Commodity Price provided that the Maturity Date shall 
not be any earlier than the second Business Day after the date that the Relevant 
Commodity Price of the Affected Commodity is determined in accordance with the 
provisions of hereof. 
"Delivery Date" means, in respect of a Commodity Reference Price, the Nearby Month 
of expiration of the relevant Futures Contract or the relevant date or month for delivery 
of the underlying (which must be a date or month reported or capable of being 
determined from information reported in or by the relevant Price Source) as follows: 
(A) 
if a date is, or a month and year are, specified in the Final Terms, that date or 
that month and year; 
(B) 
if a Nearby Month is specified in the Final Terms, the month of expiration of 
the relevant Futures Contract; and 
(C) 
if a method is specified for the purpose of determining the Delivery Date, the 
date or the month and year determined pursuant to that method, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Disappearance of Commodity Reference Price" means, in respect of a Relevant 
Commodity Price, (A) the permanent discontinuation of trading in the Futures Contract 
on the relevant Exchange; (B) the disappearance of, or of trading in, the Specified 
Commodity; or (C) the disappearance or permanent discontinuance or unavailability of 
the relevant Commodity Reference Price, notwithstanding the availability of the related

--- Page 443 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 443 - 
47-41009328 
 
Price Source or the status of trading in the relevant Futures Contract or Specified 
Commodity. 
"Disruption Fallback" means, any of Fallback Reference Dealers, Fallback Reference 
Price, Postponement, Calculation Agent Determination and Delayed Publication or 
Announcement, specified to be applicable in the Final Terms and in the order specified 
in the Final Terms. 
"Exchange" means, in respect of the Specified Commodity, the exchange or principal 
trading market specified in the definition of Commodity Reference Price. 
"Fallback Reference Dealers" means that the Relevant Commodity Price, in respect 
of an Affected Commodity, will be determined in accordance with the Commodity 
Reference Price, "Commodity- Reference Dealers". 
"Fallback Reference Price" means that the Calculation Agent will determine the 
Relevant Commodity Price, in respect of an Affected Commodity, based on the price 
for the relevant Calculation Date of the first alternate Commodity Reference Price, if 
any, specified in the Final Terms and not subject to a Market Disruption Event. 
"Futures Contract" means, in respect of any Commodity Reference Price, the contract 
for future delivery of a contract size in respect of the relevant Delivery Date relating to 
the Commodity referred to in that Commodity Reference Price (if any). 
"Gold" means gold bars or unallocated gold complying with the rules of the LBMA 
relating to good delivery and fineness from time to time in effect. 
"Gold-A.M. Fix" means that the price for a Calculation Date will be that day's morning 
Gold fixing price per troy ounce of Gold for delivery in London through a member of 
the LBMA authorised to effect such delivery, stated in U.S. Dollars, as determined by 
the London Gold Market and displayed on Reuters Screen page "GOFO" that displays 
prices effective on that Calculation Date. 
"Gold-COMEX" means that the price for a Calculation Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per troy ounce of gold on the COMEX of the Futures Contract for the 
applicable Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the COMEX on that 
Calculation Date. 
"Gold-P.M. Fix" means that the price for a Calculation Date will be that day's afternoon 
Gold fixing price per troy ounce of Gold for delivery in London through a member of 
the LBMA authorised to effect such delivery, stated in U.S. Dollars, as calculated by 
the London Gold Market and displayed on Reuters Screen page "GOFO" that displays 
prices effective on that Calculation Date. 
"Hedging Arrangement" means any hedging arrangements entered into by the Issuer, 
the Guarantor and/or its affiliates at any time with respect to the Notes, including 
without limitation the purchase and/or sale of any Commodity and any associated 
foreign exchange transactions. 
"Hedging Disruption Event" means, (i) any event in connection with which the Issuer, 
the Guarantor or any of its affiliates is (or would be) unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts to hold, acquire or dispose of any Commodity or to enter into,

--- Page 444 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 444 - 
47-41009328 
 
maintain, re-establish or unwind any Hedging Arrangement; (ii) any event in 
connection with which the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of its affiliates is (or would be) 
unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts to realise, recover or remit the 
proceeds of any Commodity and/or Hedging Arrangement; and/or (iii) any other event 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. "Interest Averaging Dates" means 
each of the dates set forth in the Final Terms, if any, or if any such date is not a 
Commodity Business Day or Bullion Business Day, as applicable, in respect of the 
Specified Commodity the next following Commodity Business Day or Bullion 
Business Day, as applicable, in respect of the Specified Commodity, in each case 
subject to Base Condition 4(i) of the Base Conditions. 
"LBMA" means the London Bullion Market Association or its successor. 
"Lead" means standard lead. 
"Lead-LME Cash" means that the price for a Calculation Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per tonne of Lead on the LME for the applicable Delivery Date, stated 
in U.S. Dollars, as determined by the LME and displayed on Reuters Screen page 
"MTLE" that displays prices effective on that Calculation Date. 
"LME" means The London Metal Exchange Limited or its successor. 
"LPPM" means the London Platinum and Palladium Market or its successor. 
"Market Disruption Event" means the occurrence, with respect to the Specified 
Commodity, of a Price Source Disruption, a Trading Disruption, a Disappearance of 
Commodity Reference Price, a Tax Disruption, a Material Change in Content or a 
Material Change in Formula or an Early Closure if so specified in the Final Terms. 
"Material Change in Content" means the occurrence since the Issue Date of a material 
change in the content, composition or constitution of the Specified Commodity or 
relevant Futures Contract. 
"Material Change in Formula" means the occurrence since the Issue Date of a 
material change in the formula for or method of calculating the relevant Commodity 
Reference Price. 
"Nearby Month", when preceded by a numerical adjective, means, in respect of a 
Delivery Date and/or Calculation Date, the month of expiration of the Futures Contract 
identified by that numerical adjective, so that: (i) "First Nearby Month" means the 
month of expiration of the first Futures Contract to expire following that date; (ii) 
"Second Nearby Month" means the month of expiration of the second Futures Contract 
to expire following that date; and, for example, (iii) "Sixth Nearby Month" means the 
month of expiration of the sixth Futures Contract to expire following that date. 
"Nickel" means primary nickel. 
"Nickel-LME Cash" means that the price for a Calculation Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per tonne of Nickel on the LME for the applicable Delivery Date, stated 
in U.S. Dollars, as determined by the LME and displayed on Reuters Screen page 
"MTLE" that displays prices effective on that Calculation Date.

--- Page 445 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 445 - 
47-41009328 
 
"NYMEX" means the NYMEX Division, or its successor, of the New York Mercantile 
Exchange, Inc. or its successor. 
"Observation Date" means each date, if any, specified as such in the Final Terms, or 
if any such date is not a Commodity Business Day or Bullion Business Day, as 
applicable, in respect of the Specified Commodity the next following Commodity 
Business Day or Bullion Business Day, as applicable, in respect of the Specified 
Commodity. 
"Observation Period" has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms. 
"Oil" means West Texas Intermediate light sweet crude oil. 
"OIL-WTI-Argus" means that the price for a Calculation Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per barrel of Oil for delivery on the applicable Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Key Crude Assessments: Houston 17.00 
hrs: Cash WTI" in the issue of Argus that reports prices effective on that Calculation 
Date. 
"Oil-WTI-NYMEX" means that the price for a Calculation Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per barrel of Oil on the NYMEX of the Futures Contract for the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that 
Calculation Date. 
"Oil-WTI-Platts Marketwire" means that the price for a Calculation Date will be that 
day's Specified Price per barrel of Oil, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the 
heading "US Domestic, Delivered US Gulf and Latin America spot assessments: WTI 
(delivery month)" in the issue of Platts Marketwire that reports prices effective on that 
Calculation Date. 
"Ounce" means, in the case of Gold, a fine troy ounce, and in the case of Silver, 
Platinum and Palladium, a troy ounce. 
"Palladium" means palladium ingots or plate or unallocated palladium complying with 
the rules of the LPPM relating to good delivery and fineness from time to time in effect. 
"Platinum" means ingots or plate or unallocated platinum complying with the rules of 
the LPPM relating to good delivery and fineness from time to time in effect. 
"Platts Marketwire" means Platts Crude Oil Marketwire, or any successor publication 
published by The McGraw-Hill Companies Inc. or its successor. 
"Postponement" means, with respect to the Specified Commodity, that the Calculation 
Date will be deemed, for purposes of the application of this Disruption Fallback, to be 
the first succeeding Commodity Business Day or Bullion Business Day, as applicable, 
on which the Market Disruption Event ceases to exist, unless that Market Disruption 
Event continues to exist for two consecutive Commodity Business Days or Bullion 
Business Days, as applicable, (measured from and including the original day that would 
otherwise have been the Calculation Date). In that case, the next applicable Disruption 
Fallback specified will apply. If, as a result of a postponement pursuant to this 
provision, a Relevant Commodity Price is unavailable to determine the Final 
Redemption Amount by the date falling two Business Days prior to the Scheduled

--- Page 446 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 446 - 
47-41009328 
 
Maturity Date, then the Maturity Date will be postponed by the same number of 
Commodity Business Days or Bullion Business Days as was the determination of each 
Relevant Commodity Price, provided that the Maturity Date shall not be any earlier 
than the second Business Day after the date that the Relevant Commodity Price of the 
Affected Commodity is determined in accordance with the provisions of these Single 
Commodity Linked Conditions. 
"Price Materiality Percentage" means the percentage specified in the Final Terms (if 
any). 
"Price Source" means, in respect of the Specified Commodity, the publication (or such 
other origin of reference, including an Exchange) containing (or reporting) the 
Specified Price (or prices from which the Specified Price is calculated) specified in the 
relevant Commodity Reference Price. 
"Price Source Disruption" means, in respect of the Specified Commodity, (A) the 
failure of the relevant Price Source to announce or publish the Specified Price (or the 
information necessary for determining the Specified Price of such Specified 
Commodity) for the relevant Commodity Reference Price; (B) the temporary or 
permanent discontinuance or unavailability of the Price Source; (C) if the Commodity 
Reference Price is "Commodity Reference Dealers", the failure to obtain at least three 
quotations as requested from the relevant Reference Dealers; or (D) if a Price 
Materiality Percentage is specified in the Final Terms, the Specified Price for the 
relevant Commodity Reference Price differs from the Specified Price determined in 
accordance with the Commodity Reference Price "Commodity Reference Dealers" by 
such Price Materiality Percentage. 
"Pricing Date" means the date specified in the Final Terms, provided that if the Pricing 
Date is not a Commodity Business Day in respect of the Specified Commodity (unless 
the Specified Commodity is Bullion) or a Bullion Business Day (if the Specified 
Commodity is Bullion), the Pricing Date shall be adjusted in accordance with the 
Following Business Day Convention, in each case subject to adjustment in accordance 
with Base Condition 4(i) of the Base Conditions. 
"Reference Dealers" means, other than in respect of Bullion, for which the relevant 
Commodity Reference Price is "Commodity Reference Dealers", the four dealers 
specified in the Final Terms or, if dealers are not so specified, four leading dealers in 
the relevant market selected by the Calculation Agent. 
"Relevant Commodity Price" means the price determined on any day for the specified 
Commodity Reference Price. 
"Scheduled Maturity Date" means the date specified in the Final Terms. 
"Silver" means silver bars or unallocated silver complying with the rules of the LBMA 
relating to good delivery and fineness from time to time in effect. 
"Silver-COMEX" means that the price for a Calculation Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per troy ounce of Silver on the COMEX of the Futures Contract for the 
applicable Delivery Date, stated in U.S. cents, as made public by the COMEX on that 
Calculation Date.

--- Page 447 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 447 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Silver-Fix" means that the price for a Calculation Date will be that day's Silver fixing 
price per troy ounce of Silver for delivery in London through a member of the LBMA 
authorised to effect such delivery, stated in U.S. cents, as calculated by the London 
Silver Market and displayed on Reuters Screen page "SIFO" that displays prices 
effective on that Calculation Date. 
"Specified Commodity" means, the commodity or commodity future specified in the 
Final Terms. 
"Specified Price" means, in respect of a Commodity Reference Price, any of the 
following prices (which must be a price reported in or by, or capable of being 
determined from information reported in or by, the relevant Price Source), as specified 
in the Final Terms (and, if applicable, as of the time so specified): (A) the high price; 
(B) the low price; (C) the average of the high price and the low price; (D) the closing 
price; (E) the opening price; (F) the bid price; (G) the asked price; (H) the average of 
the bid price and the asked price; (I) the settlement price; (J) the official settlement 
price; (K) the official price; (L) the morning fixing; (M) the afternoon fixing; (N) the 
spot price; or (O) any other price specified in the Final Terms. 
"Strike Date" means the date (if any) specified as such in the Final Terms, or if such 
date is not a Commodity Business Day or Bullion Business Day, as applicable, in 
respect the Specified Commodity, the next following Commodity Business Day or 
Bullion Business Day, as applicable, in respect the Specified Commodity, in each case 
subject to Base Condition 4(i) of the Base Conditions. 
"Strike Price" means the price (if any) specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Tax Disruption" means the imposition of, change in or removal of an excise, 
severance, sales, use, value-added, transfer, stamp, documentary, recording or similar 
tax on, or measured by reference to the relevant Commodity or Futures Contract (other 
than a tax on, or measured by reference to, overall gross or net income) by any 
government or taxation authority after the Issue Date, if the direct effect of such 
imposition, change or removal is to raise or lower the Commodity Reference Price on 
the day that would otherwise be a Calculation Date from what it would have been 
without that imposition, change or removal. 
"Tin-LME Cash" means that the price for a Calculation Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per tonne of Tin on the LME for the applicable Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, as determined by the LME and displayed on Reuters Screen page "MTLE" 
that displays prices effective on that Calculation Date. 
"Trading Disruption" means, in respect of the Specified Commodity, the material 
suspension of, or the material limitation imposed on, trading in the relevant Futures 
Contract or such Specified Commodity on the relevant Exchange. For these purposes: 
(i) 
a suspension of the trading in the relevant Futures Contract or the Specified 
Commodity on any Commodity Business Day or Bullion Business Day, as 
applicable, shall be deemed to be material only if: 
(A) 
all trading in the relevant Futures Contract or the Specified Commodity 
is suspended for the entire Calculation Date; or

--- Page 448 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 448 - 
47-41009328 
 
(B) 
all trading in the relevant Futures Contract or the Specified Commodity 
is suspended subsequent to the opening of trading on the Calculation 
Date, trading does not recommence prior to the regularly scheduled 
close of trading in such Futures Contract or such Specified Commodity 
on such Calculation Date, and such suspension is announced less than 
one hour preceding its commencement; and 
(ii) 
a limitation of trading in the relevant Futures Contract or the Specified 
Commodity on any Commodity Business Day or Bullion Business Day, as 
applicable, shall be deemed to be material only if the relevant Exchange 
establishes limits on the range within which the price of the relevant Futures 
Contract or the Specified Commodity may fluctuate and the closing or 
settlement price of the relevant Futures Contract or the Specified Commodity 
on such day is at the upper or lower limit of that range. 
"Zinc" means special high grade zinc. 
"Zinc-LME Cash" means that the price for a Calculation Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per tonne of Zinc on the LME for the applicable Delivery Date, stated 
in U.S. Dollars, as determined by the LME and displayed on Reuters Screen page 
"MTLE" that displays prices effective on that Calculation Date. 
4. 
DISRUPTION FALLBACK 
For the purposes of the Notes, Base Condition 4 of the Base Conditions shall be 
amended by the addition of a new Base Condition 4(i) as follows: 
"(i) 
Disruption Fallback 
If the Calculation Agent determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, that a 
Market Disruption Event has occurred or exists on a day which is a Calculation 
Date in respect of the Specified Commodity (the "Affected Commodity"), the 
Commodity Reference Price of the Specified Commodity in respect of such 
Calculation Date shall be determined in accordance with the first applicable 
Disruption Fallback. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of any other Condition, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on any relevant 
Calculation Date, payment of the Final Redemption Amount, the Automatic 
Early Redemption Amount (if such amount is payable) and/or any amount of 
interest (if the payment of interest is commodity linked), as the case may be, 
shall be postponed to the later of (i) the Maturity Date, the Automatic Early 
Redemption Date and/or the relevant Interest Payment Date and (ii) the date that 
is three Business Days (or such other period as specified in the Final Terms) 
following the postponed Calculation Date. For the avoidance of doubt, no 
additional amounts shall be payable in respect of the postponement of any 
payment of the Final Redemption Amount, the Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount and/or any amount of interest in accordance with this Base Condition 
4(i) of the Base Conditions.

--- Page 449 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 449 - 
47-41009328 
 
The Issuer shall give notice to the holders of the Notes, in accordance with 
Condition 12 of the Base Conditions, of the occurrence of a Market Disruption 
Event if it results in a delay in the determination of a Commodity Reference 
Price and the postponement of any payment in respect of the Notes.". 
5. 
ADJUSTMENTS 
For the purposes of the Notes, Base Condition 4 of the Base Conditions shall be 
amended by the addition of a new Base Condition 4(j) as follows: 
"(j) 
Adjustments and Additional Disruption Events 
(i) 
Adjustments 
If the Calculation Agent determines in respect of any Relevant 
Commodity Price, that the price published or announced and used or to 
be used by the Calculation Agent in any calculation or determination 
made or to be made in respect of the Notes is subsequently corrected and 
the correction is published or announced by the person responsible for 
that publication or announcement within three Business Days (or such 
other period specified in the Final Terms) after the original publication 
or announcement, the Calculation Agent will determine, in its sole and 
absolute discretion, the amount (if any) that is payable following that 
correction, and, whether any adjustment to the terms and conditions of 
the Notes is required to account for such correction. If, the Calculation 
Agent determines that an adjustment to the terms and conditions is 
required, the Issuer will as soon as reasonably practicable adjust the 
terms and conditions of the Notes to account for such correction. 
(ii) 
Currency 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any event occurs affecting the 
Relevant Currency or the currency in which the Specified Commodity 
and/or Futures Contracts and/or Commodity Reference Prices are 
quoted, listed and/or dealt in on the relevant Price Source and/or 
Exchange (whether relating to the convertibility of any such currency 
into other currencies or otherwise) which the Calculation Agent 
determines necessitates an adjustment or adjustments to the Final 
Redemption Amount, Strike Price (if applicable) and/or any other 
relevant term of the Notes (including the date on which any amount is 
payable by the Issuer and the amount of interest payable, if any), the 
Issuer may make such adjustment or adjustments to the Final 
Redemption Amount, Strike Price (if applicable) and/or any other 
relevant term of the Notes (including the amount of interest payable, if 
any) as it deems necessary. The Issuer shall give notice to the holders of 
the Notes of any such adjustment in accordance with Base Condition 12 
of the Base Conditions.

--- Page 450 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 450 - 
47-41009328 
 
(iii) 
Additional Disruption Events 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event 
has occurred, the Issuer may (i) make such adjustment or adjustments to 
any relevant term of the Notes (including the amount of interest payable, 
if any) as it deems necessary and/or (ii) redeem each Note at its fair 
market value (as determined by the Calculation Agent) as at the date of 
redemption taking into account the Additional Disruption Event less, 
unless specified otherwise in the Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer of 
amending or liquidating any Hedging Arrangements, together with any 
costs, expenses, fees or taxes incurred by the Issuer in respect of any 
such Hedging Arrangements. Notice of any determination made 
pursuant to this paragraph and/or any adjustment and/or redemption of 
the Notes shall be given to Noteholders in accordance with Base 
Condition 12 of the Base Conditions. 
(iv) 
Change in currency 
If, at any time after the Issue Date, there is any change in the currency 
in which the Specified Commodity and/or Futures Contracts and/or any 
relevant Commodity Reference Price are quoted, listed and/or dealt on 
the relevant Price Source and/or Exchange, then the Issuer will adjust 
such of the terms and conditions of the Notes as the Calculation Agent 
determines appropriate to preserve the economic terms of the Notes. The 
Calculation Agent will make any conversion necessary for purposes of 
any such adjustment as of the Valuation Time at an appropriate mid-
market spot rate of exchange determined by the Calculation Agent 
prevailing as of the Valuation Time. No adjustments under this section 
will affect the currency denomination of any payment obligation arising 
out of the Notes.". 
6. 
AUTOMATIC EARLY REDEMPTION 
For the purposes of the Notes, if "Automatic Early Redemption" is specified as being 
applicable in the Final Terms, Base Condition 4 of the Base Conditions shall be 
amended by the addition of a new Base Condition 4(o) as follows: 
"(o) 
Automatic Early Redemption: 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if on any Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date or during any Observation Period the 
Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, then the Notes will be automatically 
redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the Automatic Early Redemption Date 
immediately following such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or (in 
the case of the occurrence of an Automatic Early Redemption Event during an 
Observation Period) on the date that is five Business Days (or such other period 
as is specified in the applicable Final Terms) following the occurrence of such 
Automatic Early Redemption Event, and in any such case the Final Redemption 
Amount payable by the Issuer on such date upon redemption of each Note shall 
be an amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Amount.".

--- Page 451 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 451 - 
47-41009328 
 
7. 
PRESCRIPTION 
For the avoidance of doubt, Base Condition 7 of the Base Conditions shall apply to the 
Notes.

--- Page 452 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 452 - 
47-41009328 
 
PART (B): TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF NOTES LINKED TO A BASKET OF 
COMMODITIES OR COMMODITY FUTURES 
The terms and conditions applicable to Notes linked to a basket of commodities and/or 
commodity futures issued by the Issuer under the unconditional and irrevocable guarantee of 
the Guarantor shall comprise the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out in Chapter 2 (the 
"Base Conditions"), the specific terms and conditions set out below (the "Basket Commodity 
Linked Conditions") and the specific terms and conditions for Physical Delivery Notes set out 
in Chapter 13 (if applicable), in each case subject to completion and/or amendment in the 
applicable Final Terms. The Final Terms shall comprise the general form of Final Terms set 
out in Part 2 of Chapter 2, completed to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Notes and 
their issue. In the event of any inconsistency between the Base Conditions and the Basket 
Commodity Linked Conditions, the Basket Commodity Linked Conditions set out below shall 
prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Base Conditions and/or the Basket 
Commodity Linked Conditions and (ii) the Final Terms, the Final Terms shall prevail. 
1. 
FINAL REDEMPTION 
Subject to any applicable automatic redemption and/or early redemption and/or put 
options and/or call options set forth in the Final Terms not having occurred prior to any 
applicable date specified therein, for the purposes of Base Condition 4(b) of the Base 
Conditions the Final Redemption Amount payable per Note on the Maturity Date shall 
be an amount payable per Note in the Relevant Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the applicable Final Redemption Formula, for which 
purposes: 
"Final Valuation Date" means: 
(i) 
if Averaging is not specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the Pricing 
Date; or 
(ii) 
if Averaging is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, each of the 
Averaging Dates, 
"Initial Valuation Date" means the Strike Date. 
"Settlement Price" means the Commodity Reference Price. 
2. 
INTEREST 
Subject to any applicable automatic redemption and/or early redemption and/or put 
options and/or call options set forth in the Final Terms not having occurred prior to any 
applicable date specified therein, for the purposes of Base Condition 3(f) of the Base 
Conditions the Interest Amount payable per Note on the relevant Interest Payment Date 
shall be an amount payable per Note in the Relevant Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the applicable Structured Rate Formula, for 
which purposes: 
"Final Interest Valuation Date" means: 
(i) 
if Averaging is not specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the Pricing 
Date; or

--- Page 453 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 453 - 
47-41009328 
 
(ii) 
if Averaging is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, each of the 
Interest Averaging Dates, 
"Interest Settlement Price" means the Commodity Reference Price. 
3. 
DEFINITIONS 
For the purposes of the terms and conditions of the Notes, the following terms shall 
have the meanings set out below: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means a Change in Law, a Hedging Disruption and/or 
such other event (if any) specified in the Final Terms. 
"Affected Commodity" has the meaning given to it in Base Condition 4(i) of the Base 
Conditions. 
"Aluminium" means high-grade primary aluminium. 
"Aluminium – COMEX" means that the price for a Calculation Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per pound of Aluminium on the COMEX of the Futures Contract for 
the applicable Delivery Date, stated in U.S. cents, as made public by the COMEX on 
that Calculation Date. 
"Aluminium-LME Cash" means that the price for a Calculation Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per tonne of Aluminium on the LME for the applicable Delivery Date, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, as determined by the LME and displayed on Reuters Screen page 
"MTLE" that displays prices effective on that Calculation Date. 
"Argus" means the Argus Crude Report, or any successor publication, published by 
Argus Media Limited or its successor. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means, if "Automatic Early Redemption" is 
specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, (a) an amount specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount is specified, (b) an amount per Specified 
Denomination equal to the product of (i) the Specified Denomination and (ii) the 
relevant Automatic Early Redemption Rate. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date(s)" means, if "Automatic Early Redemption" is 
specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, each of the date(s) specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms, subject in each case to adjustment in accordance with 
Base Condition 4(i) of the Base Conditions. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" means, if "Automatic Early Redemption" is 
specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, each event specified as such in the 
Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date(s)" means, if "Automatic Early 
Redemption" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, each of the date(s) 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if any such Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date is not a Commodity Business Day or a Bullion Business 
Day, in respect of any Component, the next following day that is a Commodity Business 
Day or a Bullion Business Day, as applicable, in respect of all Components, in each

--- Page 454 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 454 - 
47-41009328 
 
case subject to adjustment in accordance with Base Condition 4(i) of the Base 
Conditions. 
"Averaging Dates" means each of the dates set forth in the Final Terms, if any, or if 
any such date is not a Commodity Business Day or Bullion Business Day, as applicable, 
in respect of each Component, the next following day which is a Commodity Business 
Day or Bullion Business Day, as applicable, in respect of all Components, in each case 
subject to Base Condition 4(i) of the Base Conditions. 
"Basket" means, a basket comprised of two or more commodities and/or commodity 
futures as specified in the Final Terms in the relative proportions specified in the Final 
Terms. 
"Bullion" means Gold, Silver, Platinum or Palladium, as the case may be. 
"Bullion Business Day" means, in respect of any Commodity Linked Notes where the 
related Basket includes a Bullion Component, any day on which commercial banks are 
open for business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London and New York and in the location where payment is to be made. 
"Bullion Component" means, in respect of any Commodity Linked Notes and a related 
Basket, each component of such Basket which comprises Bullion. 
"Bullion Reference Dealers" means, with respect to any Bullion for which the relevant 
Commodity Reference Price is "Commodity Reference Dealers", the four major dealers 
that are the members of the LBMA specified in the Final Terms, or if no such Bullion 
Reference Dealers are specified, as selected by the Calculation Agent, in each case, 
acting through their principal London offices. 
"Calculation Agent Determination" means that the Calculation Agent will determine 
the relevant Commodity Reference Price (or a method for determining the relevant 
Commodity Reference Price), taking into consideration the latest available quotation 
for the relevant Commodity Reference Price and any other information that in good 
faith it deems relevant. 
"Calculation Date" means the Strike Date, the Pricing Date, any Averaging Date, any 
Final Interest Valuation Date, any Interest Averaging Date, any Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, any Observation Date, any Structured Barrier Observation 
Date, any Interest Barrier Observation Date or any Redemption Barrier Observation 
Date or any other date on which the Commodity Reference Price is required to be 
calculated, as the case may be. 
"Change in Law" means that on or after the Issue Date (or as otherwise set forth in the 
Final Terms) (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law, regulation, 
rule, order, ruling or procedure (including, without limitation, any tax law and any 
regulation, rule, order, ruling or procedure of any applicable regulatory authority, tax 
authority and/or any exchange) or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the 
interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction 
(including, without limitation, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission or any 
relevant exchange or trading facility) of any applicable law or regulation (including any 
action taken by a taxing authority), the Issuer determines that:

--- Page 455 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 455 - 
47-41009328 
 
(X) 
it has (or it expects that it will) become illegal for the Issuer, the Guarantor or 
any of its affiliates, to (i) to hold, acquire or dispose of any of any Component 
or to enter into transactions on or relating to any Component (including without 
limitation, futures contracts) or (ii) perform its obligations under the Notes; or 
(Y) 
 the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of its affiliates would (or would expect to) incur 
a materially increased cost in (i) holding, acquiring or disposing of any of any 
Component, (ii) maintaining, entering into or unwinding any Hedging 
Arrangement, and/or (iii) performing its obligations under the Notes (including, 
without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or 
other adverse effect on its tax position). 
"COMEX" means the COMEX Divisions, or its successor, of the New York Mercantile 
Exchange, Inc., or its successor. 
"Commodity" means, in respect of each Component, the commodity specified in the 
relevant Commodity Reference Price, or otherwise the relevant Component. 
"Commodity Business Day" means (a) in respect of any Component (other than a 
Bullion Component) for which the Commodity Reference Price is a price announced or 
published by an Exchange, a day that is (or, but for the occurrence of a Market 
Disruption Event, would have been) a day on which that Exchange is open for trading 
during its regular trading session, notwithstanding any such Exchange closing prior to 
its scheduled closing time; and (b) in respect of any Component (other than a Bullion 
Component) for which the Commodity Reference Price is not a price announced or 
published by an Exchange, a day in respect of which the relevant Price Source published 
(or, but for the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, would have published) a price. 
"Commodity Reference Dealers" means that the price for a Calculation Date will be 
determined on the basis of quotations provided by Reference Dealers or Bullion 
Reference Dealers, as applicable, on that Calculation Date of that day's Specified Price 
for a unit of the relevant Commodity for delivery on the Delivery Date, if applicable. If 
four quotations are provided as requested, the price for that Calculation Date will be 
the arithmetic mean of the Specified Prices for that Commodity provided by each 
Reference Dealer or Bullion Reference Dealer, as applicable, without regard to the 
Specified Prices having the highest and lowest values. If exactly three quotations are 
provided as requested, the price for that Calculation Date will be the Specified Price 
provided by the relevant Reference Dealer or Bullion Reference Dealer that remains 
after disregarding the Specified Prices having the highest and lowest values. For this 
purpose, if more than one quotation has the same highest value and lowest value, then 
the Specified Price of one of such quotations shall be disregarded. If fewer than three 
quotations are provided, it will be deemed that the price for the Calculation Date cannot 
be determined. 
"Commodity Reference Price" means, in respect of each Component, the reference 
price or spot price for the relevant Component specified in the Final Terms. 
"Component" means, in respect of any Commodity Linked Notes and the related 
Basket, each or any of the commodities or commodity futures included in such Basket, 
including any Bullion Component.

--- Page 456 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 456 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Component Weight" means the percentage or other value specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
"Copper" means copper-grade A. 
"Copper-COMEX" means that the price for a Calculation Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per pound of high grade copper on the COMEX of the Futures Contract 
for the applicable Delivery Date, stated in U.S. cents, as made public by COMEX on 
that Calculation Date. 
"Copper-LME Cash" means that the price for a Calculation Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per tonne of Copper on the LME for the applicable Delivery Date, stated 
in U.S. Dollars, as determined by the LME and displayed on Reuters Screen page 
"MTLE" that displays prices effective on that Calculation Date. 
"Delayed Publication or Announcement" means, in respect of an Affected 
Commodity, that the Relevant Commodity Price for the relevant Calculation Date will 
be determined based on the Specified Price in respect of the original day scheduled as 
such Calculation Date that is published or announced by the relevant Price Source 
retrospectively on the first succeeding Commodity Business Day or Bullion Business 
Day, as applicable, on which the relevant Market Disruption Event ceases to exist, 
unless that Market Disruption Event continues to exist (measured from and including 
the original day that would otherwise have been the Calculation Date) or the Relevant 
Commodity Price continues to be unavailable for two consecutive Commodity Business 
Days or Bullion Business Days, as applicable. In that case, the next Disruption Fallback 
specified in the Final Terms will apply. If, as a result of a delay pursuant to Delayed 
Publication or Announcement, a Relevant Commodity Price is unavailable to determine 
the Final Redemption Amount by the date falling two Business Days prior to the 
Scheduled Maturity Date, then the Maturity Date will be delayed by the same number 
of Commodity Business Days or Bullion Business Days, as the case may be, as was the 
determination of each Relevant Commodity Price provided that the Maturity Date shall 
not be any earlier than the second Business Day after the date that each Relevant 
Commodity Price of each Affected Commodity is determined in accordance with the 
provisions of hereof. 
"Delivery Date" means, in respect of a Commodity Reference Price, the Nearby Month 
of expiration of the relevant Futures Contract or the relevant date or month for delivery 
of the underlying (which must be a date or month reported or capable of being 
determined from information reported in or by the relevant Price Source) as follows: 
(A) 
if a date is, or a month and year are, specified in the Final Terms, that date or 
that month and year; 
(B) 
if a Nearby Month is specified in the Final Terms, the month of expiration of 
the relevant Futures Contract; and 
(C) 
if a method is specified for the purpose of determining the Delivery Date, the 
date or the month and year determined pursuant to that method, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 457 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 457 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Disappearance of Commodity Reference Price" means, in respect of a Relevant 
Commodity Price, (A) the permanent discontinuation of trading in the relevant Futures 
Contract on the relevant Exchange; (B) the disappearance of, or of trading in, the 
relevant Component; or (C) the disappearance or permanent discontinuance or 
unavailability of a Commodity Reference Price, notwithstanding the availability of the 
related Price Source or the status of trading in the relevant Futures Contract or the 
relevant Component. 
"Disruption Fallback" means, any of Fallback Reference Dealers, Fallback Reference 
Price, Postponement, Calculation Agent Determination and Delayed Publication or 
Announcement, specified to be applicable in the Final Terms and in the order specified 
in the Final Terms. 
"Exchange" means, in respect of the relevant Component, the exchange or principal 
trading market specified in the relevant definition of Commodity Reference Price. 
"Fallback Reference Dealers" means that the Relevant Commodity Price, in respect 
of an Affected Commodity, will be determined in accordance with the Commodity 
Reference Price, "Commodity- Reference Dealers". 
"Fallback Reference Price" means that the Calculation Agent will determine the 
Relevant Commodity Price, in respect of an Affected Commodity, based on the price 
for the relevant Calculation Date of the first alternate Commodity Reference Price, if 
any, specified in the Final Terms and not subject to a Market Disruption Event. 
"Futures Contract" means, in respect of any Commodity Reference Price, the contract 
for future delivery of a contract size in respect of the relevant Delivery Date relating to 
the Commodity referred to in that Commodity Reference Price (if any). 
"Gold" means gold bars or unallocated gold complying with the rules of the LBMA 
relating to good delivery and fineness from time to time in effect. 
"Gold-A.M. Fix" means that the price for a Calculation Date will be that day's morning 
Gold fixing price per troy ounce of Gold for delivery in London through a member of 
the LBMA authorised to effect such delivery, stated in U.S. Dollars, as determined by 
the London Gold Market and displayed on Reuters Screen page "GOFO" that displays 
prices effective on that Calculation Date. 
"Gold-COMEX" means that the price for a Pricing Date or Averaging Date will be that 
day's Specified Price per troy ounce of gold on the COMEX of the Futures Contract for 
the applicable Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the COMEX on 
that Pricing Date or Averaging Date. 
"Gold-P.M. Fix" means that the price for a Calculation Date will be that day's afternoon 
Gold fixing price per troy ounce of Gold for delivery in London through a member of 
the LBMA authorised to effect such delivery, stated in U.S. Dollars, as calculated by 
the London Gold Market and displayed on Reuters Screen page "GOFO" that displays 
prices effective on that Calculation Date. 
"Hedging Arrangement" means any hedging arrangements entered into by the Issuer, 
the Guarantor and/or its affiliates at any time with respect to the Notes, including

--- Page 458 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 458 - 
47-41009328 
 
without limitation the purchase and/or sale of any Component and any associated 
foreign exchange transactions. 
"Hedging Disruption Event" means, (i) any event in connection with which the Issuer, 
the Guarantor or any of its affiliates is (or would be) unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts to hold, acquire or dispose of any Component or to enter into, 
maintain, re-establish or unwind any Hedging Arrangement; (ii) any event in 
connection with which the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of its affiliates is (or would be) 
unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts to realise, recover or remit the 
proceeds of any Component and/or Hedging Arrangement; and/or (iii) any other event 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Interest Averaging Dates" means each of the dates set forth in the Final Terms, if 
any, or if any such date is not a Commodity Business Day or Bullion Business Day, as 
applicable, in respect of each Component, the next following day which is a Commodity 
Business Day or Bullion Business Day, as applicable, in respect of all Components, in 
each case subject to Base Condition 4(i) of the Base Conditions. 
"LBMA" means the London Bullion Market Association or its successor. 
"Lead" means standard lead. 
"Lead-LME Cash" means that the price for a Calculation Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per tonne of Lead on the LME for the applicable Delivery Date, stated 
in U.S. Dollars, as determined by the LME and displayed on Reuters Screen page 
"MTLE" that displays prices effective on that Calculation Date. 
"LME" means The London Metal Exchange Limited or its successor. 
"LPPM" means the London Platinum and Palladium Market or its successor. 
"Market Disruption Event" means the occurrence, with respect to any Component, of 
a Price Source Disruption, a Trading Disruption, a Disappearance of Commodity 
Reference Price, a Tax Disruption, a Material Change in Content or a Material Change 
in Formula or an Early Closure if so specified in the Final Terms. 
"Material Change in Content" means the occurrence since the Issue Date of a material 
change in the content, composition or constitution of the relevant Component or 
relevant Futures Contract. 
"Material Change in Formula" means the occurrence since the Issue Date of a 
material change in the formula for or method of calculating the relevant Commodity 
Reference Price. 
"Nearby Month", when preceded by a numerical adjective, means, in respect of a 
Delivery Date and/or Calculation Date the month of expiration of the Futures Contract 
identified by that numerical adjective, so that: (i) "First Nearby Month" means the 
month of expiration of the first Futures Contract to expire following that date; (ii) 
"Second Nearby Month" means the month of expiration of the second Futures 
Contract to expire following that date; and, for example, (iii) "Sixth Nearby Month" 
means the month of expiration of the sixth Futures Contract to expire following that 
date.

--- Page 459 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 459 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Nickel" means primary nickel. 
"Nickel-LME Cash" means that the price for a Calculation Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per tonne of Nickel on the LME for the applicable Delivery Date, stated 
in U.S. Dollars, as determined by the LME and displayed on Reuters Screen page 
"MTLE" that displays prices effective on that Calculation Date. 
"NYMEX" means the NYMEX Division, or its successor, of the New York Mercantile 
Exchange, Inc. or its successor. 
"Observation Date" means each date, if any, specified as such in the Final Terms, or 
if any such date is not a Commodity Business Day or Bullion Business Day in respect 
of all Components, as applicable, the next following day which is a Commodity 
Business Day or Bullion Business Day, as applicable, in respect of all Components. 
"Observation Period" has the meaning ascribed to it in the Final Terms. 
"Oil" means West Texas Intermediate light sweet crude oil. 
"OIL-WTI-Argus" means that the price for a Calculation Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per barrel of Oil for delivery on the applicable Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Key Crude Assessments: Houston 17.00 
hrs: Cash WTI" in the issue of Argus that reports prices effective on that Calculation 
Date. 
"Oil-WTI-NYMEX" means that the price for a Calculation Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per barrel of Oil on the NYMEX of the Futures Contract for the 
Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX on that 
Calculation Date. 
"Oil-WTI-Platts Marketwire" means that the price for a Calculation Date will be that 
day's Specified Price per barrel of Oil, stated in U.S. Dollars, published under the 
heading "US Domestic, Delivered US Gulf and Latin America spot assessments: WTI 
(delivery month)" in the issue of Platts Marketwire that reports prices effective on that 
Calculation Date. 
"Ounce" means, in the case of Gold, a fine troy ounce, and in the case of Silver, 
Platinum and Palladium, a troy ounce. 
"Palladium" means palladium ingots or plate or unallocated palladium complying with 
the rules of the LPPM relating to good delivery and fineness from time to time in effect. 
"Platinum" means ingots or plate or unallocated platinum complying with the rules of 
the LPPM relating to good delivery and fineness from time to time in effect. 
"Platts Marketwire" means Platts Crude Oil Marketwire, or any successor publication 
published by The McGraw-Hill Companies Inc. or its successor. 
"Postponement" means, with respect to any Component, that the Calculation Date will 
be deemed, for purposes of the application of this Disruption Fallback, to be the first 
succeeding Commodity Business Day or Bullion Business Day (as applicable) on 
which the Market Disruption Event ceases to exist, unless that Market Disruption Event

--- Page 460 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 460 - 
47-41009328 
 
continues to exist for two consecutive Commodity Business Days or Bullion Business 
Days, as applicable, (measured from and including the original day that would 
otherwise have been the Calculation Date). In that case, the next applicable Disruption 
Fallback specified will apply. If, as a result of a postponement pursuant to this 
provision, a Relevant Commodity Price is unavailable to determine the Final 
Redemption Amount by the date falling two Business Days prior to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date, then the Maturity Date will be postponed by the same number of 
Commodity Business Days or Bullion Business Days as was the determination of the 
Relevant Commodity Price, provided that the Maturity Date shall not be any earlier 
than the second Business Day after the date that the Relevant Commodity Price of the 
Affected Commodity is determined in accordance with the provisions of these Basket 
Commodity Linked Conditions. 
"Price Materiality Percentage" means the percentage specified in the Final Terms (if 
any). 
"Price Source" means, in respect of each Component, the publication (or such other 
origin of reference, including an Exchange) containing (or reporting) the Specified 
Price (or prices from which the Specified Price is calculated) specified in the relevant 
Commodity Reference Price. 
"Price Source Disruption" means, in respect of any Component, (A) the failure of the 
relevant Price Source to announce or publish the Specified Price (or the information 
necessary for determining the Specified Price of the relevant Component) for the 
relevant Commodity Reference Price; (B) the temporary or permanent discontinuance 
or unavailability of the Price Source; (C) if the Commodity Reference Price is 
"Commodity Reference Dealers", the failure to obtain at least three quotations as 
requested from the relevant Reference Dealers; or (D) if a Price Materiality Percentage 
is specified in the Final Terms, the Specified Price for the relevant Commodity 
Reference Price differs from the Specified Price determined in accordance with the 
Commodity Reference Price "Commodity Reference Dealers" by such Price Materiality 
Percentage. 
"Pricing Date" means the date specified in the Final Terms, provided that if the Pricing 
Date is not a Commodity Business Day in respect of any Component (unless the 
Component is Bullion) or a Bullion Business Day (if the Component is Bullion), the 
Pricing Date in respect of all the Components shall be adjusted in accordance with the 
Following Business Day Convention, in each case subject to adjustments in accordance 
with Base Condition 4(i) of the Base Conditions. 
"Reference Dealers" means, other than in respect of Bullion, for which the relevant 
Commodity Reference Price is "Commodity Reference Dealers", the four dealers 
specified in the Final Terms or, if dealers are not so specified, four leading dealers in 
the relevant market selected by the Calculation Agent. 
"Relevant Commodity Price" means the price determined on any day for the specified 
Commodity Reference Price. 
"Scheduled Maturity Date" means the date specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 461 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 461 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Silver" means silver bars or unallocated silver complying with the rules of the LBMA 
relating to good delivery and fineness from time to time in effect. 
"Silver-COMEX" means that the price for a Calculation Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per troy ounce of Silver on the COMEX of the Futures Contract for the 
applicable Delivery Date, stated in U.S. cents, as made public by the COMEX on that 
Calculation Date. 
"Silver-Fix" means that the price for a Calculation Date will be that day's Silver fixing 
price per troy ounce of Silver for delivery in London through a member of the LBMA 
authorised to effect such delivery, stated in U.S. cents, as calculated by the London 
Silver Market and displayed on Reuters Screen page "SIFO" that displays prices 
effective on that Calculation Date. 
"Specified Price" means, in respect of a Commodity Reference Price, any of the 
following prices (which must be a price reported in or by, or capable of being 
determined from information reported in or by, the relevant Price Source), as specified 
in the Final Terms (and, if applicable, as of the time so specified): (A) the high price; 
(B) the low price; (C) the average of the high price and the low price; (D) the closing 
price; (E) the opening price; (F) the bid price; (G) the asked price; (H) the average of 
the bid price and the asked price; (I) the settlement price; (J) the official settlement 
price; (K) the official price; (L) the morning fixing; (M) the afternoon fixing; (N) the 
spot price; or (O) any other price specified in the Final Terms. 
"Strike Date" means the date (if any) specified as such in the Final Terms, or if such 
date is not a Commodity Business Day or Bullion Business Day, as applicable, in 
respect of each Component, the next following day which is a Commodity Business 
Day or Bullion Business Day in respect of all Components, in each case subject to 
adjustments in accordance with Base Condition 4(i) of the Base Conditions. 
"Strike Price" means the price (if any) specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Tax Disruption" means the imposition of, change in or removal of an excise, 
severance, sales, use, value-added, transfer, stamp, documentary, recording or similar 
tax on, or measured by reference to the relevant Commodity or Futures Contract (other 
than a tax on, or measured by reference to, overall gross or net income) by any 
government or taxation authority after the Issue Date, if the direct effect of such 
imposition, change or removal is to raise or lower the relevant Commodity Reference 
Price on the day that would otherwise be a Calculation Date from what it would have 
been without that imposition, change or removal. 
"Tin-LME Cash" means that the price for a Calculation Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per tonne of Tin on the LME for the applicable Delivery Date, stated in 
U.S. Dollars, as determined by the LME and displayed on Reuters Screen page "MTLE" 
that displays prices effective on that Calculation Date. 
"Trading Disruption" means, in respect of any Component, the material suspension 
of, or the material limitation imposed on, trading in the relevant Futures Contract or the 
relevant Component on the relevant Exchange. For these purposes:

--- Page 462 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 462 - 
47-41009328 
 
(i) 
a suspension of the trading in the relevant Futures Contract or the relevant 
Component on any Commodity Business Day or Bullion Business Day (as 
applicable) shall be deemed to be material only if: 
(A) 
all trading in the relevant Futures Contract or the relevant Component is 
suspended for the entire Calculation Date; or 
(B) 
all trading in the relevant Futures Contract or the relevant Component is 
suspended subsequent to the opening of trading on the Calculation Date, 
trading does not recommence prior to the regularly scheduled close of 
trading in such relevant Futures Contract or such relevant Component 
on such Calculation Date, and such suspension is announced less than 
one hour preceding its commencement; and 
(ii) 
a limitation of trading in the relevant Futures Contract or the relevant 
Component on any Commodity Business Day or Bullion Business Day (as 
applicable) shall be deemed to be material only if the relevant Exchange 
establishes limits on the range within which the price of the relevant Futures 
Contract or the relevant Component may fluctuate and the closing or settlement 
price of the relevant Futures Contract or the relevant Component on such day is 
at the upper or lower limit of that range. 
"Zinc" means special high grade zinc. 
"Zinc-LME Cash" means that the price for a Calculation Date will be that day's 
Specified Price per tonne of Zinc on the LME for the applicable Delivery Date, stated 
in U.S. Dollars, as determined by the LME and displayed on Reuters Screen page 
"MTLE" that displays prices effective on that Calculation Date. 
4. 
DISRUPTION FALLBACK 
For the purposes of the Notes, Base Condition 4 of the Base Conditions shall be 
amended by the addition of a new Base Condition 4(i) as follows: 
"(i) 
Disrupted Fallback 
If the Calculation Agent determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, that a 
Market Disruption Event has occurred or exists on a day which is a Calculation 
Date in respect of any Component (such Component an "Affected 
Commodity"), the Commodity Reference Price of the Components which are 
not affected by the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event shall be determined 
on the scheduled Calculation Date and the Commodity Reference Price of any 
Affected Commodity shall be determined in accordance with the first applicable 
Disruption Fallback. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of any other Condition, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that a Market Disruption Event has occurred on any Calculation 
Date, payment of the Final Redemption Amount, the Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount (if such amount is payable) and/or any amount of interest 
(if the payment of interest is commodity linked), as the case may be, shall be 
postponed to the later of (i) the Maturity Date, the Automatic Early Redemption

--- Page 463 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 463 - 
47-41009328 
 
Date and/or the relevant Interest Payment Date and (ii) the date that is three 
Business Days (or such other period as specified in the Final Terms) following 
the last postponed Calculation Date in respect of which the relevant Commodity 
Reference Price and/or relevant Commodity Price has been determined in 
respect of each Component. For the avoidance of doubt, no additional amounts 
shall be payable in respect of the postponement of any payment of the Final 
Redemption Amount, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount and/or any 
amount of interest in accordance with this Base Condition 4(i) of the Base 
Conditions. 
The Issuer shall give notice to the holders of the Notes, in accordance with Base 
Condition 12 of the Base Conditions, of the occurrence of a Market Disruption 
Event if it results in a delay in the determination of a Commodity Reference 
Price and the postponement of any payment in respect of the Notes.". 
5. 
ADJUSTMENTS 
For the purposes of the Notes, Base Condition 4 of the Base Conditions shall be 
amended by the addition of a new Base Condition 4(j) as follows: 
"(j) 
Adjustments and Additional Disruption Events 
(i) 
Adjustments 
If the Calculation Agent determines in respect of any Relevant 
Commodity Price, that the price published or announced and used or to 
be used by the Calculation Agent in any calculation or determination 
made or to be made in respect of the Notes is subsequently corrected and 
the correction is published or announced by the person responsible for 
that publication or announcement within three Business Days (or such 
other period specified in the Final Terms) after the original publication 
or announcement, the Calculation Agent will determine, in its sole and 
absolute discretion, the amount (if any) that is payable following that 
correction, and, whether any adjustment to the terms and conditions of 
the Notes is required to account for such correction. If the Calculation 
Agent determines that an adjustment to the terms and conditions is 
required the Issuer will, as soon as reasonably practicable, adjust the 
terms and conditions of the Notes to account for such correction. 
(ii) 
Currency 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any event occurs affecting the 
Relevant Currency or the currency in which any Component and/or any 
relevant Futures Contract and/or any relevant Commodity Reference 
Price is quoted, listed and/or dealt in on the relevant Price Source and/or 
Exchange (whether relating to the convertibility of any such currency 
into other currencies or otherwise) which the Calculation Agent 
determines necessitates an adjustment or adjustments to the Final 
Redemption Amount, Strike Price (if applicable) and/or any other 
relevant term of the Notes (including the date on which any amount is 
payable by the Issuer and the amount of interest payable, if any), the

--- Page 464 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 464 - 
47-41009328 
 
Issuer may make such adjustment or adjustments to the Final 
Redemption Amount, Strike Price (if applicable) and/or any other 
relevant term of the Notes (including the amount of interest payable, if 
any) as it deems necessary. The Issuer shall give notice to the holders of 
the Notes of any such adjustment in accordance with Base Condition 12 
of the Base Conditions. 
(iii) 
Additional Disruption Events 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event 
has occurred, the Issuer may (i) make such adjustment or adjustments to 
any relevant term of the Notes (including the amount of interest payable, 
if any) as it deems necessary and/or (ii) redeem each Note at its fair 
market value (as determined by the Calculation Agent) as at the date of 
redemption taking into account the Additional Disruption Event less, 
unless specified otherwise in the Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer of 
amending or liquidating any Hedging Arrangements, together with any 
costs, expenses, fees or taxes incurred by the Issuer in respect of any 
such Hedging Arrangements. Notice of any determination made 
pursuant to this paragraph and/or any adjustment and/or redemption of 
the Notes shall be given to Noteholders in accordance with Base 
Condition 12 of the Base Conditions. 
(iv) 
Change in currency 
If, at any time after the Issue Date, there is any change in the currency 
in which any Component and/or any relevant Futures Contract and/or 
any relevant Commodity Reference Price is quoted, listed and/or dealt 
on the relevant Price Source and/or Exchange, then the Issuer will adjust 
such of the terms and conditions of the Notes as the Calculation Agent 
determines appropriate to preserve the economic terms of the Notes. The 
Calculation Agent will make any conversion necessary for purposes of 
any such adjustment as of the Valuation Time at an appropriate mid-
market spot rate of exchange determined by the Calculation Agent 
prevailing as of the Valuation Time. No adjustments under this section 
will affect the currency denomination of any payment obligation arising 
out of the Notes.". 
6. 
AUTOMATIC EARLY REDEMPTION 
For the purposes of the Notes, if "Automatic Early Redemption" is specified as being 
applicable in the Final Terms, Base Condition 4 of the Base Conditions shall be 
amended by the addition of a new Base Condition 4(o) as follows: 
"(o) 
Automatic Early Redemption: 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if on any Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date or during any Observation Period the 
Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, then the Notes will be automatically 
redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the Automatic Early Redemption Date 
immediately following such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or (in

--- Page 465 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 465 - 
47-41009328 
 
the case of the occurrence of an Automatic Early Redemption Event during an 
Observation Period) on the date that is five Business Days (or such other period 
as is specified in the applicable Final Terms) following the occurrence of such 
Automatic Early Redemption Event, and in any such case the Final Redemption 
Amount payable by the Issuer on such date upon redemption of each Note shall 
be an amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Amount.". 
7. 
PRESCRIPTION 
For the avoidance of doubt, Base Condition 7 of the Base Conditions shall apply to the 
Notes.

--- Page 466 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 466 - 
47-41009328 
 
CHAPTER 9 – DEBT LINKED NOTES 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF NOTES LINKED TO DEBT INSTRUMENTS 
The following terms and conditions apply to Debt Linked Notes issued by the Issuer and 
comprise the Terms and Conditions set out in Chapter 2 (the "Base Conditions"), the specific 
terms and conditions set out below (the "Debt Linked Conditions"), any of the specific terms 
and conditions set out in Chapters 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 10, 11 and 12 (if applicable and so specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) and the specific terms and conditions for Physical Delivery Notes set 
out in Chapter 13 (if applicable), in each case subject to completion in the applicable Final 
Terms. The Final Terms shall comprise the general form of Final Terms set out in Part 2 of 
Chapter 2, completed to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. In the 
event of any inconsistency between the Base Conditions and the Debt Linked Conditions, the 
Debt Linked Conditions set out below shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between 
(i) the Base Conditions and/or the Debt Linked Conditions and (ii) the Final Terms, the Final 
Terms shall prevail. 
1. 
FINAL REDEMPTION 
Subject to any applicable automatic redemption and/or early redemption and/or put 
options and/or call options set forth in the Final Terms not having occurred prior to any 
applicable date specified therein, for the purposes of Base Condition 4(b) of the Base 
Conditions the Final Redemption Amount payable per Note on the Maturity Date shall 
be an amount in the Relevant Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the applicable Final Redemption Formula specified in the Final Terms, 
for which purposes: 
"Final Valuation Date" means: 
(a) 
if Averaging is not specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Valuation Date; or 
(b) 
if Averaging is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, each 
of the Averaging Dates; 
"Initial Valuation Date" means the Strike Date; 
"Settlement Price" means the Final Bid Price. 
2. 
INTEREST 
Subject to any applicable automatic redemption and/or early redemption and/or put 
options and/or call options set forth in the Final Terms not having occurred prior to any 
applicable date specified therein, for the purposes of Base Condition 3(f) of the Base 
Conditions, the Interest Amount payable per Note on the relevant Interest Payment Date 
shall be an amount in the Relevant Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the applicable Structured Rate Formula specified in the Final Terms, 
for which purposes:

--- Page 467 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 467 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Final Interest Valuation Date" means: 
(a) 
if Averaging is not specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Valuation Date; or 
(b) 
if Averaging is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, each 
of the Interest Averaging Dates; 
"Interest Settlement Price" means the Final Bid Price. 
3. 
DEFINITIONS 
For the purposes of the terms and conditions of the Notes, the following terms shall 
have the meanings set out below: 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means, if "Automatic Early Redemption" is 
specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, (a) an amount specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount is specified, (b) an amount per Specified 
Denomination equal to the product of (i) the Specified Denomination and (ii) the 
relevant Automatic Early Redemption Rate. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date(s)" means, if "Automatic Early Redemption" is 
specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, each of the date(s) specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms, subject in each case to adjustment in accordance with 
Base Condition 4(i) of the Base Conditions. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" means, if "Automatic Early Redemption" is 
specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, (unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) that the Price per Share is, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less 
than or equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption Price. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Price" means, if "Automatic Early Redemption" is 
specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the Price per Share specified as such 
or otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Rate" means, in respect of any Automatic Early 
Redemption Date and if "Automatic Early Redemption" is specified as being applicable 
in the Final Terms, the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date(s)" means, if "Automatic Early 
Redemption" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, each of the date(s) 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if any such Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day, in each case subject to adjustment in accordance with Base 
Condition 4(i) of the Base Conditions. 
"Averaging Dates" means each of the dates set forth in the Final Terms, if any, or if 
any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading 
Day, in each case subject to Base Condition 4(i) of the Base Conditions.

--- Page 468 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 468 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Bid Price" means the bid price for the Debt Instrument, including accrued but unpaid 
interest (if the Final Terms specify that Include Accrued Interest is applicable) or 
excluding accrued but unpaid interest (if the Final Terms specify that Include Accrued 
Interest is not applicable). 
"Calculation Date" means the Strike Date, the Pricing Date, any Averaging Date, any 
Final Interest Valuation Date, any Interest Averaging Date, any Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, any Observation Date, any Structured Barrier Observation 
Date, any Interest Barrier Observation Date or any Redemption Barrier Observation 
Date or any other date on which the Final Bid Price is required to be calculated, as the 
case may be. 
"Debt Instrument" means the debt instrument specified in the Final Terms as being 
the relevant Reference Item, or in respect of any Reference Item constituted by a 
Basket, one of the Components thereof. 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) the Exchange fails 
to open for trading during its regular trading session or (ii) on which a Market 
Disruption Event has occurred. 
"Exchange" means the Exchange specified in the Final Terms or otherwise the stock 
exchange on which the Debt Instruments are, in the determination of the Issuer, traded 
or quoted or any successor to such Exchange or quotation system or any substitute 
exchange or quotation system to which trading in the Debt Instruments has temporarily 
been relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is 
comparable liquidity relative to such Debt Instruments on such successor or substitute 
exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
"Final Bid Price" means an amount equal to the Bid Price for a Debt Instrument as 
determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent by reference to the Bid Price for 
such Debt Instrument appearing on the Price Source at the Valuation Time on the 
relevant date, or if such price is not available, the arithmetic mean of the Bid Prices for 
such Debt Instrument at the Valuation Time on the relevant date, as received by it from 
two or more market-makers (as selected by the Calculation Agent) in such Debt 
Instrument, such Bid Prices to be expressed as a percentage of the nominal amount of 
the Debt Instrument. 
"Interest Averaging Dates" means each of the dates set forth in the Final Terms, if 
any, or if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day, in each case subject to Base Condition 4(i) of the Base Conditions. 
"Market Disruption Event" shall mean the suspension of or limitation imposed on 
trading either on any exchange on which the Debt Instruments or any of them (in the 
case of a Basket of Debt Instruments) are traded or on any exchange on which options 
contracts or futures contracts with respect to the Debt Instruments or any of them (in 
the case of a Basket of Debt Instruments) are traded if, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, such suspension or limitation is material. 
"Reference Item" is the reference item specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 469 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 469 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Strike Date" means the date (if any) specified as such in the Final Terms, or if such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day, in 
each case subject to Base Condition 4(i) of the Base Conditions. 
"Valuation Date" means the date (if any) specified as such in the Final Terms, or if 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day, 
in each case subject to Base Condition 4(i) of the Base Conditions. 
"Valuation Time" means the time specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
4. 
DISRUPTED DAYS 
For the purposes of the Notes, Base Condition 4 of the Base Conditions shall be 
amended by the addition of a new Base Condition 4(i) as follows: 
"(i) 
Disrupted Days 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any Calculation Date in respect of the 
Debt Instruments is a Disrupted Day, then such Calculation Date shall be the 
first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each 
of the eight Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the original date 
that, but for the determination by the Calculation Agent of the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day, would have been the Strike Date, such Initial Interest Valuation 
Date, such Final Interest Valuation Date, the Expiration Date, such Averaging 
Date or Interest Averaging Date or such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, as the case may be, is a Disrupted Day. 
In that case: 
(a) 
that eighth Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Calculation Date in respect of the Debt Instruments, notwithstanding the 
fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the price of a Debt Instruments as 
its good faith estimate of the price of a Debt Instruments that would have 
prevailed, but for the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, at the Valuation 
Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day; and/or 
(c) 
the Issuer may make any adjustment or adjustments to the Final 
Redemption Amount, Automatic Early Redemption Amount, the Final 
Bid Price, the Strike Price and/or any other relevant term of the Notes 
(including the amount of interest payable, if any) as it deems necessary. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of any other Condition, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that a Disrupted Day has occurred on any relevant Calculation Date 
payment of the Final Redemption Amount, the Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount (if such amount is payable) and/or any amount of interest (if the 
payment of interest is share-linked), as the case may be, shall be postponed to 
the later of (i) the Maturity Date, the Automatic Early Redemption Date and/or 
the relevant Interest Payment Date and (ii) the date that is three Business Days 
(or such other period as specified in the Final Terms) following the postponed 
Calculation Date. For the avoidance of doubt, no additional amounts shall be

--- Page 470 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 470 - 
47-41009328 
 
payable in respect of the postponement of any payment of the Final Redemption 
Amount, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount and/or any amount of 
interest in accordance with this Base Condition 4(i) of the Base Conditions. 
The Issuer shall give notice to the holders of the Notes, in accordance with Base 
Condition 12 of the Base Conditions, of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day if it results 
in the postponement of any payment in respect of the Notes and/or any adjustment to 
any term of the Notes pursuant to this Base Condition 4(i)." 
5. 
REPLACEMENT EVENTS 
For the purposes of the Notes, Base Condition 4 of the Base Conditions shall be 
amended by the addition of a new Base Condition 4(j) as follows: 
"(j) 
Replacement Events 
In the event that "Replacement of Debt Instruments" is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, if at any time the Calculation Agent 
determines that a Replacement Event has occurred or is continuing with respect 
to a Debt Instrument (the "Original Debt Instrument"), the Calculation Agent 
may: 
(i) 
in respect of Notes relating to a single Debt Instrument, as soon as is 
practicable after such determination, replace the Original Debt 
Instrument for the purposes of the Notes with an appropriate alternative 
debt instrument (a "Replacement Debt Instrument"), as determined by 
the Calculation Agent and following any such replacement, the 
Calculation Agent may make any adjustments to any one or more of the 
Reference Item, the Final Bid Price and/or any of the other terms of the 
Base Conditions or these Specific Conditions and/or the applicable Final 
Terms as it deems appropriate to reflect such replacement; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Notes relating to a Basket of Debt Instruments, remove the 
Original Debt Instrument from the Basket with effect as soon as 
reasonably practicable and, as soon as reasonably practicable following 
the removal of the Original Debt Instrument, either: 
(a) 
substitute the Original Debt Instrument with a Replacement Debt 
Instrument having the same Component Weight as the Original 
Debt Instrument or more than one Replacement Debt 
Instruments having individual Component Weights selected by 
the Calculation Agent and an aggregate Component Weight 
equal to the Original Debt Instrument; or 
(b) 
if no Replacement Debt Instrument is available or if a 
Replacement Event has occurred in relation to each of the 
Replacement Debt Instruments, adjust the Component Weights 
of the remaining Debt Instruments in the Basket; 
and following any such replacement or weight adjustment, the 
Calculation Agent may make any adjustments to any one or more of the

--- Page 471 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 471 - 
47-41009328 
 
Reference Item, the Final Bid Price, the relevant Component Weight 
and/or any of the other terms of these Conditions and/or the applicable 
Final Terms as it deems appropriate to reflect such replacement or 
weight adjustment; or 
(iii) 
redeem the Notes by giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with 
Base Condition 12. If the Notes are so redeemed the Issuer will pay an 
amount to each Noteholder in respect of each Note held by him which 
amount shall be the fair market value of a Note taking into account the 
Replacement Event, less the cost to the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates 
or agents of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements 
(including any cost of funding in respect of such hedging arrangements), 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Base Condition 12; or 
(iv) 
determine that the effect of the Replacement Event can be compensated 
by an adjustment to any one or more of the Reference Item Final Bid 
Price, Component Weight and/or any of the other terms of these 
Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms and following any such 
determination, the Calculation Agent may make any such adjustments 
as it deems appropriate to reflect such compensation. 
For these purposes, "Replacement Event" means: 
(A) 
a Debt Instrument matures; 
(B) 
a Debt Instrument becomes repayable (otherwise than at the option of 
the relevant obligor thereof in accordance with the terms of such Debt 
Instrument) or becomes capable of being declared due and payable prior 
to its stated date of maturity for whatever reason; 
(C) 
if a Debt Instrument becomes repayable at the option of the obligor 
thereof in accordance with the terms of such Debt Instrument, 
in each case, prior to the Maturity Date. 
6. 
AUTOMATIC EARLY REDEMPTION 
For the purposes of the Notes, if "Automatic Early Redemption" is specified as being 
applicable in the Final Terms, Base Condition 4 of the Base Conditions shall be 
amended by the addition of a new Base Condition 4(o) as follows: 
"(o) 
Automatic Early Redemption: 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if on any Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date or during any Observation Period the 
Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, then the Notes will be automatically 
redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the Automatic Early Redemption Date 
immediately following such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or (in 
the case of the occurrence of an Automatic Early Redemption Event during an 
Observation Period) on the date that is five Business Days (or such other period

--- Page 472 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 472 - 
47-41009328 
 
as is specified in the applicable Final Terms) following the occurrence of such 
Automatic Early Redemption Event, and in any such case the Final Redemption 
Amount payable by the Issuer on such date upon redemption of each Note shall 
be an amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Amount.". 
7. 
PRESCRIPTION 
For the avoidance of doubt, Base Condition 7 of the Base Conditions shall apply to the 
Notes.

--- Page 473 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 473 - 
47-41009328 
 
CHAPTER 10 – UNDERLYING INTEREST RATE LINKED NOTES 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF NOTES LINKED TO UNDERLYING INTEREST 
RATE 
The following terms and conditions apply to Interest Rate Linked Notes issued by the Issuer 
and comprise the Terms and Conditions set out in Chapter 2 (the "Base Conditions"), the 
specific terms and conditions set out below (the "Interest Rate Linked Conditions"), any of 
the specific terms and conditions set out in Chapters 3, 4, 5, 7, 8 9, 11 and 12 (if applicable and 
so specified in the relevant Final Terms) and the specific terms and conditions for Physical 
Delivery Notes set out in Chapter 13 (if applicable), in each case subject to completion in the 
applicable Final Terms. The Final Terms shall comprise the general form of Final Terms set 
out in Part 2 of Chapter 2, completed to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Notes and 
their issue. In the event of any inconsistency between the Base Conditions and the Interest Rate 
Linked Conditions, the Interest Rate Linked Conditions set out below shall prevail. In the event 
of any inconsistency between (i) the Base Conditions and/or the Interest Rate Linked 
Conditions and (ii) the Final Terms, the Final Terms shall prevail. 
1. 
FINAL REDEMPTION 
Subject to any applicable automatic redemption and/or early redemption and/or put 
options and/or call options set forth in the Final Terms not having occurred prior to any 
applicable date specified therein, for the purposes of Base Condition 4(b) of the Base 
Conditions the Final Redemption Amount payable per Note on the Maturity Date shall 
be an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the applicable Final Redemption Formula specified in the Final Terms, 
for which purposes: 
"Final Valuation Date" means: 
(a) 
if Averaging is not specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Valuation Date; or 
(b) 
if Averaging is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, each 
of the Averaging Dates; 
"Initial Valuation Date" means the Strike Date; 
"Settlement Price" means the Underlying Interest Rate. 
2. 
INTEREST 
Subject to any applicable automatic redemption and/or early redemption and/or put 
options and/or call options set forth in the Final Terms not having occurred prior to any 
applicable date specified therein, for the purposes of Base Condition 3(f) of the Base 
Conditions, the Interest Amount payable per Note on the relevant Interest Payment Date 
shall be an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the applicable Structured Rate Formula specified in the Final Terms, 
for which purposes:

--- Page 474 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 474 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Final Interest Valuation Date" means: 
(a) 
if Averaging is not specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Final Interest Valuation Date specified in the Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if Averaging is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, each 
of the Interest Averaging Dates; 
"Interest Settlement Price" means the Underlying Interest Rate. 
3. 
DETERMINATION OF UNDERLYING INTEREST RATE 
In respect of each Underlying Interest Determination Date specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Underlying Reference Rate will be determined in the manner specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Calculation Agent will, on or as soon as practicable after each date on which the 
Underlying Interest Rate is to be determined, determine the Underlying Interest Rate 
which will be the Underlying Reference Rate determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with Interest Rate Linked Conditions 4 to 8, as the case may be, plus or 
minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Underlying Margin (if any) and subject to 
any Minimum Underlying Interest Rate or Maximum Underlying Interest Rate 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Calculation Agent will notify the Principal 
Paying Agent of the Underlying Reference Rate and the Underlying Interest Rate as 
soon as practicable after calculating the same. 
4. 
SCREEN RATE DETERMINATION FOR REFERENCE RATES OTHER 
THAN CMS RATE, CONSTANT MATURITY BTP RATE AND CONSTANT 
MATURITY BUND RATE 
Subject to the provisions of Interest Rate Linked Condition 9 below, if Screen Rate 
Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Underlying Reference Rate is to be determined, the Underlying Reference Rate will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(A) 
if the Underlying Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily 
supplied by one entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the Underlying 
Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant 
Time on the relevant Underlying Interest Determination Date; 
(B) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of 
the Underlying Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as 
of the Relevant Time on the relevant Underlying Interest Determination Date; 
(C) 
if, in the case of (a) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case 
of (b) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, 
the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, the Calculation Agent will determine 
the Underlying Reference Rate as the rate it determines would have prevailed 
but for such non-availability or other event acting in good faith and using its 
reasonable judgment.

--- Page 475 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 475 - 
47-41009328 
 
5. 
SCREEN RATE DETERMINATION FOR CONSTANT MATURITY BTP 
RATE 
Subject to the provisions of Interest Rate Linked Condition 9 below, if Screen Rate 
Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Underlying Reference Rate is to be determined and Constant Maturity BTP Rate is 
specified as the Underlying Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Underlying Reference Rate will, subject as provided below, be determined as the gross 
yield before taxes of Italian government bonds with a maturity of the Designated 
Maturity, expressed as a percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
such replacement page on that service which displays the information) at the Specified 
Time on the Underlying Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Underlying Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Underlying Interest Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page (or such 
replacement page on that service which displays the information) is not available, the 
Constant Maturity BTP Rate for such Underlying Interest Determination Date shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, as the gross yield before taxes based on the mid-market price for 
Italian government bonds with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, or as close to the 
Designated Maturity as considered appropriate by the Calculation Agent in its 
discretion, and in a Representative Amount at the Specified Time on the Underlying 
Interest Determination Date in question and shall be the arithmetic mean of quotations 
obtained from three Constant Maturity BTP Reference Banks selected by the Issuer 
(from five such Constant Maturity BTP Reference Banks after eliminating the highest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, 
in the event of equality, one of the lowest)). 
If on any Underlying Interest Determination Date fewer than three or none of the 
Constant Maturity BTP Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with 
quotations for such prices as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Constant 
Maturity BTP Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith on such 
commercial basis as considered appropriate by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, 
in accordance with standard market practice. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Underlying Interest 
Rate shall be deemed to be zero. 
For the purposes of Interest Rate Linked Condition 5: 
"Constant Maturity BTP Reference Bank" means the principal office of any 
"Specialist in Italian Government Bonds" included in the "List of Specialists in 
Government Bonds" (Elenco Specialisti in Titoli di Stato) published by the Department 
of Treasury (Dipartimento del Tesoro) from time to time. 
"Designated Maturity", "Underlying Margin", "Relevant Screen Page" and 
"Specified Time" shall have the meaning given to those terms in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 476 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 476 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time. 
6. 
SCREEN RATE DETERMINATION FOR CONSTANT MATURITY BUND 
RATE 
Subject to the provisions of Interest Rate Linked Condition 9 below, if Screen Rate 
Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Underlying Reference Rate is to be determined and Constant Maturity Bund Rate is 
specified as the Underlying Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Underlying Reference Rate will, subject as provided below, be determined as the gross 
yield before taxes of German government bonds with a maturity of the Designated 
Maturity, expressed as a percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
such replacement page on that service which displays the information) at the Specified 
Time on the Underlying Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Underlying Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Underlying Interest Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page (or such 
replacement page on that service which displays the information) is not available, the 
Constant Maturity Bund Rate for such Underlying Interest Determination Date shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, as the gross yield before taxes based on the mid-market price for 
German government bonds with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, or as close to 
the Designated Maturity as considered appropriate by the Calculation Agent in its 
discretion, and in a Representative Amount at the Specified Time on the Underlying 
Interest Determination Date in question and shall be the arithmetic mean of quotations 
obtained from three Constant Maturity Bund Reference Banks selected by the Issuer 
(from five such Constant Maturity Bund Reference Banks after eliminating the highest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, 
in the event of equality, one of the lowest)). 
If on any Underlying Interest Determination Date fewer than three or none of the 
Constant Maturity Bund Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with 
quotations for such prices as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Constant 
Maturity Bund Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith on such 
commercial basis as considered appropriate by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, 
in accordance with standard market practice. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Underlying Interest 
Rate shall be deemed to be zero. 
For the purposes of Interest Rate Linked Condition 6: 
"Constant Maturity Bund Reference Bank" means the entities indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Designated Maturity", "Underlying Margin", "Relevant Screen Page" and 
"Specified Time" shall have the meaning given to those terms in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 477 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 477 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time. 
7. 
SCREEN RATE DETERMINATION FOR CMS RATE 
Subject to the provisions of Interest Rate Linked Condition 9 below, where Screen Rate 
Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Underlying Reference Rate is to be determined and CMS is specified as the Underlying 
Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, the Underlying Reference Rate will, 
subject as provided below, be the CMS Rate multiplied by the relevant Rate Multiplier, 
if any, plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the relevant 
Underlying Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent and provided 
that the Underlying Reference Rate may not be less than zero.  
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Issuer shall request each of the CMS 
Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its quotation for the Relevant 
Swap Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on the Underlying Interest 
Determination Date in question. If at least three of the CMS Reference Banks provide 
the Calculation Agent with such quotation, the CMS Rate for such period shall be the 
arithmetic mean of such quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event 
of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, 
one of the lowest). 
If on any Underlying Interest Determination Date less than three or none of the CMS 
Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with such quotations as provided in 
the preceding paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
in good faith on such commercial basis as considered appropriate by the Calculation 
Agent in its absolute discretion, in accordance with standard market practice. 
For the purpose of Interest Rate Linked Condition 7: 
"CMS Rate" shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the Reference 
Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a percentage, which 
appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Time on the Underlying Interest 
Determination Date in question, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"CMS Reference Banks" means (i) where the Relevant Currency is Euro, the principal 
office of five leading swap dealers in the inter-bank market, (ii) where the Relevant 
Currency is Sterling, the principal London office of five leading swap dealers in the 
London inter-bank market, (iii) where the Relevant Currency is United States dollars, 
the principal New York City office of five leading swap dealers in the New York City 
inter-bank market, or (iv) in the case of any other Relevant Currency, the principal 
Relevant Financial Centre office of five leading swap dealers in the Relevant Financial 
Centre inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Calculation Agent. 
"Designated Maturity", "Underlying Margin", "Rate Multiplier", "Relevant 
Currency", "Relevant Screen Page" and "Relevant Time" shall have the meanings 
given to those terms in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 478 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 478 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Relevant Swap Rate" means: 
(1) 
where the Relevant Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual swap rate 
determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for 
the annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed for-
floating euro interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to the Designated 
Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant period and in a 
Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap 
market, where the floating leg, in each case calculated on an Actual/360 day 
count basis, is equivalent to EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined in the 2006 
ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes (the ISDA Definitions)) with a designated maturity 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to standard market practice 
and/or the ISDA Definitions; 
(2) 
where the Relevant Currency is in Sterling, the mid-market semi-annual swap 
rate determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates 
for the semi-annual fixed leg, calculated on an Actual/365 (Fixed) day count 
basis, of a fixed-for-floating Sterling interest rate swap transaction with a term 
equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant 
period and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good 
credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each case calculated on an 
Actual/365 (Fixed) day count basis, is equivalent (A) if the Designated Maturity 
is greater than one year, to GBP-LIBOR-BBA (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) with a designated maturity of six months or (B) if the Designated 
Maturity is one year or less, to GBP-LIBOR-BBA with a designated maturity 
of three months; 
(3) 
where the Relevant Currency is United States dollars, the mid-market semi-
annual swap rate determined on the basis of the mean of the bid and offered 
rates for the semi-annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a 
fixed-for-floating United States dollar interest rate swap transaction with a term 
equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant 
period and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good 
credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, calculated on an Actual/360 
day count basis, is equivalent to USD-LIBOR-BBA (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) with a designated maturity of three months; and 
(4) 
where the Relevant Currency is any other currency or if the Final Terms specify 
otherwise, the mid-market swap rate. 
"Representative Amount" means any amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time. 
8. 
SPECIFIC SECURITY YIELD DETERMINATION 
Subject to the provisions of Interest Rate Linked Condition 9 below, if Specific Security 
Yield Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Underlying Reference Rate is to be determined, the Underlying Reference Rate will, 
subject as provided below, be determined (i) as the gross yield before taxes or (ii) as

--- Page 479 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 479 - 
47-41009328 
 
specified in the applicable Final Terms of the debt security (identified by the ISIN 
number thereof) indicated as the Reference Item in the Final Terms, expressed as a 
percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on 
that service which displays the information) at the Specified Time on the Underlying 
Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Underlying Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
If on any Underlying Interest Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page (or such 
replacement page on that service which displays the information) is not available, the 
Underlying Reference Rate for such Underlying Interest Determination Date shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, (i) as the gross yield before taxes or (ii) as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, based on (A) the mid-market price or (B) any other price as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms for that debt security, and in a Representative 
Amount at the Specified Time on the Underlying Interest Determination Date in 
question and shall be the arithmetic mean of quotations obtained from three Reference 
Banks selected by the Issuer.  
If on any Underlying Interest Determination Date fewer than three or none of the 
Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with quotations for such prices as 
provided in the preceding paragraph, the Underlying Reference Rate shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith on such commercial basis as 
considered appropriate by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, in accordance with 
standard market practice.  
For the purpose of Interest Rate Linked Condition 8: 
"Underlying Margin", "Relevant Screen Page" and "Specified Time" shall have the 
meaning given to those terms in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time. 
9. 
BENCHMARK REPLACEMENT 
Notwithstanding the provisions in Interest Rate Linked Conditions 4, 5, 6, 7 and 8, if 
the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Interest Rate and the 
Interest Amount(s)) determines a Benchmark Event has occurred, when any Underlying 
Reference Rate (or the relevant component part thereof) remains to be determined by 
reference to an Underlying Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply: 
(1) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, an Independent Adviser (as defined below) to determine (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) a Successor Rate (as 
defined below) or, alternatively, if the Independent Adviser and the Issuer agree 
that there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative Benchmark Rate and, in either 
case, an alternative screen page or source (the "Alternative Relevant Screen 
Page") and an Adjustment Spread (if applicable) no later than 3 Business Days 
prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding relevant

--- Page 480 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 480 - 
47-41009328 
 
period (as applicable) (the "IA Determination Cut-off Date") for purposes of 
determining the Interest Rate applicable to the Notes for all future relevant 
periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this Interest Rate 
Linked Condition 9); 
(2) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or if the Independent 
Adviser and the Issuer cannot agree upon, or cannot select a Successor Rate or 
an Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page prior to 
the IA Determination Cut-off Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) above, 
then the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) 
may determine which (if any) rate has replaced the relevant Underlying 
Reference Rate in customary market usage for purposes of determining floating 
rates of interest or reset rates of interest in respect of eurobonds denominated in 
the Specified Currency, or, if it determines that there is no such rate, which (if 
any) rate is most comparable to the relevant Underlying Reference Rate, and the 
Alternative Benchmark Rate shall be the rate so determined by the Issuer and 
the Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be such page of an information 
service as displays the Alternative Benchmark Rate; provided however that if 
this sub-paragraph (2) applies and the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine 
an Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page prior to 
the Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding relevant period 
(if any) in accordance with this sub-paragraph (2), then the Underlying 
Reference Rate applicable to such relevant period shall be equal to the last 
Underlying Reference Rate available on the Relevant Screen Page, plus or 
minus (as appropriate) the Underlying Margin (if any), as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. For the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph shall apply to the 
relevant next succeeding relevant period (if any), and any subsequent relevant 
period (if any) are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as 
provided in, the first paragraph of this Interest Rate Linked Condition 9; 
(3) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate and an Alternative 
Relevant Screen Page is determined in accordance with the preceding 
provisions, such Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative 
Relevant Screen Page shall be the benchmark and the Relevant Screen Page in 
relation to the Notes for all future relevant periods (if any) (subject to the 
subsequent operation of this Interest Rate Linked Condition 9); 
(4) 
if the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in 
good faith, determines that (A) an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied 
to the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate and (B) the quantum of, 
or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then 
such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate for each subsequent determination of a relevant Interest Rate 
and Interest Amount(s) (or a component part thereof) by reference to such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate. If the Independent Adviser or 
the Issuer (as applicable) is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Successor 
Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) will apply without an 
Adjustment Spread. For the avoidance of doubt, the Paying Agents shall, at the 
direction and expense of the Issuer, effect such consequential amendments to 
the Agency Agreement and these Conditions as may be required in order to give

--- Page 481 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 481 - 
47-41009328 
 
effect to this Interest Rate Linked Condition 9. No Noteholder consent shall be 
required in connection with effecting the Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate (as applicable) or such other changes, including for the 
execution of any documents or other steps by the Paying Agents (if required)); 
(5) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate and/or Adjustment 
Spread is determined in accordance with the above provisions, the Independent 
Adviser (with the Issuer's agreement) or the Issuer (as the case may be), may 
also specify changes to the Day Count Fraction, Relevant Screen Page, Business 
Day Convention, Business Days, Interest Determination Date and/or the 
definition of Underlying Reference Rate applicable to the Notes, and the method 
for determining the fallback rate in relation to the Notes, in order to follow 
market practice in relation to the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate 
and/or Adjustment Spread, which changes shall apply to the Notes for all future 
relevant periods (if any) (subject to the subsequent operation of this Interest 
Rate Linked Condition 9); and 
(6) 
the Issuer shall promptly, following the determination of any Successor Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate, give notice thereof and of any changes pursuant 
to sub-paragraph (5) above to the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders. 
For the purposes of this Interest Rate Linked Condition 9: 
"Adjustment Spread" means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula 
or methodology for calculating a spread, which the Independent Adviser (in 
consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable), determines is required to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) in 
order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, 
any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Underlying Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology 
which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Underlying Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been 
made or in the case of an Alternative Benchmark Rate, the Independent Adviser 
(in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is 
recognised or acknowledged as being in customary market usage in 
international debt capital markets transactions which reference the Underlying 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable); or 
(iii) 
if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the 
Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer), determines (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate. 
"Alternative Benchmark Rate" means such rate as the Independent Adviser and the 
Issuer acting in good faith agree has replaced the relevant Underlying Reference Rate

--- Page 482 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 482 - 
47-41009328 
 
in customary market usage for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest or 
reset rates of interest in respect of eurobonds denominated in the Specified Currency, 
or, if the Independent Adviser and the Issuer agree that there is no such rate, such other 
rate as the Independent Adviser and the Issuer acting in good faith agree is most 
comparable to the relevant Underlying Reference Rate, and the Alternative Relevant 
Screen Page shall be such page of an information service as displays the Alternative 
Benchmark Rate. 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(i) 
the relevant Underlying Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the 
Relevant Screen Page as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or 
administered; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Underlying Reference 
Rate that it has ceased, or will cease, publishing such Underlying Reference 
Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of such 
Underlying Reference Rate); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant 
Underlying Reference Rate that such Underlying Reference Rate has been or 
will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Underlying 
Reference Rate (as applicable) that means that such Underlying Reference Rate 
will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions 
or adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of the Notes; or 
(v) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant 
Reference that, in the view of such supervisor, (i) such Underlying Reference 
Rate is no longer representative of an underlying market or (ii) the methodology 
to calculate such Underlying Reference Rate has materially changed; or 
(vi) 
it has or will become unlawful for the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the relevant 
Underlying Reference Rate (as applicable) (including, without limitation, under 
the Benchmarks Regulation, if applicable). 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or other independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital 
markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a reference rate or screen rate (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the reference rate or mid swap 
floating leg benchmark rate relates, or any central bank or other supervisory 
authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the reference 
rate; or

--- Page 483 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 483 - 
47-41009328 
 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
reference rate relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the reference rate, (c) a group 
of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, or (d) the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
"Successor Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines is a successor to or replacement of the Underlying Reference 
Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
10. 
U.S. DOLLAR LIBOR REPLACEMENT 
(1) 
Benchmark Replacement. Notwithstanding the provisions in Interest Rate 
Linked Conditions 4, 5, 6, 7 and 8, if the Issuer or its designee determines that 
a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date 
have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any determination of 
the Benchmark on any date, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-
current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of such 
determination on such date and all determinations on all subsequent dates. 
(2) 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. In connection with the 
implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer or its designee will 
have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from 
time to time. 
(3) 
Decisions and Determinations. Any determination, decision or election that 
may be made by the Issuer or its designee pursuant to this Interest Rate Linked 
Condition 10, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or 
adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or 
date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, may be made in the Issuer 
or its designee's sole discretion, and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
in the documentation relating to the Notes, shall become effective without 
consent from any other party. 
(4) 
Certain Defined Terms. As used in this Interest Rate Linked Condition 10: 
"Benchmark" means, initially, U.S. dollar LIBOR; provided that if a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with 
respect to U.S. dollar LIBOR or the then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" means 
the applicable Benchmark Replacement.  
"Benchmark Replacement" means the Interpolated Benchmark; provided that if the 
Issuer or its designee cannot determine the Interpolated Benchmark as of the 
Benchmark Replacement Date, then "Benchmark Replacement" means the first 
alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Issuer or its 
designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the sum of: (a) Term SOFR and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;

--- Page 484 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 484 - 
47-41009328 
 
(ii) 
the sum of: (a) Compounded SOFR and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; 
(iii) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor and (b) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(iv) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; 
(v) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer 
or its designee as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the 
applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for 
U.S. dollar denominated floating rate notes at such time and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment. 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the 
order below that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that 
has been selected by the Issuer or its designee giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining 
such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with 
the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar 
denominated floating rate notes at such time. 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes 
(including changes to the definition of any relevant period, timing and frequency of 
determining rates and making payments of interest, changes to the definition of 
"Corresponding Tenor" when such tenor is longer, shorter than or equal to the relevant 
period and other administrative matters) that the Issuer or its designee decides may be 
appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner 
substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer or its designee decides 
that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or 
if the Issuer or its designee determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark 
Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Issuer or its designee determines is 
reasonably necessary).

--- Page 485 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 485 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark: 
(i) 
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event", 
the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark 
permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark; or 
(ii) 
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event", the 
date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date 
occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any 
determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior 
to the Reference Time for such determination. 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark announcing that such administrator has ceased 
or will cease to provide the Benchmark, permanently or indefinitely, provided 
that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark; 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of the 
Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for 
the Benchmark, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator 
for the Benchmark or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the 
administrator of the Benchmark has ceased or will cease to provide the 
Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the Benchmark; or 
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative. 
"Compounded SOFR" means the compounded average of SOFRs for the applicable 
Corresponding Tenor, with the rate, or methodology for this rate, and conventions for 
this rate (which will be compounded in arrears with a lookback and/or suspension 
period as a mechanism to determine the amount payable prior to the end of each relevant 
period) being established by the Issuer or its designee in accordance with: 
(i) 
the rate, or methodology for this rate, and conventions for this rate selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for determining 
compounded SOFR; provided that:

--- Page 486 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 486 - 
47-41009328 
 
(ii) 
if, and to the extent that, the Issuer or its designee determines that Compounded 
SOFR cannot be determined in accordance with clause (i) above, then the rate, 
or methodology for this rate, and conventions for this rate that have been 
selected by the Issuer or its designee giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted market practice for U.S. dollar denominated floating rate notes at such 
time. 
"Corresponding Tenor" with respect to a Benchmark Replacement means a tenor 
(including overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding business day 
adjustment) as the applicable tenor for the then-current Benchmark. 
"Federal Reserve Bank of New York's Website" means the website of the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source. 
"Interpolated Benchmark" with respect to the Benchmark means the rate determined 
for the Corresponding Tenor by interpolating on a linear basis between: (1) the 
Benchmark for the longest period (for which the Benchmark is available) that is shorter 
than the Corresponding Tenor and (2) the Benchmark for the shortest period (for which 
the Benchmark is available) that is longer than the Corresponding Tenor. 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or 
supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate 
derivatives published from time to time. 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment, (which may be a positive 
or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the 
ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event 
with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor. 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index 
cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the 
applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment. 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (1) if 
the Benchmark is U.S. dollar LIBOR, 11:00 a.m. (London time) on the day that is two 
London banking days preceding the date of such determination, and (2) if the 
Benchmark is not U.S. dollar LIBOR, the time determined by the Issuer or its designee 
in accordance with the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the 
Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor 
thereto. 
"SOFR" with respect to any day means the secured overnight financing rate published 
for such day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of the 
benchmark, (or a successor administrator) on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York's 
Website.

--- Page 487 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 487 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Term SOFR" means the forward-looking term rate for the applicable Corresponding 
Tenor based on SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant 
Governmental Body. 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement 
excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
11. 
ISDA DETERMINATION 
If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Underlying Reference Rate is to be determined, the Underlying Reference Rate will 
be the relevant Underlying ISDA Rate determined by the Calculation Agent. For the 
purposes of these Interest Rate Linked Conditions, the "Underlying ISDA Rate" 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would 
be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the 
Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent (as defined under the ISDA 
Definitions) for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
(b) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(c) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
12. 
MINIMUM UNDERLYING INTEREST RATE OR MAXIMUM UNDERLYING 
INTEREST RATE 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Underlying Interest Rate, then, in 
the event that the Underlying Interest Rate is less than such Minimum Underlying 
Interest Rate, the Underlying Interest Rate shall be such Minimum Underlying Interest 
Rate. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Underlying Interest Rate, then, in 
the event that the Underlying Interest Rate is greater than such Maximum Underlying 
Interest Rate, the Underlying Interest Rate shall be such Maximum Underlying Interest 
Rate. 
13. 
AUTOMATIC EARLY REDEMPTION 
For the purposes of the Notes, if "Automatic Early Redemption" is specified as being 
applicable in the Final Terms, Base Condition 4 of the Base Conditions shall be 
amended by the addition of a new Condition 4(o) as follows: 
"(o) 
Automatic Early Redemption: 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if on any Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date or during any Observation Period the 
Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, then the Notes will be automatically

--- Page 488 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 488 - 
47-41009328 
 
redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the Automatic Early Redemption Date 
immediately following such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or (in 
the case of the occurrence of an Automatic Early Redemption Event during an 
Observation Period) on the date that is five Business Days (or such other period 
as is specified in the applicable Final Terms) following the occurrence of such 
Automatic Early Redemption Event, and in any such case the Final Redemption 
Amount payable by the Issuer on such date upon redemption of each Note shall 
be an amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Amount.". 
14. 
DEFINITIONS 
For the purposes of the terms and conditions of the Notes, the following terms shall 
have the meanings set out below: 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means, if "Automatic Early Redemption" is 
specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, (a) an amount specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount is specified, (b) an amount per Specified 
Denomination equal to the product of (i) the Specified Denomination and (ii) the 
relevant Automatic Early Redemption Rate. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date(s)" means, if "Automatic Early Redemption" is 
specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, each of the date(s) specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" means, if "Automatic Early Redemption" is 
specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, (unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) that the Final Price is, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less 
than or equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption Price. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Price" means, if "Automatic Early Redemption" is 
specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the Final Price specified as such or 
otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Rate" means, in respect of any Automatic Early 
Redemption Date and if "Automatic Early Redemption" is specified as being applicable 
in the Final Terms, the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date(s)" means, if "Automatic Early 
Redemption" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, each of the date(s) 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if any such Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day. 
"Averaging Dates" means each of the dates set forth in the Final Terms, if any, or if 
any such date is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day. 
"Interest Averaging Dates" means each of the dates set forth in the Final Terms, if 
any, or if any such date is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day. 
"Reference Item" is the reference item specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 489 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 489 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means, with respect to any Underlying Interest Rate to 
be determined on an Underlying Interest Determination Date, the financial centre as 
may be specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a 
particular information service (including, but not limited to, Reuters) as may be 
specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Relevant Time" means, with respect to any Underlying Interest Determination Date, 
the local time in the Relevant Financial Centre specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Strike Date" means the date (if any) specified as such in the Final Terms, or if such 
date is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day. 
"Underlying Interest Determination Date" means the date or the dates specified as 
such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Underlying Interest Rate" means the value of the Underlying Reference Rate 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with Interest Rate Linked 
Conditions 4 or 5 above, as the case may be, plus or minus the (as indicated in the Final 
Terms) the Underlying Margin. 
"Underlying Margin" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"Underlying Reference Rate" means the reference rate specified in the Final Terms as 
being the relevant Reference Item, or in respect of any Reference Item constituted by a 
Basket, one of the Components thereof. 
"Valuation Date" means the date (if any) specified as such in the Final Terms, or if 
such date is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day. 
"Valuation Time" means the time specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 490 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 490 - 
47-41009328 
 
CHAPTER 11 – FX LINKED NOTES 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF NOTES LINKED TO FX RATES 
The following terms and conditions apply to Notes linked to foreign exchange rates issued by 
the Issuer and comprise the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out in Chapter 2 (the "Base 
Conditions"), the specific terms and conditions set out below (the "FX Linked Conditions"), 
any of the specific terms and conditions set out in Chapters 3, 4, 5, 7, 8 9, 10 and 12 (if 
applicable and so specified in the relevant Final Terms) and the specific terms and conditions 
for Physical Delivery Notes set out in Chapter 13 (if applicable), in each case subject to 
completion and/or amendment in the applicable Final Terms. The Final Terms shall comprise 
the general form of Final Terms set out in Part 2 of Chapter 2, completed to reflect the particular 
terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. In the event of any inconsistency between the Base 
Conditions and the FX Linked Conditions, the FX Linked Conditions set out below shall 
prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Base Conditions and/or the FX Linked 
Conditions and (ii) the Final Terms, the Final Terms shall prevail. 
1. 
FINAL REDEMPTION 
Subject to any applicable automatic redemption and/or early redemption and/or put 
options and/or call options set forth in the Final Terms not having occurred prior to any 
applicable date specified therein, on the Maturity Date the Issuer shall pay the Final 
Redemption Amount, which shall be an amount payable per Note in the Relevant 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the applicable Final 
Redemption Formula specified in the Final Terms, for which purposes: 
"Final Valuation Date" means the date indicated as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Initial Valuation Date" means the date (if any) indicated as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Settlement Price" means the Currency Price. 
2. 
INTEREST 
Subject to any applicable automatic redemption and/or early redemption and/or put 
options and/or call options set forth in the Final Terms not having occurred prior to any 
applicable date specified therein, for the purposes of Base Condition 3(f) of the Base 
Conditions, the Interest Amount payable per Note on the relevant Interest Payment Date 
shall be an amount in the Relevant Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the applicable Structured Rate Formula specified in the Final Terms, 
for which purposes: 
"Interest Settlement Price" means the Currency Price. 
3. 
DEFINITIONS 
"Averaging Cut-Off Date" means, in respect of an Averaging Date, the fifth FX 
Business Day immediately following the original date on which the final Averaging 
Date was scheduled to fall, or, if earlier, the FX Business Day falling on or immediately 
preceding the second Business Day immediately preceding the date on which payment 
of any amount or delivery of any assets may have to be made pursuant to any calculation

--- Page 491 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 491 - 
47-41009328 
 
or determination made on such Averaging Date, provided that the Averaging Cut-Off 
Date shall not fall prior to the original date on which such final Averaging Date was 
scheduled to fall. 
"Averaging Date" means each Averaging Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
or, if that is not an FX Business Day the first following day which is an FX Business 
Day, or, if earlier the Averaging Cut-Off Date (such day, the "Scheduled Averaging 
Date" corresponding to such Averaging Date). If an Averaging Date falls on the 
Averaging Cut-Off Date, then, subject to the applicable Final Terms, the next applicable 
Disruption Fallback specified as a consequence of an FX Market Disruption Event shall 
apply (as if an FX Market Disruption Event had occurred), or, if none is specified, 
Calculation Agent Determination shall be deemed to apply. 
"Base Currency" means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Calculation Agent Determination" means, in respect of a Currency Price and any 
relevant day, that such Currency Price for such relevant day (or a method for 
determining such Currency Price) will be determined by the Calculation Agent taking 
into consideration all available information that in good faith it deems relevant. 
"Currency Price" means, in relation to each Note, the Currency Price specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, or if not so specified in the applicable Final Terms, in respect 
of each Subject Currency, an amount equal to the spot rate of exchange appearing on 
the FX Price Source at the Valuation Time on the relevant date for the exchange of such 
Subject Currency into the Base Currency (expressed as the number of units (or part 
units) of the Subject Currency for which one unit of the Base Currency can be 
exchanged). 
"Currency-Reference Dealers" means, in respect of any relevant day, that the 
Calculation Agent will request each of the Reference Dealers to provide a quotation of 
its rate at which it will buy one unit of the Base Currency in units of the Subject 
Currency at the applicable Valuation Time on such relevant day. If, for any such rate, 
at least two quotations are provided, the relevant rate will be the arithmetic mean of the 
quotations. If fewer than two quotations are provided for any such rate, the relevant rate 
will be the arithmetic mean of the relevant rates quoted by major banks in the relevant 
market, selected by the Calculation Agent at or around the applicable Valuation Time 
on such relevant day. 
"Disruption Fallback" means, in respect of a Currency Price, Calculation Agent 
Determination, Currency-Reference Dealers, EM Fallback Valuation Postponement, 
EM Valuation Postponement, Fallback Reference Price, Other Published Sources 
and/or Postponement. The applicable Disruption Fallback in respect of a Currency Price 
shall be as specified in the applicable Final Terms, and if two or more Disruption 
Fallbacks are specified, unless otherwise provided in the Final Terms, such Disruption 
Fallbacks shall apply in the order specified in the applicable Final Terms, such that if 
the Calculation Agent determines that the Currency Price cannot be determined by 
applying one Disruption Fallback, then the next Disruption Fallback specified shall 
apply. 
"Fallback Reference Price(s)" means, in respect of a Currency Price, that the Currency 
Price for the relevant date will be the alternate price source(s) specified in the applicable

--- Page 492 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 492 - 
47-41009328 
 
Final Terms for such Currency Price, applied in the order specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"FX Business Day" means, in respect of a Currency Price, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits), or but for the 
occurrence of an FX Market Disruption Event in respect of such Currency Price would 
have settled payments and been open for general business, in each of the Specified 
Financial Centers for such Currency Price, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"FX Disrupted Day" means any FX Business Day on which a FX Market Disruption 
Event occurs. 
"FX Market Disruption Event" means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Currency Price, the occurrence or existence, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, of any FX Price Source 
Disruption and/or any FX Trading Suspension or Limitation and/or, if specified 
as applicable in the Final Terms, any Inconvertibility Event; and 
(b) 
if the applicable Final Terms provides that the EM Currency Provisions shall 
apply to a Currency Price, in respect of such Currency Price, the occurrence or 
existence, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion, of any FX Price Source Disruption, Price Materiality Event and/or, 
if specified as applicable in the Final Terms, any Inconvertibility Event and/or 
Non-Transferability Event. 
"FX Price Source(s)" means, in respect of a Currency Price, the price source(s) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms for such Currency Price, or if the relevant rate 
is not published or announced by such FX Price Source at the relevant time, the 
successor or alternative price source or page/publication for the relevant rate as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. 
"FX Price Source Disruption" means it becomes impossible or otherwise 
impracticable to obtain and/or execute the relevant rate(s) required to calculate the 
Currency Price on the Averaging Date or Valuation Date or other relevant date, or, if 
different, the day on which rates for that Averaging Date or Valuation Date or other 
relevant date, as the case may be, would in the ordinary course be published or 
announced by the relevant FX Price Source. 
"FX Trading Suspension or Limitation" means the suspension of and/or limitation of 
trading in the rate(s) required to calculate the relevant Currency Price in the Interbank 
Market provided that such suspension or limitation of trading is material in the opinion 
of the Calculation Agent. 
"Inconvertibility Event" means the occurrence, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, of any action, event or circumstance 
whatsoever which, from a legal or practical perspective: 
(a) 
has the direct or indirect effect of hindering, limiting or restricting (i) the 
convertibility of the relevant Subject Currency into the Base Currency, or (ii)

--- Page 493 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 493 - 
47-41009328 
 
the transfer of the Subject Currency or the Base Currency to countries other than 
the countries for which the Subject Currency or the Base Currency, as the case 
may be, is the lawful currency (including without limitation, by way of any 
delays, increased costs or discriminatory rates of exchange or any current or 
future restrictions); and/or 
(b) 
results in the unavailability of any relevant Base Currency or Subject Currency 
in the interbank foreign exchange market in any Specified Financial Centre(s) 
in accordance with normal commercial practice. 
"Interbank Market" means the over-the-counter foreign exchange spot market open 
continuously from and including 5.00 a.m., Sydney time, on a Monday in any week to 
and including 5.00 p.m., New York time, on the Friday of such week. 
"Maximum Days of Postponement" means five (5) FX Business Days or such other 
number of FX Business Days (or other type of days) as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Non-Transferability Event" means the occurrence, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, of any event that generally makes it impossible 
to deliver (a) the Base Currency from accounts inside the Subject Currency Jurisdiction 
to accounts outside the Subject Currency Jurisdiction or (b) the Subject Currency 
between accounts inside the Subject Currency Jurisdiction or to a party that is a non-
resident of the Subject Currency Jurisdiction. 
"Other Published Sources" means, in respect of any relevant day, that the Calculation 
Agent will determine the Currency Price on such relevant day on the basis of the 
exchange rate for one unit of the Base Currency in terms of the Subject Currency 
published by available recognised financial information vendors (as selected by the 
Calculation Agent) other than the applicable FX Price Source, at or around the 
applicable Valuation Time on such relevant day. 
"Postponement" means, in respect of a Valuation Date or an Averaging Date, if such 
day (or, if applicable, if the original day on which such Valuation Date or an Averaging 
Date, as the case may be, is scheduled to fall (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
is postponed on account of such original day not being an FX Business Day, such 
postponed day) is an FX Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
where the FX Linked Notes relate to a single Currency Price, such Valuation 
Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, shall be the first succeeding FX 
Business Day that is not an FX Disrupted Day, unless the Calculation Agent 
determines that each of the consecutive FX Business Days equal in number to 
the Maximum Days of Postponement immediately following such Scheduled 
Valuation Date or Scheduled Averaging Date, as the case may be, is an FX 
Disrupted Day. In that case, (i) that last consecutive FX Business Day shall be 
deemed to be the Valuation Date or the Averaging Date, as the case may be 
(notwithstanding the fact that such day may be an FX Disrupted Day) and (ii) 
the next applicable Disruption Fallback shall apply; or 
(b) 
where the FX Linked Notes relate to a Basket of Currency Prices, such 
Valuation Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, for each Currency Price

--- Page 494 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 494 - 
47-41009328 
 
not affected by the occurrence of an FX Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled 
Valuation Date or Scheduled Averaging Date, as the case may be, and the 
Valuation Date for each Currency Price affected (each an "Affected Currency 
Price") by the occurrence of an FX Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding 
FX Business Day that is not an FX Disrupted Day relating to the Affected 
Currency Price, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the 
consecutive FX Business Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of 
Postponement immediately following such Scheduled Valuation Date or 
Scheduled Averaging Date, as the case may be, is an FX Disrupted Day. In that 
case for each Affected Currency Price, (i) that last consecutive FX Business 
Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date or the Averaging Date, as the 
case may be (notwithstanding the fact that such day may be an FX Disrupted 
Day) and (ii) the next applicable Disruption Fallback shall apply. 
"Price Materiality Event" means, in respect of a Currency Price and a Valuation Date, 
Averaging Date or other relevant date, that the FX Price Source differs from the 
Fallback Reference Price by at least the Price Materiality Percentage (and if both an FX 
Price Source Disruption and a Price Materiality Event occur or exist on any day, it shall 
be deemed that an FX Price Source Disruption and not a Price Materiality Event 
occurred or existed on such day). 
"Price Materiality Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Dealers" means, in respect of each Subject Currency, four leading dealers 
in the relevant foreign exchange market, as determined by the Calculation Agent (or 
any other number of dealers as specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
"Specified Financial Centre(s)" means the financial centre(s) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Subject Currency" means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Subject Currency Jurisdiction" means the country for which the Subject Currency 
is the lawful currency. 
"Valuation Cut-Off Date" means, in respect of a Valuation Date, the fifth FX Business 
Day immediately following the original date on which such Valuation Date was 
scheduled to fall, or, if earlier, the FX Business Day falling on or immediately preceding 
the second Business Day immediately preceding the date on which payment of any 
amount or delivery of any assets may have to be made pursuant to any calculation or 
determination made on such Valuation Date, provided that the Valuation Cut-Off Date 
shall not fall prior to the original date on which such Valuation Date was scheduled to 
fall. 
"Valuation Date" means: 
(a) 
if the applicable Final Terms specifies that the EM Currency Provisions shall 
not apply to a Currency Price, each Valuation Date specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or if that is not an FX Business Day the first following day which

--- Page 495 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 495 - 
47-41009328 
 
is an FX Business Day, or, if earlier the Valuation Cut-Off Date (such day, the 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" corresponding to such Valuation Date). If a 
Valuation Date falls on the Valuation Cut-Off Date, then, subject to the 
applicable Final Terms, the first applicable Disruption Fallback specified as a 
consequence of an FX Market Disruption Event shall apply (as if an FX Market 
Disruption Event had occurred), or, if none is specified, Calculation Agent 
Determination shall be deemed to apply; or 
(b) 
if the applicable Final Terms specifies that the EM Currency Provisions shall 
apply to a Currency Price, each Valuation Date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (the "Scheduled Valuation Date" in respect of such Currency Price, if 
such day is an FX Business Day for such Currency Price, or if such day is not 
an FX Business Day only by reason of being an Unscheduled Holiday for such 
Currency Price), or the immediately preceding FX Business Day for such 
Currency Price, as determined by the Calculation Agent (the "Scheduled 
Valuation Date" in respect of such Currency Price, if such day is not an FX 
Business Day and is not an Unscheduled Holiday for such Currency Price), 
provided that such Valuation Date shall be subject to adjustment in accordance 
with Condition 3 and Condition 4 of these FX Linked Conditions. 
"Valuation Time" means the Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
4. 
CONSEQUENCES OF AN FX DISRUPTED DAY 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any Valuation Date or Averaging Date is an 
FX Disrupted Day, then the Currency Price for such Valuation Date or Averaging Date 
will be determined in accordance with the terms of the first applicable Disruption 
Fallback. The applicable Final Terms may provide that one or more Disruption 
Fallbacks may apply to any Valuation Date or Averaging Date and that such applicable 
Disruption Fallbacks may apply concurrently or sequentially, in such manner as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
5. 
EM CURRENCY PROVISIONS: UNSCHEDULED HOLIDAY 
(a) 
If the applicable Final Terms provides that the EM Currency Provisions shall 
apply to a Currency Price or Fallback Reference Price, as applicable, and any 
Valuation Date or Averaging Date, and that Unscheduled Holidays shall be 
applicable, then, if the Calculation Agent determines that the relevant Scheduled 
Valuation Date or Scheduled Averaging Date, as applicable (each, a 
"Scheduled Reference Date"), is an Unscheduled Holiday for such Currency 
Price or Fallback Reference Price, then the Valuation Date or Averaging Date 
shall be postponed to the first FX Business Day falling after the Scheduled 
Reference Date (the "Adjusted Scheduled Reference Date"), provided that if 
such first FX Business Day has not occurred on or before the last day of the 
Maximum Days of Deferral, then the next day after the Last Deferred Day that 
would have been an FX Business Day but for a Unscheduled Holiday shall be 
deemed to be the Adjusted Scheduled Reference Date. 
(b) 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings:

--- Page 496 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 496 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Last Deferred Day" means, in respect of any postponement by a number of 
days equal to the Maximum Days of Deferral, the last day to which such day is 
postponed. 
"Maximum Days of Deferral" means such number of calendar days (or other 
type of days) as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Unscheduled Holiday" means, in respect of a Currency Price or Fallback 
Reference Price, as applicable, a day that is not an FX Business Day and the 
market was not aware of such fact (by means of a public announcement or by 
reference to other publicly available information) until a time later than 9.00 
a.m., local time in the Specified Financial Centre in respect of such Currency 
Price or Fallback Reference Price, two FX Business Days prior to such day. 
6. 
EM CURRENCY PROVISIONS: EM VALUATION POSTPONEMENT 
If the applicable Final Terms provides that the EM Currency Provisions shall apply to 
a Currency Price (which term shall include, where the Final Terms provides that the 
prior applicable Disruption Fallback is "Fallback Reference Price", the Currency Price 
determined using the applicable Fallback Reference Price) and any Valuation Date or 
Averaging Date, and that EM Valuation Postponement shall be applicable, then, if the 
Calculation Agent determines that the relevant Scheduled Reference Date (if the 
Scheduled Reference Date is not an Unscheduled Holiday for the Currency Price) or 
the Adjusted Scheduled Reference Date (if the Scheduled Reference Date is an 
Unscheduled Holiday for the Currency Price) is an FX Disrupted Day, then such 
Valuation Date or Averaging Date shall be the first FX Business Day which is not an 
FX Disrupted Day unless an FX Market Disruption Event continues to exist (measured 
from such Scheduled Reference Date or Adjusted Scheduled Reference Rate, as 
applicable) for a consecutive number of calendar days equal to the Maximum Days of 
EM Valuation Postponement. In that case, the Currency Price will be determined on 
the next FX Business Day after the Maximum Days of EM Valuation Postponement in 
accordance with the next applicable Disruption Fallback as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Where: 
"Maximum Days of EM Valuation Postponement" means such number of calendar 
days (or other type of days) as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
7. 
EM 
CURRENCY 
PROVISIONS: 
EM 
FALLBACK 
VALUATION 
POSTPONEMENT 
If the applicable Final Terms provides that the EM Currency Provisions shall apply and 
that EM Fallback Valuation Postponement shall be applicable and where the Final 
Terms provides that the prior applicable Disruption Fallback is "Fallback Reference 
Price", if the Calculation Agent determines that the Currency Price (as determined by 
reference to the applicable Fallback Reference Price) is not available on (a) the first FX 
Business Day following the end of the Maximum Days of EM Valuation Postponement 
(where an FX Market Disruption Event has occurred or exists in respect of the Currency 
Price throughout the Maximum Days of EM Valuation Postponement) or (b) on the 
Adjusted Scheduled Reference Date (where the Adjusted Scheduled Reference Date

--- Page 497 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 497 - 
47-41009328 
 
falls after the Last Deferred Day) then the Valuation Date or Averaging Date shall be 
the first succeeding FX Business Day which is not an FX Disrupted Day in respect of 
the Currency Price unless an FX Market Disruption Event continues to exist throughout 
the Fallback Maximum Period of Postponement. In that case, the Currency Price will 
be determined on the Last Fallback Postponement Date in accordance with the next 
applicable Disruption Fallback. 
Where: 
"Fallback Maximum Period of Postponement" means the period commencing on, 
and including: 
(a) 
if an FX Market Disruption Event has occurred or exists in respect of the 
Currency Price throughout the Maximum Days of EM Valuation Postponement, 
the first FX Business Day following the end of the Maximum Days of EM 
Valuation Postponement; or 
(b) 
if the Adjusted Scheduled Reference Date falls after the Last Deferred Day, the 
Adjusted Scheduled Reference Date, and ending on, and including, the third FX 
Business Day (or such other day as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
following such date as specified in paragraphs (a) and (b) above, as applicable 
(such date, the "Last Fallback Postponement Date"). 
8. 
EM CURRENCY PROVISIONS: CUMULATIVE EVENTS 
If the applicable Final Terms provides that the EM Currency Provisions shall apply to 
a Currency Price and any Valuation Date or Averaging Date, and that Cumulative 
Events shall be applicable, then the total number of consecutive calendar days during 
which (a) such Valuation Date or Averaging Date is deferred due to an Unscheduled 
Holiday, (b) an EM Valuation Postponement shall occur in respect of such Valuation 
Date or Averaging Date, or (c) an EM Fallback Valuation Postponement shall occur in 
respect of such Valuation Date or Averaging Date (or any combination of (a), (b) and 
(c)), shall not exceed the Maximum Days of Cumulative Postponement in the 
aggregate. Accordingly, (i) if such Valuation Date or Averaging Date is postponed by 
the number of calendar days equal to the Maximum Days of Cumulative Postponement 
owing to an EM Valuation Postponement or EM Fallback Valuation Postponement (or 
both), and an Unscheduled Holiday shall have occurred or be continuing on the day 
following the relevant Last Postponed Day that otherwise would have been an FX 
Business Day, then such day shall be deemed to be such Valuation Date or Averaging 
Date and (ii) if such Valuation Date or Averaging Date is postponed by the number of 
calendar days equal to the Maximum Days of Cumulative Postponement owing to 
Unscheduled Holidays, and on the first day after the Last Postponed Day, an applicable 
FX Market Disruption Event shall have occurred or be continuing, then the Currency 
Price in respect of such Valuation Date or Averaging Date or other relevant date shall 
be determined in accordance with the next applicable Disruption Fallback. 
Where: 
"Last Postponed Day" means, in respect of any postponement by a number of days 
equal to the Maximum Days of Cumulative Postponement, the last day to which such 
day is postponed; and

--- Page 498 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 498 - 
47-41009328 
 
"Maximum Days of Cumulative Postponement" means such number of calendar 
days (or other type of days) as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
9. 
CORRECTIONS TO PUBLISHED AND DISPLAYED RATES 
(a) 
In any case where a Currency Price is based on information obtained from the 
Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any other financial information 
service, the Currency Price will be subject to the corrections, if any, to that 
information subsequently displayed by that source within one hour of the time 
when such rate is first displayed by such source, unless the Calculation Agent 
determines in its sole and absolute discretion that it is not practicable to take 
into account such correction. 
(b) 
Notwithstanding Condition 9(a) of these FX Linked Conditions, in any case 
where the Currency Price is based on information published or announced by 
any governmental authority in a relevant country, the Currency Price will be 
subject to the corrections, if any, to that information subsequently published or 
announced by that source within five calendar days of the relevant date, unless 
the Calculation Agent determines in its sole and absolute discretion that it is not 
practicable to take into account such correction. 
10. 
SUCCESSOR CURRENCY 
Where the applicable Final Terms specifies that "Successor Currency" is applicable in 
respect of a Currency Price, then: 
(a) 
each Subject Currency and Base Currency will be deemed to include any lawful 
successor currency to the Subject Currency or Base Currency (the "Successor 
Currency"); 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that on or after the Issue Date (or such other 
date as specified in the applicable Final Terms) but on or before any relevant 
date under the Notes on which an amount may be payable, a country has 
lawfully eliminated, converted, redenominated or exchanged its currency in 
effect on the Issue Date or any Successor Currency, as the case may be (the 
"Original Currency") for a Successor Currency, then for the purposes of 
calculating any amounts of the Original Currency or effecting settlement thereof, 
any Original Currency amounts will be converted to the Successor Currency by 
multiplying the amount of Original Currency by a ratio of Successor Currency 
to Original Currency, which ratio will be calculated on the basis of the exchange 
rate set forth by the relevant country of the Original Currency for converting the 
Original Currency into the Successor Currency on the date on which the 
elimination, conversion, redenomination or exchange took place, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. If there is more than one such date, the date closest to 
such relevant date will be selected (or such other date as may be selected by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion); 
(c) 
notwithstanding paragraph (b) above but subject to paragraph (d) below, the 
Calculation Agent may (to the extent permitted by the applicable law), in good 
faith and in its sole and absolute discretion, select such other exchange rate or 
other basis for the conversion of an amount of the Original Currency to the

--- Page 499 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 499 - 
47-41009328 
 
Successor Currency and, will make such adjustment(s) that it determines to be 
appropriate, if any, to any variable, calculation methodology, valuation, 
settlement, payment terms or any other terms in respect of the Notes to account 
for such elimination, conversion, redenomination or exchange of the Subject 
Currency or Base Currency, as the case may be; and 
(d) 
notwithstanding the foregoing provisions, with respect to any Subject Currency 
or Base Currency that is substituted or replaced by the Euro, the consequences 
of such substitution or replacement will be determined in accordance with 
applicable law. 
11. 
REBASING OF NOTES 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies that "Rebasing" is applicable, then if, on or prior 
to any Valuation Date or Averaging Date or any other relevant date, the Calculation 
Agent is unable to obtain a value for a Subject Currency (because the Subject Currency 
and/or Base Currency ceases to exist, or for any other reason other than a temporary 
disruption, as determined by the Calculation Agent), the Calculation Agent may rebase 
the Notes against another foreign exchange rate determined by the Calculation Agent, 
in its sole and absolute discretion, to be a comparable foreign exchange rate. If the 
Calculation Agent determines in its sole and absolute discretion that there is not such a 
comparable foreign exchange rate, the Issuer may take the action described in Condition 
12(a)(ii)(A) of these FX Linked Conditions, provided that the words "the Additional 
Disruption Event" in Condition 12(a)(ii)(A) of these FX Linked Conditions shall be 
deemed to be replaced with the words "the inability of the Calculation Agent to obtain 
a value for the Subject Currency". 
12. 
CONSEQUENCES OF AN ADDITIONAL DISRUPTION EVENT 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies that Additional Disruption Events shall be 
applicable, then: 
(a) 
following the determination by the Calculation Agent that an Additional 
Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may 
take the action described in (i) or (ii) below: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute 
discretion the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any of the 
other terms of the Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final 
Terms to account for the Additional Disruption Event and determine the 
effective date of that adjustment; or 
(ii) 
(A) in the case of Notes, give notice to Noteholders in accordance with 
Base Condition 12 and redeem all, but not less than all, of the Notes, 
each nominal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount being 
redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount; 
(b) 
upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the Issuer shall give 
notice as soon as practicable to the Holders in accordance with Base Condition 
12 stating the occurrence of the Additional Disruption Event giving details 
thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto provided that any

--- Page 500 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 500 - 
47-41009328 
 
failure to give, or non-receipt of, such notice will not affect the validity of the 
Additional Disruption Event; and 
(c) 
the following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means any of a Change in Law, a Hedging Disruption 
and/or an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Issue Date (or such other date as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) of the Notes (i) due to the adoption of or any change in 
any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (ii) due 
to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or 
regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation 
(including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines in 
good faith that (A) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant 
currency or asset, or (B) the Issuer or any affiliate(s) of the Issuer or any entity (or 
entities) acting on behalf of the Issuer engaged in any underlying or hedging 
transactions in respect of the Issuer's obligations under the Notes will incur a materially 
increased cost in performing its obligations in relation to the Notes (including, without 
limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse 
effect on its tax position). 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer or any entity (or entities) acting on behalf 
of the Issuer engaged in any underlying or hedging transactions in respect of the Issuer's 
obligations in relation to the Notes is unable, after using commercially reasonable 
efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of 
any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the currency or other price 
risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to or in connection 
with the relevant Notes, or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates or agents 
would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the 
Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to 
(i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the currency or other price risk of 
the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the relevant Notes, or 
(ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided 
that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration 
of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates or agents shall not be 
deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging.

--- Page 501 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 501 - 
47-41009328 
 
CHAPTER 12 – DUAL CURRENCY NOTES 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF NOTES LINKED TO CURRENCIES 
The following terms and conditions apply to Notes linked to currency exchange rates issued 
by the Issuer and comprise the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out in Chapter 2 (the 
"Base Conditions"), the specific terms and conditions set out below (the "Dual Currency 
Conditions"), any of the specific terms and conditions set out in Chapters 3, 4, 5, 7, 8 9, 10 
and 11 (if applicable and so specified in the relevant Final Terms) and the specific terms and 
conditions for Physical Delivery Notes set out in Chapter 13 (if applicable), in each case subject 
to completion and/or amendment in the applicable Final Terms. The Final Terms shall 
comprise the general form of Final Terms set out in Part 2 of Chapter 2, completed to reflect 
the particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. In the event of any inconsistency 
between the Base Conditions and the Dual Currency Conditions, the Dual Currency Conditions 
set out below shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Base Conditions 
and/or the Dual Currency Conditions and (ii) the Final Terms, the Final Terms shall prevail. 
1. 
FINAL REDEMPTION 
Subject to any applicable automatic redemption and/or early redemption and/or put 
options and/or call options set forth in the Final Terms not having occurred prior to any 
applicable date specified therein, on the Maturity Date the Issuer shall pay the Final 
Redemption Amount, which shall be an amount payable per Note in a currency (the 
Payment Currency) different from the Relevant Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the applicable Final Redemption Formula 
specified in the Final Terms, for which purposes: 
"Final Valuation Date" means the date indicated as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Initial Valuation Date" means the date (if any) indicated as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
2. 
INTEREST 
Subject to any applicable automatic redemption and/or early redemption and/or put 
options and/or call options set forth in the Final Terms not having occurred prior to any 
applicable date specified therein, for the purposes of Base Condition 3(m) of the Base 
Conditions, the Interest Amount payable per Note on the relevant Interest Payment Date 
shall be an amount in a currency (the Payment Currency) different from the Relevant 
Currency, determined by the Calculation Agent by applying the Reference Exchange 
Rate to the amount that would have been payable in the Relevant Currency. 
"Interest Settlement Price" means the Currency Price. 
3. 
DEFINITIONS 
Annex A to the 1998 FX and Currency Option Definitions is the annex a) that for 
part of the 1998 FX and Currency Option Definitions as of 25 September 2000 which 
contains currency and currency spot rate definitions and certain other related definitions 
and provisions for the calculation of the Reference Exchange Rate by the Calculation 
Agent.

--- Page 502 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 502 - 
47-41009328 
 
Cumulative Postponement Longstop Date means, in respect of any postponement by 
a number of days equal to the Maximum Days of Cumulative Postponement, the last 
day of such postponement. 
Currency Price means, in relation to each Note, the Currency Price specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, or if not so specified in the applicable Final Terms, in respect 
of each Relevant Currency, an amount equal to the spot rate of exchange appearing on 
the FX Price Source at the Valuation Time on the relevant date for the exchange of such 
Relevant Currency into the Payment Currency (expressed as the number of units (or 
part units) of the Relevant Currency for which one unit of the Payment Currency can 
be exchanged). 
Disruption Fallback means, in respect of the Reference Exchange Rate, Calculation 
Agent Determination, Currency Reference Dealers, EM Fallback Valuation 
Postponement, EM Valuation Postponement, Fallback Reference Price, Other 
Published Sources and Postponement. The applicable Disruption Fallback in respect of 
the Reference Exchange Rate shall be as specified in the applicable Final Terms, and if 
two or more Disruption Fallbacks are specified, unless otherwise provided in the 
applicable Final Terms, such Disruption Fallbacks shall apply in the order specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, such that if the Calculation Agent determines that the 
Reference Exchange Rate cannot be determined by applying the first specified 
Disruption Fallback, then the next specified Disruption Fallback shall apply. 
EM Fallback Valuation Longstop Date means, in respect of any postponement by a 
number of days equal to the Maximum Days of EM Valuation Fallback Postponement, 
the last day of such postponement. 
EM Valuation Longstop Date means, in respect of any postponement by a number of 
days equal to the Maximum Days of EM Valuation Postponement, the last day of such 
postponement. 
FX Business Day means, in relation to the Reference Exchange Rate, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits), 
or but for the occurrence of a FX Market Disruption Event would have settled payments 
and been open for general business in each of the Specified Financial Centers for the 
Reference Exchange Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
FX Disrupted Day means any day on which a FX Market Disruption Event occurs. 
FX Price Source(s) means the price source(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms 
for the Reference Exchange Rate or if the relevant rate is not published or announced 
by such FX Price Source at the relevant time, the successor or alternative price source 
or page or publication for the relevant rate as determined by the Calculation Agent in 
its sole and absolute discretion. 
Maximum Days of Cumulative Postponement means such number of calendar days 
(or other type of days) as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Maximum Days of EM Fallback Valuation Postponement means such number of 
calendar days (or other type of days) as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 503 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 503 - 
47-41009328 
 
Maximum Days of EM Valuation Postponement means such number of calendar 
days (or other type of days) as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Maximum Days of Postponement means the number of calendar days (or other type 
of days) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Maximum Days of Unscheduled Holiday Postponement means the number of 
calendar days (or other type of days) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Number of Rate Calculation Business Days means the number of Rate Calculation 
Business Days specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Rate Calculation Business Centre(s) means each business centre that is relevant for 
determining whether a day is a Rate Calculation Business Day, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, provided that if no business centre is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate Calculation Business Centre(s) shall be the Specified Financial 
Centers for the relevant currencies. 
Rate Calculation Business Day means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in the Rate 
Calculation Business Centre(s). 
Rate Calculation Date means, in respect of any Interest Payment Date or the Maturity 
Date or other date in which an Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption 
Amount or other amount is due, the day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if no day is specified as such, the day falling the Number of Rate Calculation 
Business Days prior to such Interest Payment Date, Maturity Date or other date (as the 
case may be), provided that if any such day is an Unscheduled Holiday (if applicable) 
or an FX Disrupted Day, the Rate Calculation Date shall be determined in accordance 
with Condition (iv) (FX Market Disruption Event Adjustment Provisions) and 
Condition (v) (EM Currency Provisions) below; 
Reference Dealers means, in respect of the relevant exchange market, four leading 
dealers in the relevant foreign exchange market, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
(or any other number of dealers as specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
Reference Exchange Rate means the spot rate of exchange of the Relevant Currency 
into the Payment Currency (expressed as the number of units (or part units) of the 
Payment Currency for which one unit of the Relevant Currency can be exchanged) 
appearing on the FX Price Source at the Valuation Time on the Rate Calculation Date 
or as calculated by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the Annex A to the 1998 FX and 
Currency Option Definitions. 
Specified Financial Centers means the financial centre(s) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Unscheduled Holiday means a day that is not an FX Business Day and the market was 
not aware of such fact (by means of a public announcement or by reference to other 
publicly available information) until a time later than 9.00 a.m., local time in the 
relevant Specified Financial Centre two FX Business Days prior to such day.

--- Page 504 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 504 - 
47-41009328 
 
Valuation Time means time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no 
time is specified as such, the time selected by the Calculation Agent. 
4. 
FX MARKET DISRUPTION EVENTS 
FX Market Disruption Event means in relation to the Reference Exchange Rate: 
(a) 
the occurrence or existence, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
and absolute discretion, of any FX Price Source Disruption and/or any FX 
Trading Suspension or Limitation and/or, if Currency Disruption Event is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, any Currency Disruption 
Event; and 
(b) 
if the applicable Final Terms provides that the EM Currency Provisions shall 
apply, the occurrence or existence, as determined by the Calculation Agent in 
its sole and absolute discretion, of any FX Price Source Disruption and/or any 
Price Materiality Event and/or, if Currency Disruption Event is specified as 
applicable in the Final Terms, any Currency Disruption Event. 
For which purpose: 
Currency Disruption Event means any of Inconvertibility, Non-Transferability and 
Dual Exchange Rate, each such term as defined below. 
Dual Exchange Rate means the occurrence of an event that splits any currency 
exchange rate specified for the Reference Exchange Rate into dual or multiple currency 
exchange rates; 
FX Price Source Disruption means (i) it becomes impossible or otherwise 
impracticable to obtain and/or execute the Reference Exchange Rate on the Rate 
Calculation Date or other relevant date or, if different, the day on which rates for that 
Rate Calculation Date would in the ordinary course be published or announced by the 
relevant FX Price Source and/or (ii) there is a failure by the relevant FX Price Source 
to publish any relevant price or rate; 
FX Trading Suspension or Limitation means the suspension of and/or limitation of 
trading in the rate(s) required to calculate the Reference Exchange Rate (which may be, 
without limitation, rates quoted on any over-the-counter or quotation-based market, 
whether regulated or unregulated) provided that such suspension or limitation of trading 
is material in the opinion of the Calculation Agent; 
Inconvertibility means the occurrence of any event that, from a legal or practical 
perspective, makes it or is likely to make it impossible and/or not reasonably practicable 
for the Issuer to convert one relevant currency into another through customary legal 
channels (including, without limitation, any event that has the direct or indirect effect 
of hindering, limiting or restricting convertibility by way of any delays, increased costs 
or discriminatory rates of exchange or any current or future restrictions on repatriations 
of one currency into another currency); 
Non-Transferability means, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion, the occurrence of any event in or affecting any relevant jurisdiction

--- Page 505 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 505 - 
47-41009328 
 
that makes it or is likely to make it impossible and/or not reasonably practicable for the 
issuer to deliver any relevant currency into a relevant account; 
Price Materiality Event means, in respect of the Reference Exchange Rate and the 
Rate Calculation Date that the FX Price Source differs from the Fallback Reference 
Price by at least the Price Materiality Percentage (and if both an FX Price Source 
Disruption and a Price Materiality Event occur or exist on any day, it shall be deemed 
that an FX Price Source Disruption and not a Price Materiality Event occurred or 
existed on such day); 
Price Materiality Percentage means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
5. 
FX MARKET DISRUPTION EVENT ADJUSTMENT PROVISIONS 
(a) 
Consequences of FX Disrupted Days 
Without prejudice to the provisions of Conditions (ii) and (iii) above, if the 
Calculation Agent determines that any Rate Calculation Date is an FX 
Disrupted Day, the Issuer may, in its sole and absolute discretion, direct the 
Calculation Agent to determine the Reference Exchange Rate in respect of such 
Rate Calculation Date in accordance with the terms of the applicable Disruption 
Fallback(s). The applicable Final Terms may provide that one or more 
Disruption Fallbacks may apply, and if two or more Disruption Fallbacks are 
specified, unless otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms, such 
Disruption Fallbacks shall apply in the order specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, such that if the Calculation Agent determines that the Reference 
Exchange Rate cannot be determined by applying the first specified Disruption 
Fallback, then the next specified Disruption Fallback shall apply. 
If "Unscheduled Holiday" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the references to "Rate Calculation Date" in the paragraph immediately 
above shall be deemed to mean the Rate Calculation Date as postponed in 
accordance with Condition (v)(a) (Unscheduled Holiday) below. 
(b) 
Disruption Fallbacks 
(A) 
Calculation Agent Determination 
Calculation Agent Determination means, in respect of a Reference 
Exchange Rate that is affected by the occurrence of an FX Disrupted 
Day and any relevant day, that such Reference Exchange Rate for such 
relevant day (or a method for determining such Reference Exchange 
Rate) will be determined by the Calculation Agent taking into 
consideration all available information that in good faith it deems 
relevant. 
(B) 
Currency Reference Dealers 
Currency Reference Dealers means, in respect of a Reference 
Exchange Rate that is affected by the occurrence of an FX Disrupted 
Day and any relevant day, that the Calculation Agent will request each

--- Page 506 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 506 - 
47-41009328 
 
of the Reference Dealers to provide a quotation of its rate at which it 
will buy one unit of the Relevant Currency in units of the Payment 
Currency at the applicable Valuation Time on such relevant day. If, for 
any such rate, at least two quotations are provided, the relevant rate will 
be the arithmetic mean of the quotations. If fewer than two quotations 
are provided for any such rate, the relevant rate will be the arithmetic 
mean of the relevant rates quoted by major banks in the relevant market, 
selected by the Calculation Agent at or around the applicable Valuation 
Time on such relevant day. 
(C) 
Fallback Reference Price 
Fallback Reference Price means, in respect of a Reference Exchange 
Rate that is affected by an FX Disrupted Day, that the Calculation Agent 
will determine the Reference Exchange Rate in respect of such FX 
Disrupted Day pursuant to the alternate FX Price Source(s) specified as 
Fallback Reference Price(s) in the applicable Final Terms, applied in the 
order specified in the applicable Final Terms until a rate has been 
determined or all Fallback Reference Price(s) have been used. 
(D) 
Other Published Sources 
Other Published Sources means, in respect of a Reference Exchange 
Rate that is affected by an FX Disrupted Day, that the Calculation Agent 
will determine such Reference Exchange Rate on such FX Disrupted 
Day on the basis of the exchange rate for one unit of the Relevant 
Currency in terms of the Payment Currency published by available 
recognised financial information vendors (as selected by the Calculation 
Agent) other than the applicable FX Price Source, at or around the 
applicable Valuation Time on such relevant day. 
(E) 
Postponement 
Postponement means, in respect of a Rate Calculation Date, if such day 
(or, if applicable, if the original date on which such Rate Calculation 
Date is scheduled to fall is postponed on account of such original day 
not being a FX Business Day, such postponed day) is an FX Disrupted 
Day, then such Rate Calculation Date shall be the first succeeding FX 
Business Day that is not an FX Disrupted Day, unless the Calculation 
Agent determines that each of the consecutive FX Business Days equal 
in number to the Maximum Days of Postponement immediately 
following such Rate Calculation Date is an FX Disrupted Day. In that 
case (i) the last consecutive FX Business Day shall be deemed to be the 
Rate Calculation Date (notwithstanding the fact that such day may be an 
FX Disrupted Day) and (ii) the next applicable Disruption Fallback shall 
apply.

--- Page 507 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 507 - 
47-41009328 
 
6. 
EM CURRENCY PROVISIONS 
(a) 
Unscheduled Holiday 
If "Unscheduled Holiday" is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms in respect of the Reference Exchange Rate, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that a Rate Calculation Date is an Unscheduled Holiday in respect 
of the Reference Exchange Rate, then the Rate Calculation Date in respect of 
such Reference Exchange Rate shall be the first succeeding FX Business Day 
which is not an Unscheduled Holiday, unless the Calculation Agent determines 
that such first FX Business Day has not occurred on or before the date falling 
the Maximum Days of Unscheduled Holiday Postponement immediately 
following such Rate Calculation Date. In that case, the next day after that period 
that would be an FX Business Day but for an Unscheduled Holiday shall be 
deemed to be the Rate Calculation Date (such date, the Adjusted Rate 
Calculation Date). 
(b) 
Additional Disruption Fallbacks 
In addition to the Disruption Fallbacks set out in Condition (iv)(b) (FX Market 
Disruption Event Adjustment Provisions – Disruption Fallbacks) above, the 
applicable Final Terms may also specify any of the following additional 
Disruption Fallbacks to apply in respect of a Reference Exchange Rate: 
(A) 
EM Valuation Postponement 
EM Valuation Postponement means, in respect of a Reference 
Exchange Rate (which term shall include, where the applicable Final 
Terms provide that the prior applicable Disruption Fallback is "Fallback 
Reference Price", the Reference Exchange Rate determined using the 
applicable Fallback Reference Price), that if the Calculation Agent 
determines that any Rate Calculation Date is an FX Disrupted Day in 
respect of such Reference Exchange Rate, then the Rate Calculation 
Date shall be the first FX Business Day which is not an FX Disrupted 
Day, unless the Calculation Agent determines that no such FX Business 
Day has occurred on or before the Maximum Days of EM Valuation 
Postponement immediately following such Rate Calculation Date. In 
that case, the next FX Business Day after the EM Valuation Longstop 
Date shall be deemed to be the Rate Calculation Date (notwithstanding 
the fact that such day may be an FX Disrupted Day) and the next 
Disruption Fallback specified in the applicable Final Terms in respect of 
such Reference Exchange Rate shall apply. 
(B) 
EM Fallback Valuation Postponement 
EM Fallback Valuation Postponement means, in respect of a 
Reference Exchange Rate (which term shall include, where the 
applicable Final Terms provide that the prior applicable Disruption 
Fallback is "Fallback Reference Price", the Reference Exchange Rate 
determined using the applicable Fallback Reference Price), that if the 
Calculation Agent determines that the Reference Exchange Rate (as

--- Page 508 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 508 - 
47-41009328 
 
determined by reference to the applicable Fallback Reference Price) is 
not available on (a) the first FX Business Day following the end of the 
Maximum Days of EM Valuation Postponement (where an FX Market 
Disruption Event has occurred or exists in respect of the Reference 
Exchange Rate throughout the Maximum Days of EM Valuation 
Postponement) or (b) the Adjusted Rate Calculation Date (as defined in 
Condition (v)(a) above), then the Rate Calculation Date shall be the first 
succeeding FX Business Day which is not an FX Disrupted Day, unless 
the Calculation Agent determines that no such FX Business Day has 
occurred on or before the Maximum Days of EM Fallback Valuation 
Postponement immediately following such first FX Business Day 
following the end of the Maximum Days of EM Valuation 
Postponement or the Adjusted Rate Calculation Date, as the case may 
be. In that case, the next FX Business Day after the EM Fallback 
Valuation Longstop Date shall be deemed to be the Rate Calculation 
Date (notwithstanding the fact that such day may be an FX Disrupted 
Day) and the next Disruption Fallback specified in the applicable Final 
Terms in respect of such Reference Exchange Rate shall apply. 
(c) 
Cumulative Events 
If Cumulative Events is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms in respect of a Reference Exchange Rate (which term shall include, 
where the applicable Final Terms provide that the prior applicable Disruption 
Fallback is "Fallback Reference Price", the Reference Exchange Rate 
determined using the applicable Fallback Reference Price), then the total 
number of consecutive calendar days during which such Rate Calculation Date 
is deferred due to (i) an Unscheduled Holiday, (ii) an EM Valuation 
Postponement or (iii) an EM Fallback Valuation Postponement (or any 
combination of (i), (ii) and (iii)), shall not exceed the Maximum Days of 
Cumulative Postponement in the aggregate. 
Accordingly, if by the operation of the paragraph immediately above, a Rate 
Calculation Date is postponed by the number of calendar days equal to the 
Maximum Days of Cumulative Postponement, then such Rate Calculation Date 
shall be the Cumulative Longstop Date. If such Cumulative Postponement 
Longstop Date is an FX Disrupted Day or an Unscheduled Holiday, then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the Reference Exchange Rate in respect of 
such Cumulative Postponement Longstop Date in accordance with the next 
applicable Disruption Fallback. 
7. 
CORRECTION TO PUBLISHED AND DISPLAYED RATES 
In any case where the Reference Exchange Rate is based on information obtained from 
the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any other financial information service, 
the Reference Exchange Rate will be subject to the corrections, if any, to that 
information subsequently displayed by that source within one hour of the time when 
such rate is first displayed by such source, unless the Calculation Agent determines in 
its sole and absolute discretion that it is not practicable to take into account such 
correction.

--- Page 509 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 509 - 
47-41009328 
 
8. 
SUCCESSOR CURRENCY 
Where the applicable Final Terms specifies that "Successor Currency" is applicable in 
respect of the Reference Exchange Rate, then: 
(a) 
each Relevant Currency and Payment Currency will be deemed to include any 
lawful successor currency to the Relevant Currency or Payment Currency (the 
Successor Currency); 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that on or after the Issue Date but on or 
before any relevant date on which an amount may be payable in respect of Dual 
Currency Notes, a country has lawfully eliminated, converted, redenominated 
or exchanged its currency in effect on the Issue Date or any Successor Currency, 
as the case may be (the Original Currency) for a Successor Currency, then for 
the purposes of calculating any amounts of the Original Currency or effecting 
settlement thereof, any Original Currency amounts will be converted to the 
Successor Currency by multiplying the amount of Original Currency by a ratio 
of Successor Currency to Original Currency, which ratio will be calculated on 
the basis of the exchange rate set forth by the relevant country of the Original 
Currency for converting the Original Currency into the Successor Currency on 
the date on which the elimination, conversion, redenomination or exchange took 
place, as determined by the Calculation Agent. If there is more than one such 
date, the date closest to such relevant date will be selected (or such other date 
as may be selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion); 
(c) 
notwithstanding paragraph (b) above but subject to paragraph (d) below, the 
Calculation Agent may (to the extent permitted by the applicable law), in good 
faith and in its sole and absolute discretion, select such other exchange rate or 
other basis for the conversion of an amount of the Original Currency to the 
Successor Currency and, will make such adjustment(s) that it determines to be 
appropriate, if any, to any variable, calculation methodology, valuation, 
settlement, payment terms or any other terms in respect of the Securities to 
account for such elimination, conversion, redenomination or exchange of the 
Relevant Currency or Payment Currency, as the case may be; and 
(d) 
notwithstanding the foregoing provisions, with respect to any Relevant 
Currency or Payment Currency that is substituted or replaced by the Euro, the 
consequences of such substitution or replacement will be determined in 
accordance with applicable law.

--- Page 510 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 510 - 
47-41009328 
 
CHAPTER 13 – PHYSICAL DELIVERY NOTES 
GENERAL TERMS FOR PHYSICAL DELIVERY NOTES 
The terms and conditions applicable to Physical Delivery Notes issued by the Issuer shall 
comprise the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out in Chapter 2 (the "Base Conditions"), 
the specific terms and conditions set out in Chapters 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 9, 10 and 11 (as applicable) 
and the specific terms and conditions set out below (the "Physical Delivery Notes 
Conditions"), in each case subject to completion and/or amendment in the applicable Final 
Terms. The Final Terms shall comprise the general form of Final Terms set out in Part 2 of 
Chapter 2, completed to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. In the 
event of any inconsistency between the Base Conditions and the Physical Delivery Notes 
Conditions, the Physical Delivery Notes Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any 
inconsistency between (i) the Base Conditions and/or the Physical Delivery Notes Conditions; 
and (ii) the Final Terms, the Final Terms shall prevail. 
1. 
APPLICABILITY 
These Physical Delivery Notes Conditions shall not apply in respect of Credit Linked 
Notes (in respect of which physical settlement should be governed by Condition 5 of 
the Credit Linked Notes Conditions). 
2. 
FINAL REDEMPTION AND MATURITY DATE 
Base Condition 4(b) (Redemption, Purchase and Options) shall not apply and instead 
the provisions of this Physical Delivery Note Condition 2 shall apply. 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below in accordance 
with Base Condition 4(f) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) or Base Condition 
4(g) (Redemption at the option of holders of Notes) or unless its maturity is extended 
pursuant to an option of the Issuer or holders of Notes, each Note will be redeemed by 
delivery of the Entitlement (subject as provided below) specified in or determined in 
the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms on the Maturity Date. 
3. 
DELIVERY OF ENTITLEMENT AND ASSET TRANSFER NOTICES 
In order to obtain delivery of the Entitlement(s) in respect of any Note: 
(i) 
if such Note is represented by a Global Note, the relevant Holder must deliver 
to Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system (as applicable), with a copy to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer not later 
than the close of business in each place of reception on the Cut-Off Date, a duly 
completed Asset Transfer Notice substantially in the form set out in the Issue 
and Paying Agency Agreement (the "Asset Transfer Notice"); and 
(ii) 
if such Note is in definitive form, the relevant Holder must deliver to any Paying 
Agent, with a copy to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer not later than the close of 
business in each place of reception on the Cut-Off Date, a duly completed Asset 
Transfer Notice. 
Forms of the Asset Transfer Notice may be obtained during normal business hours from 
the specified office of any Paying Agent.

--- Page 511 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 511 - 
47-41009328 
 
An Asset Transfer Notice may only be delivered (i) if such Note is represented by a 
Global Note, in such manner as is acceptable to Euroclear and/or Clearstream 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, as the case may be or (ii) if 
such Note is in definitive form, in writing. 
If such Note is in definitive form, such Note must be delivered together with the duly 
completed Asset Transfer Notice. 
The Issuer shall at the risk of the relevant Holder deliver the Entitlement in respect of 
each Note in such commercially reasonable manner as the Issuer shall, in its sole 
discretion, determine to be appropriate for such delivery. 
All expenses including any applicable depositary charges, transaction or exercise 
charges, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax, issue, registration, securities, transfer 
and/or other taxes or duties (together "Expenses") arising from the redemption of the 
Notes and the delivery of any Entitlement shall be for the account of the relevant Holder 
and no delivery and/or transfer of any Entitlement shall be made until all Expenses have 
been paid to the satisfaction of the Issuer by the relevant Holder. 
An Asset Transfer Notice must: 
(i) 
specify the name, address and contact telephone number of the relevant Holder 
and the person from whom the Issuer may obtain details for the delivery of the 
Entitlement if such delivery is to be made otherwise than in the manner specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes represented by a Global Note, specify the nominal amount 
of Notes which are the subject of such notice and the number of the Holder's 
account at Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system, as the case may be, to be debited with such Notes and 
irrevocably instruct and authorise Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system, as the case may be, to debit the 
relevant Holder's account with such Notes on or before the Maturity Delivery 
Date (as defined below); 
(iii) 
include an undertaking to pay all Expenses and, in the case of Notes represented 
by a Global Note, an authority to debit a specified account of the Holder at 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system, as the case may be, in respect thereof and to pay such Expenses; 
(iv) 
include such details as are required by the applicable Final Terms for delivery 
of the Entitlement which may include account details and/or the name and 
address of any person(s) into whose name evidence of the Entitlement is to be 
registered and/or any bank, broker or agent to whom documents evidencing the 
Entitlement are to be delivered and specify the name and number of the Holder's 
account to be credited with any cash payable by the Issuer, in respect of any 
cash amount constituting the Entitlement or any dividends relating to the 
Entitlement, as a result of the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event or a 
Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity and the Issuer electing to pay the Disruption 
Cash Settlement Price or Failure to Deliver Settlement Price, as applicable;

--- Page 512 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 512 - 
47-41009328 
 
(v) 
certify that the beneficial owner of each Note is not a United States Person (as 
defined in the Asset Transfer Notice), the Note is not being redeemed within the 
United States or on behalf of a United States Person and no cash, securities or 
other property have been or will be delivered within the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, a United States Person in connection with any 
redemption thereof; and 
(vi) 
authorise the production of such notice in any applicable administrative or legal 
proceedings. 
No Asset Transfer Notice may be withdrawn after receipt thereof by Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a Paying Agent 
as provided above. After delivery of an Asset Transfer Notice, the relevant Holder may 
not transfer the Notes which are the subject of such notice. 
In the case of Notes represented by a Global Note, upon receipt of such notice, 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, 
as the case may be, shall verify that the person specified therein as the Holder is the 
holder of the specified nominal amount of Notes according to its books. 
Subject thereto, Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system, as the case may be, will confirm to the Fiscal Agent the series number 
and number of Notes the subject of such notice, the relevant account details (if 
applicable) and the details for the delivery of the Entitlement in respect of each such 
Note. Upon receipt of such confirmation, the Fiscal Agent will inform the Issuer 
thereof. Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system, as the case may be, will on or before the Maturity Delivery Date debit the 
securities account of the relevant Holder with the Notes the subject of the relevant Asset 
Transfer Notice. 
Failure properly to complete and deliver an Asset Transfer Notice may result in such 
notice being treated as null and void. Any determination as to whether such notice has 
been properly completed and delivered as provided in these Physical Delivery Notes 
Conditions shall be made, in the case of Notes represented by a Global Note, by 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, 
as the case may be, after consultation with the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer and shall be 
conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Holder or in the 
case of Notes in definitive form, by the relevant Paying Agent after consultation with 
the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer and shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and the relevant Holder. 
If such Asset Transfer Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, as the case 
may be, or the relevant Paying Agent, in each case in consultation with the Fiscal Agent 
and the Issuer, it shall be deemed to be a new Asset Transfer Notice submitted at the 
time such correction was delivered as provided above. 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system 
or the relevant Paying Agent, as applicable, shall use its best efforts promptly to notify 
the Holder submitting an Asset Transfer Notice if, in consultation with the Fiscal Agent 
and the Issuer, it has determined that such Asset Transfer Notice is incomplete or not

--- Page 513 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 513 - 
47-41009328 
 
in proper form. In the absence of negligence or willful misconduct on its part, none of 
the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Paying Agents, Euroclear and/or Clearstream 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or the Fiscal Agent shall be 
liable to any person with respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in 
connection with such determination or the notification of such determination to a 
Holder. 
The Entitlement will be delivered at the risk of the relevant Holder, in the manner 
provided above on the Maturity Date (such date, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with these Physical Delivery Notes Conditions, the "Maturity Delivery Date"), 
provided that the Asset Transfer Notice is duly delivered to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a Paying Agent, 
as the case may be, with a copy to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer, as provided above, 
not later than the close of business in each place of receipt on the Cut-Off Date. 
If an Asset Transfer Notice is delivered to Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system or a Paying Agent, as the case may be, with 
a copy to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer, later than the close of business in each place 
of receipt on the Cut-Off Date, then the Entitlement will be delivered as soon as 
practicable after the Maturity Date (in which case, such date of delivery shall be the 
Maturity Delivery Date) at the risk of such Holder in the manner provided above. For 
the avoidance of doubt, in such circumstances such Holder shall not be entitled to any 
payment, whether of interest or otherwise, as a result of such Maturity Delivery Date 
falling after the originally designated Maturity Date and no liability in respect thereof 
shall attach to the Issuer or the Guarantor. If in respect of a Note an Asset Transfer 
Notice is not delivered to Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system or a Paying Agent, as the case may be, with a copy to the Fiscal 
Agent and the Issuer, later than the close of business in each place of receipt on the 90th 
calendar day following the Cut-off Date the Issuer's obligations in respect of such Note 
and the Guarantor's obligations in respect of the Guarantee in respect of such Note shall 
be discharged and no further liability in respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer or the 
Guarantor. 
Delivery of the Entitlement in respect of the Notes is subject to all applicable laws, 
regulations and practices in force on the Maturity Delivery Date and none of the Issuer, 
the Guarantor or any of its Affiliates or agents and the Paying Agents shall incur any 
liability whatsoever if it is unable to effect the transactions contemplated, after using 
all reasonable efforts, as a result of any such laws, regulations or practices. None of the 
Issuer, the Guarantor or any of its Affiliates or agents and the Paying Agents shall under 
any circumstances be liable for any acts or defaults of Euroclear and/or Clearstream 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system in relation to the performance 
of their duties in relation to the Notes. 
For such period of time after the Maturity Delivery Date as any person other than the 
relevant Holder shall continue to be the legal owner of the securities, obligations 
comprising the Entitlement (the "Intervening Period"), none of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor nor any other such person shall (i) be under any obligation to deliver or 
procure delivery to the relevant Holder or any subsequent beneficial owner of such Note 
any letter, certificate, notice, circular or any other document or, except as provided 
herein, payment whatsoever received by that person in respect of such securities, 
obligations, (ii) be under any obligation to exercise or procure exercise of any or all

--- Page 514 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 514 - 
47-41009328 
 
rights (including voting rights) attaching to such securities, obligations during the 
Intervening Period or (iii) be under any liability to the relevant Holder, or any 
subsequent beneficial owner of such Note in respect of any loss or damage which the 
relevant Holder, or subsequent beneficial owner may sustain or suffer as a result, 
whether directly or indirectly, of that person being the legal owner of such securities, 
obligations or Deliverable Obligations during such Intervening Period. 
Where the Entitlement comprises shares, any dividend or other distribution in respect 
of such Entitlement will be payable to the party that would receive such dividend or 
other distribution according to market practice for a sale of the Share executed on the 
Maturity Delivery Date and to be delivered in the same manner as the Entitlement. Any 
such dividend or other distribution to be paid to a Holder shall be paid to the account 
specified in the relevant Asset Transfer Notice. 
Where the Entitlement is, in the determination of the Issuer, an amount other than an 
amount of Relevant Assets capable of being delivered, the Holders will receive an 
Entitlement comprising of the nearest number (rounded down) of Relevant Assets 
capable of being delivered by the Issuer (taking into account that a Holder's entire 
holding may be aggregated at the Issuer's discretion for the purpose of delivering the 
Entitlements), and in respect of the amount of Relevant Assets not capable of being 
delivered, an amount in the Relevant Currency which shall be the value of the amount 
of the Relevant Assets so rounded down, as calculated by the Calculation Agent in its 
sole discretion from such source(s) as it may select (converted if necessary into the 
Relevant Currency by reference to such exchange rate as the Calculation Agent deems 
appropriate). 
4. 
SETTLEMENT DISRUPTION EVENT 
The provisions of this Physical Delivery Note Condition 4 shall apply to Physical 
Delivery Notes. If, prior to the delivery of the Entitlement in accordance with these 
Physical Delivery Notes Conditions, a Settlement Disruption Event is subsisting, then 
the Maturity Delivery Date in respect of such Note shall be postponed until the next 
Settlement Business Day on which no Settlement Disruption Event is subsisting and 
notice thereof shall be given to the relevant Holder, in accordance with Base Condition 
12. Such Holder shall not be entitled to any payment, whether of interest or otherwise, 
on such Note as a result of any delay in the delivery of the Entitlement pursuant to these 
Physical Delivery Notes Conditions. Where delivery of the Entitlement has been 
postponed as provided in these Physical Delivery Notes Conditions the Issuer shall not 
be in breach of these Physical Delivery Notes Conditions and no liability in respect 
thereof shall attach to the Issuer or the Guarantor. 
For so long as delivery of the Entitlement in respect of any Note is not practicable by 
reason of a Settlement Disruption Event, then in lieu of physical settlement and 
notwithstanding any other provision hereof, the Issuer may elect in its sole discretion 
to satisfy its obligations in respect of the relevant Note by payment to the relevant 
Holder of the Disruption Cash Settlement Price not later than on the third Business Day 
following the date that the notice of such election (the "Election Notice") is given to 
the Holders in accordance with Base Condition 12.

--- Page 515 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 515 - 
47-41009328 
 
5. 
FAILURE TO DELIVER DUE TO ILLIQUIDITY 
If Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity is specified as applying in the applicable Final 
Terms and, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, it is impossible or impracticable to 
deliver, when due, some or all of the Relevant Assets comprising the Entitlement (the 
"Affected Relevant Assets"), where such failure to deliver is due to illiquidity in the 
market for the Relevant Assets (a "Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity"), then: 
(i) 
subject as provided elsewhere in the Physical Delivery Notes Conditions and/or 
the applicable Final Terms, any Relevant Assets which are not Affected 
Relevant Assets, will be delivered on the originally designated Maturity 
Delivery Date in accordance with the Physical Delivery Notes Conditions; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any Affected Relevant Assets, notwithstanding any other provision 
hereof, the Issuer may elect in its sole discretion, in lieu of delivery of the 
Affected Relevant Assets, to pay to the relevant Holder the Failure to Deliver 
Settlement Price (as defined below) on the fifth Business Day following the date 
the Failure to Deliver Notice (as defined below) is given to the Holders in 
accordance with Base Condition 12. The Issuer shall give notice (such notice a 
"Failure to Deliver Notice") as soon as reasonably practicable to the Holders 
in accordance with Base Condition 12 that the provisions of this Physical 
Delivery Note Condition 5 apply. 
6. 
OPTION TO VARY SETTLEMENT 
If the applicable Final Terms indicate that the Issuer has an option to vary settlement in 
respect of the Notes, the Issuer may at its sole and unfettered discretion in respect of 
each such Note, elect not to pay the relevant Holders the Final Redemption Amount or 
to deliver or procure delivery of the Entitlement to the relevant Holders, as the case 
may be, but, in lieu thereof to deliver or procure delivery of the Entitlement or make 
payment of the Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date to the relevant Holders, 
as the case may be. Notification of such election will be given to Holders in accordance 
with Condition 12. 
7. 
DEFINITIONS 
For the purposes of these Physical Delivery Notes Conditions: 
"Disruption Cash Settlement Price" means, in respect of each nominal amount of 
Notes equal to the Calculation Amount, an amount equal to the fair market value of 
such Notes (but not taking into account any interest accrued on such Note and paid 
pursuant to Base Condition 3 and Base Condition 5) on such day as shall be selected 
by the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion provided that such day is not more than 
15 calendar days before the date that the Election Notice is given as provided above 
less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates or agents of the Issuer of unwinding or 
adjusting any underlying or related hedging arrangements (including the cost of funding 
in respect of such hedging arrangements), all as calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
its sole and absolute discretion. 
"Entitlement" means, in relation to a Physical Delivery Note (other than a Credit 
Linked Note), the quantity of the Relevant Asset or the Relevant Assets, as the case

--- Page 516 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 516 - 
47-41009328 
 
may be, which a Holder is entitled to receive on the Maturity Delivery Date in respect 
of each such Note following payment of the Expenses, which quantity will be rounded 
down as provided in Physical Delivery Note Term 3, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent and includes any documents evidencing such Entitlement. 
"Failure to Deliver Settlement Price" means, in respect of each nominal amount of 
the Notes equal to the Calculation Amount, the fair market value of the Affected 
Relevant Assets in respect of such Notes on the fifth Business Day prior to the date on 
which the Failure to Deliver Notice is given as provided above, less the cost to the 
Issuer and/or its Affiliates or agents of unwinding or adjusting any underlying or related 
hedging arrangements (including the cost of funding in respect of such hedging 
arrangements), all as calculated by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion. 
"Settlement Disruption Event" means an event beyond the control of the Issuer or, if 
applicable, the Guarantor, as a result of which, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent 
or, if applicable, the Guarantor, delivery of the Entitlement by or on behalf of the Issuer 
or the Guarantor, as the case may be, in accordance with the Physical Delivery Notes 
Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms is not practicable.

--- Page 517 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 517 - 
47-41009328 
 
CHAPTER 14 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Provisions relating to Notes while in Global Form 
Clearing System Accountholders 
Each Global Note will be in bearer form. Consequently, in relation to any Tranche of Notes 
represented by a Global Note, references in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to 
"Noteholder" are references to the bearer of the relevant Global Note which, for so long as the 
Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary (in the case of a CGN) or a 
common safekeeper (in the case of an NGN) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or, as 
the case may be, common safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg and/or 
any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note (each an 
"Accountholder") must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg and/or such 
other relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each 
payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note and in relation to all other rights 
arising under the Global Note. The extent to which, and the manner in which, Accountholders 
may exercise any rights arising under the Global Note will be determined by the respective 
rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg and any other relevant clearing 
system from time to time. For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by the Global Note, 
Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due under 
the Notes and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the bearer of the 
Global Note. 
Exchange of Temporary Global Notes 
Whenever any interest in a Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a 
Permanent Global Note, the relevant Issuer shall procure: 
(a) 
in the case of first exchange, the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such 
Permanent Global Note, duly authenticated and (in the case of an NGN) effectuated, to 
the bearer of the Temporary Global Note; or 
(b) 
in the case of any subsequent exchange, an increase in the principal amount of such 
Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms, 
in each case in an aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate of the principal amounts 
specified in the certificates issued by Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system and received by the Fiscal Agent against presentation and (in 
the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global to or to the order of the Fiscal 
Agent within 7 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Whenever a Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the relevant Issuer 
shall procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly 
authenticated and with Coupons, Talons and Receipts attached (if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Temporary 
Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the surrender of the Temporary

--- Page 518 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 518 - 
47-41009328 
 
Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 45 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
a Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof 
increased by 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on the seventh day after the bearer of a 
Temporary Global Note has requested exchange of an interest in the Temporary Global 
Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note; or 
(b) 
Definitive Notes have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on the forty-
fifth day after the bearer of a Temporary Global Note has requested exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(c) 
a Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption 
of a Temporary Global Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the 
amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to 
the bearer of the Temporary Global Note in accordance with the terms of the Temporary 
Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note 
or increase the principal amount thereof or deliver Definitive Notes, as the case may be) will 
become void at 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on such seventh day (in the case of (a) above) or 
at 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on such forty-fifth day (in the case of (b) above) or at 5.00 
p.m. (Luxembourg time) on such due date (in the case of (c) above) and the bearer of the 
Temporary Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the 
rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or others may have under the Deeds of 
Covenant. Under the Deeds of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an 
interest in a Temporary Global Note will acquire directly against the relevant Issuer all those 
rights to which they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Temporary Global 
Note became void, they had been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal 
amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the records of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Where the Notes are listed on the Euronext Dublin and its rules so require, the Issuer will give 
notice of the exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes pursuant to Base 
Condition 12 (Notices). 
Exchange of Permanent Global Notes 
Whenever a Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the relevant Issuer 
shall procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly 
authenticated and, where applicable, with Coupons, Talons and Receipts attached (if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the 
surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 45 days 
of the bearer requesting such exchange.

--- Page 519 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 519 - 
47-41009328 
 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on the forty-
fifth day after the bearer of a Permanent Global Note has duly requested exchange of 
the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
a Permanent Global Note (or any part of it) has become due and payable in accordance 
with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Notes 
has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due 
with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer of the Permanent 
Global Note in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note on the due date 
for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will 
become void at 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on such forty-fifth day (in the case of (a) above) 
or at 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer 
of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to 
the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may have under the Deeds 
of Covenant). Under the relevant Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to 
an interest in a Permanent Global Note will acquire directly against the relevant Issuer all those 
rights to which they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Permanent Global 
Note became void, they had been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal 
amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the records of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Where the Notes are listed on the Euronext Dublin and its rules so require, the relevant Issuer 
will give notice of the exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes pursuant 
to Base Condition 12 (Notices). 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
as they apply to the Global Note. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note will be made against presentation and 
(in the case of payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the 
Global Note to or to the order of any Paying Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge 
the corresponding liabilities of the relevant Issuer in respect of the Notes. On each occasion on 
which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the Global Note, the relevant 
Issuer shall procure that, in respect of a CGN, the payment is noted on a schedule thereto and, 
in respect of an NGN, the payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream Luxembourg. 
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Base Condition 4(f) 
(Redemption at the option of holders of Notes), the bearer of the Permanent Global Note must, 
within the period specified in the Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note and Put Option 
Notice, give written notice of such exercise to the Fiscal Agent specifying the principal amount 
of Notes in respect of which such option is being exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable 
and may not be withdrawn.

--- Page 520 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 520 - 
47-41009328 
 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Base 
Condition 4(e) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the Notes, 
the Permanent Global Note may be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the 
relevant Issuer in accordance with the Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed will not be 
selected as provided in the Conditions but in accordance with the rules and procedures of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system (to be 
reflected in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system, at their discretion, as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount). 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 12 (Notices) of the Base Conditions, while all the Notes 
are represented by a Permanent Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a 
Temporary Global Note) and the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note 
and/or the Temporary Global Note are) deposited with a depositary, common depositary or 
common safekeeper (as the case may be) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg and/or 
any other relevant clearing system, notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the 
relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) of the Base Conditions, on the date of delivery to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system; 
provided, however, that, so long as the Notes are listed on the Official List of the Euronext 
Dublin and its rules so require, notices will also be published in a leading newspaper having 
general circulation in Ireland or on the website of the Euronext Dublin (www.ise.ie).

--- Page 521 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 521 - 
47-41009328 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be used for the general corporate 
purposes of the relevant Issuer.

--- Page 522 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 522 - 
47-41009328 
 
INFORMATION ON MEDIOBANCA - BANCA DI CREDITO FINANZIARIO S.P.A. 
This section of the Base Prospectus reflects the contents of certain information contained in 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of Mediobanca and the audited non-
consolidated annual financial statements of Mediobanca International as at and for the years 
ended 30 June 2019 and 2018.  
History and development of Mediobanca 
Legal status and information 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. was set up on 10 April 1946 by virtue of a 
notarial deed drawn up by Notary public Arturo Lovato, file no. 3041/52378. Mediobanca is a 
joint stock company incorporated under Italian law registered in the Milan-Monza-Brianza-
Lodi Companies' Register under Registration no. 00714490158 having its registered office and 
administrative headquarters in Piazzetta Enrico Cuccia 1, 20121 Milan, Italy, tel. No.: (0039) 
02-88291. The LEI code of Mediobanca is: PSNL19R2RXX5U3QWHI44. Mediobanca 
operates under Italian law, and the court of Milan has jurisdiction over any disputes arising 
against it. 
Important events in Mediobanca's recent history  
Neither Mediobanca nor any company in the Group have carried out transactions that have 
materially affected or that might be reasonably expected to materially affect, Mediobanca's 
ability to meet its obligations towards third parties. 
On 12 November 2019, the Board of Directors of Mediobanca has approved and published the 
2019/2023 strategic plan, setting out certain objectives to be achieved within June 2023, based 
on the growth of highly-profitable banking activities and the development of all the 
Mediobanca Group divisions (Wealth Management, Consumer Banking and Corporate & 
Investment Banking). 
Following the downgrade by Fitch of the Republic of Italy's sovereign ratings announced on 
28 April 2020, as at 5 June 2020, Fitch rated Mediobanca F3 (short-term Issuer Default Rating 
"IDR"), BBB- (long-term IDR) and stable (outlook) – see www.mediobanca.com/en/investor-
relations/financing-rating/rating.html. 
As at 29 October 2020, S&P rated Mediobanca A-2 (short-term Issuer Credit Rating "ICR"), 
BBB (long-term ICR), BBB (long-term ICR) and negative (outlook) – see 
www.mediobanca.com/en/investor-relations/financing-rating/rating.html. 
As at 14 October 2020 Moody's rated Mediobanca P-2 (short-term Counterparty Risk and 
Deposits Rating), Baa1 (long-term Counterparty Risk and Deposits Rating) and stable (outlook) 
– see www.mediobanca.com/en/investor-relations/financing-rating/rating.html.

--- Page 523 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 523 - 
47-41009328 
 
For an explanation of the rating given by S&P please see below the S&P rating scale: 
LONG TERM 
obligations with an original maturity of 
more than one year 
SHORT TERM 
obligations with an original maturity of no 
more than one year 
Investment grade 
AAA 
The obligor's capacity to meet its financial 
commitment on the obligation is extremely 
strong. 
AA 
The obligor's capacity to meet its financial 
commitment on the obligation is very strong. 
An obligation rated 'AA' differs from the 
highest-rated obligations only to a small 
degree. 
A 
The obligation is somewhat more susceptible 
to the adverse effects of changes in 
circumstances and economic conditions than 
obligations 
in 
higher-rated 
categories. 
However, the obligor's capacity to meet its 
financial commitment on the obligation is 
still strong. 
BBB 
The obligation exhibits adequate protection 
parameters. However, adverse economic 
conditions or changing circumstances are 
more likely to lead to a weakened capacity of 
the obligor to meet its financial commitment 
on the obligation. 
Investment grade 
A-1 
The obligor's capacity to meet its financial 
commitment on the obligation is strong. 
Within this category, certain obligations are 
designated with a plus sign (+). This indicates 
that the obligor's capacity to meet its 
financial commitment on these obligations is 
extremely strong. 
A-2 
The obligation is somewhat more susceptible 
to the adverse effects of changes in 
circumstances and economic conditions than 
obligations in higher rating categories. 
However, the obligor's capacity to meet its 
financial commitment on the obligation is 
satisfactory. 
A-3 
The obligation exhibits adequate protection 
parameters. However, adverse economic 
conditions or changing circumstances are 
more likely to lead to a weakened capacity of 
the obligor to meet its financial commitment 
on the obligation. 
(Source: Standard & Poor's) 
 
LONG TERM 
obligations with an original maturity of 
more than one year 
SHORT TERM 
obligations with an original maturity of less 
than one year 
Speculative grade 
BB 
The obligation is less vulnerable to 
nonpayment than other speculative issues. 
Speculative grade 
B 
The obligation is regarded as having 
significant speculative characteristics. The

--- Page 524 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 524 - 
47-41009328 
 
However, 
it 
faces 
major 
ongoing 
uncertainties 
or 
exposure 
to 
adverse 
business, financial, or economic conditions 
which could lead to the obligor's inadequate 
capacity to meet its financial commitment on 
the obligation. 
B 
The obligation is more vulnerable to 
nonpayment than obligations rated 'BB', but 
the obligor currently has the capacity to meet 
its financial commitment on the obligation. 
Adverse business, financial, or economic 
conditions will likely impair the obligor's 
capacity or willingness to meet its financial 
commitment on the obligation. 
CCC 
The obligation is currently vulnerable to 
nonpayment, 
and 
is 
dependent 
upon 
favorable business, financial, and economic 
conditions for the obligor to meet its 
financial commitment on the obligation. In 
the event of adverse business, financial, or 
economic conditions, the obligor is not likely 
to have the capacity to meet its financial 
commitment on the obligation. 
CC 
The obligation is currently highly vulnerable 
to nonpayment. 
C 
A 'C' rating is assigned to obligations that are 
currently highly vulnerable to nonpayment, 
obligations that have payment arrearages 
allowed by the terms of the documents, or 
obligations of an issuer that is the subject of 
a bankruptcy petition or similar action which 
have not experienced a payment default. 
D 
The obligation is in payment default. The 'D' 
rating category is used when payments on an 
obligation, including a regulatory capital 
instrument, are not made on the date due 
even if the applicable grace period has not 
expired, unless Standard & Poor's believes 
obligor currently has the capacity to meet its 
financial commitment on the obligation; 
however, it faces major ongoing uncertainties 
which could lead to the obligor's inadequate 
capacity to meet its financial commitment on 
the obligation. 
B -1 
The obligation is regarded as having 
significant speculative characteristics, but the 
obligor has a relatively stronger capacity to 
meet its financial commitments over the 
short-term compared to other speculative-
grade obligors. 
B -2 
The obligation is regarded as having 
significant speculative characteristics, and 
the obligor has an average speculative-grade 
capacity to meet its financial commitments 
over the short-term compared to other 
speculative-grade obligors. 
B -3 
The obligation is regarded as having 
significant speculative characteristics, and 
the obligor has a relatively weaker capacity 
to meet its financial commitments over the 
short-term compared to other speculative-
grade obligors. 
C 
The obligation is currently vulnerable to 
nonpayment and is dependent upon favorable 
business, financial, and economic conditions 
for the obligor to meet its financial 
commitment on the obligation. 
D 
The obligation is in payment default. The 'D' 
rating category is used when payments on an 
obligation, including a regulatory capital 
instrument, are not made on the date due even 
if the applicable grace period has not expired, 
unless Standard & Poor's believes that such 
payments will be made during such grace 
period.

--- Page 525 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 525 - 
47-41009328 
 
that such payments will be made during such 
grace period. 
NB:  ratings from "AA" to "CCC" inclusive can be modified by adding the "+" or "-" minus sign to specify the 
position. 
 
For an explanation of the rating given by Fitch please see below the Fitch rating scale: 
LONG TERM 
obligations with an original maturity of 
more than one year 
SHORT TERM 
obligations with an original maturity of no 
more than one year 
Investment grade 
AAA 
Denote the lowest expectation of default 
risk. They are assigned only in cases of 
exceptionally strong capacity for payment of 
financial commitments. This capacity is 
highly unlikely to be adversely affected by 
foreseeable events. 
AA 
Denote expectations of very low default risk. 
They indicate very strong capacity for 
payment of financial commitments. This 
capacity is not significantly vulnerable to 
foreseeable events. 
A 
Denote expectations of low default risk. The 
capacity 
for 
payment 
of 
financial 
commitments is considered strong. This 
capacity 
may, 
nevertheless, 
be 
more 
vulnerable to adverse business or economic 
conditions than is the case for higher ratings 
BBB 
Indicate that expectations of default risk are 
currently low. The capacity for payment of 
financial 
commitments 
is 
considered 
adequate but adverse business or economic 
conditions are more likely to impair this 
capacity. 
Investment grade 
F-1 
Indicates the strongest intrinsic capacity for 
timely payment of financial commitments; 
may have an added "+" to denote any 
exceptionally strong credit feature. 
F-2 
Good intrinsic capacity for timely payment of 
financial commitments. 
F-3 
The intrinsic capacity for timely payment of 
financial commitments is adequate. 
(Source: Fitch Ratings)

--- Page 526 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 526 - 
47-41009328 
 
LONG TERM 
obligations with an original maturity of 
more than one year 
SHORT TERM 
obligations with an original maturity of less 
than one year 
Speculative grade 
BB 
Indicate an elevated vulnerability to default 
risk, particularly in the event of adverse 
changes in business or economic conditions 
over time; however, business or financial 
flexibility 
exists 
which 
supports 
the 
servicing of financial commitments. 
B 
Indicate that material default risk is present, 
but a limited margin of safety remains. 
Financial commitments are currently being 
met; however, capacity for continued 
payment is vulnerable to deterioration in the 
business and economic environment. 
CCC 
Default is a real possibility. 
CC 
Default of some kind appears probable. 
C 
Default is imminent or inevitable, or the 
issuer is in standstill. 
RD 
Indicate an issuer that in Fitch Ratings' 
opinion has entered into bankruptcy filings, 
administration, receivership, liquidation or 
other formal winding-up procedure, or 
which has otherwise ceased business. 
Speculative grade 
B 
Minimal capacity for timely payment of 
financial commitments, plus heightened 
vulnerability to near term adverse changes in 
financial and economic conditions. 
C 
Default is a real possibility. 
RD 
Indicates an entity that has defaulted on one 
or more of its financial commitments, 
although it continues to meet other financial 
obligations. Applicable to entity ratings only. 
D 
Indicates a broad-based default event for an 
entity, or the default of a short-term 
obligation.

--- Page 527 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 527 - 
47-41009328 
 
For an explanation of the rating given by Moody's please see below the Moody's rating scale: 
LONG TERM 
obligations with an original maturity of more than one year 
Aaa  
Obligations rated Aaa are judged to be of the highest quality, subject to the lowest level of 
credit risk. 
Aa 
Obligations rated Aa are judged to be of high quality and are subject to very low credit risk. 
A 
Obligations rated A are judged to be upper-medium grade and are subject to low credit risk.  
Baa 
Obligations rated Baa are judged to be medium-grade and subject to moderate credit risk and 
as such may possess certain speculative characteristics. 
Ba 
Obligations rated Ba are judged to be speculative and are subject to substantial credit risk. 
B 
Obligations rated B are considered speculative and are subject to high credit risk. 
Caa 
Obligations rated Caa are judged to be speculative of poor standing and are subject to very 
high credit risk. 
Ca 
Obligations rated Ca are highly speculative and are likely in, or very near, default, with some 
prospect of recovery of principal and interest. 
C 
Obligations rated C are the lowest rated and are typically in default, with little prospect for 
recovery of principal or interest. 
Note: Moody's appends numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each generic rating classification from Aa through Caa. The modifier 
1 indicates that the obligation ranks in the higher end of its generic rating category; the modifier 2 indicates a mid-range 
ranking; and the modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating category. Additionally, a "(hyb)" indicator 
is appended to all ratings of hybrid securities issued by banks, insurers, finance companies, and securities firms. 
(Source: Moody's) 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (formerly, Standard & Poor's Credit Market Services Italy 
S.r.l.) ("S&P"), Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch") and Moody’s France S.A.S. 
("Moody's") are credit rating agencies which are established in the European Community and 
have been registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as subsequently

--- Page 528 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 528 - 
47-41009328 
 
amended and supplemented) (the "CRA"). As such, S&P, Fitch and Moody's are included in 
the latest list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
CRA 
– 
see 
www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/creditrating-agencies/risk. 
Business Overview 
Principal activities 
As provided in Article 3 of the company's Articles of Association, the purpose of the company 
is to raise funds and provide credit in any of the forms permitted, especially medium- and long-
term credit to corporates. 
In complying with the regulatory provisions in force, the company may perform all banking, 
financial and brokerage operations and services, and any other operation instrumental or 
otherwise related to the achievement of its corporate purpose. 
The Mediobanca Group's are segmented as follows: 
 
Wealth Management (WM): this division brings together all asset management 
activities provided to clients in the following segments: 
 
Affluent & Premier, served by CheBanca!; 
 
Private & HNWI, served in Italy by Mediobanca Private Banking, and in the 
Principality of Monaco by Compagnie Monégasque de Banque, including 
fiduciary activities performed by Spafid, Spafid Family Office SIM and Spafid 
Trust; 
 
Asset Management, the principal entities in which are the product factories Cairn 
Capital (alternative AM), RAM Active Investments (alternative AM), 
Mediobanca Management Company and Mediobanca SGR. 
 
Corporate & Investment Banking (CIB): this division brings together all services 
provided to corporate clients: 
 
Wholesale Banking (WB): Client Business (lending, advisory, capital markets 
activity) and proprietary trading performed by Mediobanca, Mediobanca 
International, Mediobanca Securities and Messier Maris & Associés; 
 
Specialty Finance, which comprises factoring and credit management 
(including acquisition and management of NPL portfolios) performed by 
MBFACTA, MB Credit Solutions and the newly-set up MBContact Solutions. 
 
Consumer Banking (CB): this division provides retail clients with the full range of 
consumer credit products, ranging from personal loans to salary-backed finance 
(Compass and Futuro). It also includes Compass RE, which reinsures risks linked to 
the insurance policies sold to clients, and the newly-established Compass Rent, which 
rents out moveable assets, in particular second-hand vehicles;

--- Page 529 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 529 - 
47-41009328 
 
 
Principal Investing (PI): this division brings together the Group's portfolio of equity 
investments and holdings, including the stake in Assicurazioni Generali; 
 
Holding Functions: this division houses, in addition to SelmaBipiemme Leasing, MIS, 
Spafid Connect, Ricerche e Studi and Prominvestment, the Group's centralised cost 
centres, including the Group's Treasury and ALM activities (with the objective of 
optimizing funding and liquidity management on a consolidated basis, including 
securities held as part of the banking book), operations, support functions (planning and 
financial reporting, corporate affairs, investor relations, etc.), senior company 
management and the control units (Risk Management, Group Audit and Compliance) 
for the share not attributable to the other business lines. 
As at 30 June 2020, Mediobanca had a market capitalization of approx. €5.7bn. 
Consolidated financial information as at 30/06/2020 
Profit and loss account 
(€m) 
Corporate & 
Investment 
Banking 
Consumer 
Wealth 
Management 
Principal 
investing 
Holding 
Functions 
Total 
Net interest income 
271.4 
948 
271.0 
-7.1 
-55.0 
1,442.2 
Total income 
575.1 
1,070.6 
583.8 
312.8 
-6.9 
2,513.0 
Profit before tax 
275.4 
438.0 
113.8 
297.6 
-259.3 
795.3 
Net profit 
180.7 
296.6 
80.4 
295.0 
-183.7 
600.4 
* 
Source: Mediobanca audited consolidated annual financial statement as at and for the year ended on 30 June 2020 
 
Affluent & Premier - CheBanca! 
Mediobanca operates in retail banking through its subsidiary CheBanca!. This subsidiary, 
launched in 2008, effectively served as retail deposit gatherer for the Mediobanca Group 
throughout the financial crisis. In the last six it has developed a distribution model which is 
innovative, transparent and with high technology content, while at the same time refocusing its 
mission from deposit gatherer to wealth manager), and now has TFAs of €27.8bn. 
Today CheBanca! is distinguished by its: 
 High brand recognition; 
 Effective, innovative multi-channel distribution (internet, 192 own branches/POS, 414 FAs 
and 454 relationship managers); 
 Substantial customer base (approx. 880,000 clients); 
 Strong commercial results: €15.3bn in deposits, €12.5bn in AUM, and a loan book of 
€10.2bn in mortgage lending. 
At 30 June 2020, the company employed a total of 1,430 staff. 
Private & HNWIs 
The product/service offering to clients is split between:

--- Page 530 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 530 - 
47-41009328 
 
 MB Private Banking offers private banking services through its 85 bankers and nine branch 
offices, working to help develop asset management activities and the mid-cap platform. 
The Mediobanca Private Banking product offering for high net worth clients includes 
portfolio management, advisory and financing services. Independence, operational 
autonomy, focus on private banking activities, and excellence and quality of service, are 
the hallmarks of a bank which has approx. €15bn in assets under management at its 
branches in Bergamo, Bologna, Brescia, Cesena, Florence, Genoa, Milan, Padua, Parma, 
Rome, Turin and Treviso. 
 Compagnie Monégasque de Banque ("CMB") is 100%-owned by Mediobanca. 
Compagnie Monégasque de Banque, a market leader in the private banking sector in the 
Principality of Monaco, has assets under management of approximately €11bn. Its 
geographical position, indepth knowledge of markets and absolute independence make it a 
player of primary importance, able to provide exclusive services to its clientèle, ranging 
from loans to asset management. 
 Spafid, 100%-owned by Mediobanca, this company provides fiduciary administration 
services for equity investments, stock market investments and fiduciary services for issuers. 
MB Asset Management 
The product factories forming part of the Wealth Management division include Cairn Capital, 
RAM Active Investments and MB SGR. 
 Cairn Capital, a 51% stake in which was completed in December 2015 (the percentage 
stake currently owned is 70.9%5), is an asset manager and advisor based in London, 
specializing in credit products. 
 RAM Active Investments, a 69% stake in which was acquired in March 2018, is one of 
the leading European systematic asset managers, offering alternative funds to a vast range 
of institutional and professional investors.  
 Mediobanca SGR, set up in 2017 following the merger of Banca Esperia into Mediobanca 
S.p.A., plays a key role in defining investment strategies and developing innovative 
products. 
Consumer Credit – Compass Banca (Compass) 
Mediobanca has operated in the consumer credit sector since the 1960s through its subsidiary 
Compass. Compass today is one of the leading consumer credit operators on the Italian market, 
with a market share of 12%. 
Compass offers a wide range of products (personal loans, special purpose loans for acquisition 
of consumer durable goods, credit cards and salary-backed finance), using a highly diversified 
distribution network consisting of 172 own branches, branches run by agents (41) and Compass 
 
5  
In December 2019, Cairn Capital Group Limited implemented a capital increase, in which Mediobanca 
subscribed to the amount allocated to it pro rata, and also the rights not taken up by the other shareholders. 
As a result, the Bank's investment in Cairn Capital increased to 63.5%, and certain call options were 
exercised, further increasing its investment to 70.93%.

--- Page 531 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 531 - 
47-41009328 
 
Quinto branches (48), distribution agreements with banking partners and retailers (including 
BancoPosta). 
In the financial year ended 30 June 2020, Compass reported a loan book of approx. €13bn and 
a headcount of 1,441 staff. 
Wholesale Banking 
Mediobanca seeks to provide its corporate clients with advisory services and financial services 
to help them grow and develop. 
The Wholesale Banking division consists of two divisions of its own: Client Business and 
Proprietary Trading. 
The Wholesale Banking Client Business division comprises three units: Corporate Finance, 
Lending and Structured Finance, and Capital Markets. 
1. Corporate finance 
Mediobanca is a leader in Italy, and has an increasingly significant role at the European level 
in financial advisory services through its branch offices in London, Paris, Frankfurt and Madrid, 
and through Messier Maris & Associés, in which it holds a 66.4% stake. A client-based 
approach is adopted, backed by indepth knowledge of the financial issues and a consolidated 
track record in executing deals. The operating unit is organised into different industry teams 
covering individual industries to provide more effective specialization. 
Corporate finance is structured into the following activities: 
 Defining strategic objectives for companies and identifying extraordinary financing 
transactions in order to help meet them; 
 Extraordinary financing transactions: mergers and acquisitions, joint ventures and 
partnerships, disposals and spinoffs; 
 Liability restructuring: earnings/financial analysis of companies/groups undergoing 
restructuring; working out financial rebalancing scenarios; negotiating with key creditors; 
 Corporate restructuring: LBOs, MBOs, spinoffs and tax-/inheritance-related issues; 
 Company valuations, on a standalone basis and for purposes of setting exchange ratios; 
 Relations with authorities: assistance in handling relations with market authorities, 
primarily Consob and Borsa Italiana. 
Messier Maris & Associés 
Founded at year-end 2010, Messier Maris & Associés is today one of the leading corporate 
finance boutiques in France, with a loyal customer base at international as well as domestic 
level. 
MMA specializes in M&A advisory services to large and medium-sised companies and 
financial sponsors' activity. The company also has operations in debt and capital advisory and

--- Page 532 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 532 - 
47-41009328 
 
debt restructuring. It is headquartered in Paris, with offices in New York, and currently employs 
around 40 professionals. 
2. Lending & Structured Finance 
The Financing teams serve Mediobanca's Italian and international customers, through the 
branch offices located in Paris, Frankfurt, London and Madrid, to offer: 
 Advice in evaluating possible capital structures and financing solutions available from 
among a vast series of debt products, including considering possible implications in terms 
of rating; 
 Structuring and executing lending transactions; 
 Access to the international syndicated loans market; 
 Facility and security agent services for corporate and structured lending transactions. 
The principal Lending & Structured Finance area products are: 
 Corporate lending (bilateral loans, club deals and syndicated loans): corporate loans 
aimed at supporting customers' financial requirements generated by investments or related 
to their companies' growth; the financial solutions offered are aimed primarily at medium-
/large-sized firms operating on domestic and international markets, in industrial and 
service-based sectors. 
 Structured finance (acquisition finance, loans for LBOs/MBOs, project finance, 
infrastructure finance, real estate finance): financial support to corporate counterparties and 
institutional investors as part of leveraged transactions to acquire stakes in listed and 
unlisted companies; a wide range of lending transactions are developed, arranged, 
structured, underwritten and executed based on complex structures, and because of their 
size these are often syndicated on the international market. On the back of its solid track 
record in various sectors, customers are provided with advisory services covering the entire 
process of structuring deals to support investment and infrastructure or industrial projects, 
including offering strategies, selection of the most effective debt instruments, hedging 
strategies, financial modelling and structuring contracts. 
Mediobanca International 
Mediobanca International's business is focused primarily on corporate lending (bilateral loans, 
club deals, and syndicated loans) and structured finance (acquisition finance, LBOs/MBOs, 
project finance, infrastructure finance and real estate finance). These activities are financed 
through funds raised on International markets by specific programmes of issuance (notes, 
structured notes, certificates, warrants, European tradable commercial paper, Euro commercial 
paper, etc.), short-term and medium-term, the majority of which are guaranteed by Mediobanca 
S.p.A.

--- Page 533 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 533 - 
47-41009328 
 
3. Capital Markets 
Mediobanca operates on both the primary and secondary markets, trading equities and fixed-
income securities, foreign exchange products and credit risk, interest rate and exchange rate 
derivatives. 
In the equity market (primary and secondary), activity is divided into the following areas: 
 Equity capital markets: Mediobanca is the Italian leader and has a role of increasing 
importance internationally in structuring, co-ordinating and executing equity capital 
markets transactions, such as IPOs, rights issues, secondary offerings and ABOs, and bonds 
convertible into equity solutions (equity derivatives to manage investments and treasury 
shares): this unit structures and implements extraordinary financing transactions involving 
equity investments and treasury shares; using a dedicated trading platform, the team offers 
customers innovative, high value-added solutions, and also handles any legal, accounting, 
tax and regulatory issues; 
 Equity derivatives institutional marketing: a range of equity-linked investments are 
offered to banks, insurances, asset managers and family offices, from synthetic replications 
of simple underlying assets to sophisticated protection mechanisms and solutions for 
increasing the return on portfolios, funded or unfunded; 
 MB Securities: this is Mediobanca's equity brokerage division, offering global access to 
equity markets and research on the Italian market (over 100 companies are covered), plus 
a pan-European focus on the financials sector (banks and insurances); a dedicated team also 
offers corporate broking services. 
As for the debt market, the activity is divided into the following areas of operation: 
 Debt capital market: this team originates, structures, executes and places corporate and 
financial bond issues, covered bonds and securitizations to meet its customers' financing 
needs; 
 CMS: this area structures solutions based on interest rates, credit and alternative products; 
it targets corporate clients, banks and institutional investors who need to restructure their 
investment portfolios, increase asset liquidity and diversify their sources of funding. 
Advisory services and structuring ad hoc solutions for alternative investments targets 
institutional investors; 
4. Proprietary trading 
Proprietary trading: consists of two units: 
 Trading portfolio (HFT Credit, HFT Fixed income, xVA, Global Macro): this unit is 
responsible for the bond trading portfolio and for centralised management of cross value 
adjustments, supporting both the strategic portfolio & ALM and the Group companies; 
 Equity & Derivatives Trading: this unit is responsible for the Bank's trading activities in 
various equity market products (equities and derivatives products).

--- Page 534 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 534 - 
47-41009328 
 
5. Specialty Finance 
Our Specialty Finance activities include managing and financing credit and working capital. 
We have operations in factoring with MBFACTA and in the credit management sector with 
MBCredit Solutions. 
 MBCredit Solutions has for many years performed credit recovery activities (on behalf of 
the Group companies and third parties) and NPL portfolio acquisitions. 
 MBFACTA provides trade receivables sale and discount services (with and without 
recourse, maturity, supply credit) to refinance corporate working capital. As well as the 
financial benefits, this service can also include an insurance component (guarantee against 
insolvency or delays in payments) and/or a management component (portfolio 
management, accounting, collection and recovery). The factoring platform's factoring 
offering is tailored specifically to developing the Mid Corporate segment in synergy with 
the other services offered by CIB to this category of firm. 
Principal investing 
Mediobanca has an equity portfolio of investments made over time, consisting of minority 
stakes in leading Italian and international companies, most of which are listed. As a result of 
the recent introduction of tighter regulations on regulatory capital and the Bank's desire to 
concentrate more on highly-specialised banking activities, this portfolio of investments is in 
the process of being reduced. The Bank's investment in Assicurazioni Generali is assigned to 
the Principal Investing division, in view of its size and the value option which the investment 
represents for the Group in terms of available, liquid resources that can be activated in the event 
of growth acquisitions materializing. 
Company 
Sector 
% of share capital 
Book value as at 
30/6/20 
 
 
 
€m 
Assicurazioni Generali 
Insurance 
12.9% 
3,163.4 
 
Leasing 
Mediobanca owns a direct 60% stake in SelmaBipiemme Leasing, with the other 40% held by 
the Banca Popolare di Milano. The group operates in financial leasing. 
Treasury 
The Group's Treasury and ALM units are centralised at parent company level with the objective 
of optimizing funding and liquidity management. The Proprietary Funding division is 
responsible for structuring, issuing and placing debt products, the proceeds from which are 
used to finance the Bank's activities. Funding operations, supported by Mediobanca's high 
credit rating, take the form primarily of the issuance of securities, both plain vanilla and 
structured. Securities are placed with retail investors through public offerings (implemented 
via the CheBanca! proprietary network, through individual third-party banking networks – 
including BancoPosta – either on an exclusive basis or via groups of banks operating as 
syndicates), and direct sales on the MOT bond market operated by Borsa Italiana. Demand

--- Page 535 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 535 - 
47-41009328 
 
from institutional investors is met via public offerings of securities on the Euromarket and by 
private placements of bespoke products tailored to meet the investor's specific requirements. 
New products or new activities 
Without prejudice to the contents hereof (section 5.1), no significant new products and/or 
services have been introduced that are worth being recorded or disclosed publicly. 
Principal markets 
The Mediobanca Group's activities are principally focused on the domestic market (from a 
geographical standpoint Italy accounts for approx. 80% of the Group's loan book). In particular: 
 
Corporate & Investment Banking (CIB): half the revenues and loan book for this division 
is originated by the Italian market, the other half by other countries (notably France, 
Germany, Spain and the United Kingdom): the division employs some 630 staff, around 
155 of whom are based outside Italy; 
 
Consumer Banking: activities focus exclusively on the Italian market, and employ approx. 
1,441 staff at 261 branches/agencies; 
 
Wealth Management (WM): this division's activity is focused primarily on the Italian 
market, with the exception of CMB (which operates in the Principality of Monaco), RAM 
AI (which operates throughout Europe from its headquarters in Switzerland), and Cairn 
Capital (which operates in the United Kingdom); and employs 2,021 staff, with approx. 
1,000 FAs/relationship managers, and 117 branches; 
 
Leasing activities chiefly target the domestic market. 
With reference to other markets, on 31 January 2020, the United Kingdom officially withdrew 
from the European Union, whose effectiveness is suspended until 31 December 2020. During 
the transitional period, Mediobanca will continue to implement the plan to adapt to the new 
scenario which, in accordance with the recommendations provided by the European Central 
Bank and in light of the Group's relatively contained activity in the UK (approximately 3% of 
total revenues), envisages the return to the EU territory (mainly in the Milan, Paris and Madrid 
offices) of 15 employees belonging to front office functions, including key figures. The Group 
will continue to operate in Great Britain through the subsidiary of Mediobanca S.p.A. (based 
on a different authorization regime) and the subsidiary Cairn Capital, subject to further changes 
that may arise in the course of negotiations, which are continuously monitored by an internal 
working group within the Issuer in collaboration with the competent Supervisory Authorities.

--- Page 536 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 536 - 
47-41009328 
 
ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE  
Description of organizational structure of group headed up by Mediobanca 
Mediobanca is the parent company of the Mediobanca Banking Group.  
The Mediobanca Group is registered as a banking group in the register instituted by the Bank 
of Italy. 
The following diagram illustrates the structure of the Mediobanca Group as at the date hereof.

--- Page 537 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 537 - 
47-41009328 
 
Subsidiaries and main investee companies 
A list of the main Group companies included in the area of consolidation for the consolidated 
financial statements as at the date of this document is shown below: 
Group companies 
COMPASS Banca S.p.A. 
Italy 
100% 
(dir.) 
CHEBANCA! S.p.A. 
Italy 
100% 
(dir.) 
SELMABIPIEMME LEASING S.p.A. 
Italy 
60% 
(dir.) 
Compagnie Monégasque de Banque S.A.M. 
Principality of Monaco 
100% 
(dir.) 
MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (Luxembourg) S.A.* 
Luxembourg 
100%1 
(dir.) 
SPAFID S.p.A. 
Italy 
100% 
(dir.) 
SPAFID TRUST S.r.l. 
Italy 
100% 
(indir.) 
SPAFID CONNECT S.p.A. 
Italy 
100% 
(indir.) 
MEDIOBANCA SECURITIES USA LLC 
United States 
100% 
(dir.) 
Mediobanca SGR S.p.A. 
Italy 
100% 
(dir.) 
Mediobanca Management Company S.A. 
Luxembourg 
100% 
(dir.) 
MBCREDIT SOLUTIONS S.p.A. 
Italy 
100% 
(indir.) 
RICERCHE E STUDI S.p.A.** 
Italy 
100% 
(dir.) 
Mediobanca Innovation Services S.c.p.A 
Italy 
99.99% 
(dir.) 
FUTURO S.p.A. 
Italy 
100% 
(indir.) 
PROMINVESTMENT S.p.A. in liquidation 
Italy 
100% 
(dir.) 
MBFACTA S.p.A. 
Italy 
100% 
(dir.) 
QUARZO S.r.l. 
Italy 
90% 
(indir.) 
QUARZO CQS S.r.l. 
Italy 
90% 
(indir.) 
MB COVERED BOND S.r.l. 
Italy 
90% 
(indir.) 
C.M.B. ASSET MANAGEMENT S.A.M. 
Principality of Monaco 
99.10% 
(indir.) 
C.M.G. COMP. MONEG. D.G. S.A.M. 
Principality of Monaco 
99.92% 
(indir.) 
CMB WEALTH MANAGEMENT  
(in liquidation) 
United Kingdom  
100% 
(dir.) 
COMPASS RE S.A.** 
Luxembourg 
100% 
(indir.) 
MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL IMMOBILIERE S.à 
r.l. 
Luxembourg 
100% 
(indir.)

--- Page 538 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 538 - 
47-41009328 
 
Group companies 
CAIRN CAPITAL GROUP Ltd 
United Kingdom 
75.6% 
(dir.) 
CAIRN CAPITAL Ltd 
United Kingdom 
75.6% 
(indir.) 
CAIRN CAPITAL NORTH AMERICA Inc.  
(not operative) 
United States 
75.6% 
(indir.) 
CAIRN FINANCIAL GUARANTEE Ltd.  
(not operative) 
United Kingdom 
75.6% 
(indir.) 
CAIRN CAPITAL INVESTMENTS Ltd.  
(not operative) 
United Kingdom 
75.6% 
(indir.) 
CAIRN INVESTMENTS MANAGERS Ltd.  
(not operative) 
United Kingdom 
75.6% 
(indir.) 
AMPLUS FINANCE Ltd. (not operative) 
United Kingdom 
75.6% 
(indir.) 
MB FUNDING LUX S.A. 
Luxembourg 
100% 
(dir.) 
SPAFID FAMILY OFFICE SIM S.p.A. 
Italy 
100% 
(indir.) 
RAM Active Investments S.A. 
Switzerland  
69% 
(dir.) 
RAM EUROPE S.A.  
Lussemburgo 
69% 
(ind.) 
MESSIER MARIS & ASSOCIES S.A.S. 
France 
66.4% 
(dir.) 
MESSIER MARIS & ASSOCIES LLC. 
United States 
50% 
(indir.) 
MBCONTACT SOLUTIONS S.r.l.***  
(active since 2 October 2020) 
Italia 
100% 
(indir.) 
COMPASS RENT S.r.l.*** 
Italia 
100% 
(indir.) 
*1% of Compass Banca 
** It is not part of the Mediobanca Banking Group 
Forecasts or estimates of profits 
No profit forecasts or estimates have been made in the Base Prospectus. 
Information on recent trends 
Except for the developments described in the section headed "Systemic risks in connection with 
the economic/financial crisis", in particular for the possible impact of the Covid-19 crisis, no 
material adverse changes have taken place in Mediobanca's or the Group's prospects since the 
consolidated financial statements as at 30 June 2020; 
Except for the developments described in the section headed "Systemic risks in connection with 
the economic/financial crisis", in particular for the possible impact of the Covid-19 crisis, no 
material adverse changes have taken place in the financial results of Mediobanca and the 
Mediobanca Group since the most recent consolidated financial statements as at 30 June 2020. 
Information on trends, uncertainties, requests, commitments or known facts which could 
reasonably be expected to have material repercussions on the Issuer's prospects for at 
least the current financial year

--- Page 539 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 539 - 
47-41009328 
 
Mediobanca is not aware of any information on trends, uncertainties, requests, commitments 
or facts known which could reasonably have significant repercussions on Mediobanca's 
prospects for the current financial year. 
A deterioration in the medical situation due to the Covid-19 pandemic could impact further on 
the economic, social and financial situation in Italy and hence on the credit quality, 
capitalization and earnings of the Issuer which operates primarily on the Italian market. 
Mediobanca is committed to executing the strategic and operating guidelines of its 2019-23 
Strategic Plan, confirming the intention to optimize capital, with the objective of restoring the 
CET1 ratio to 13.5% by end-June 2023, including through share buybacks and acquisitions to 
strengthen the business lines. 
In the uncertainty that currently characterizes the reference framework, the Group has adopted 
an operating scenario based on activities normalizing by end-December 2020. 
The government initiatives and use of moratoria have helped to preserve the quality of the loan 
book, with 90% of clients who elected to take up the initiatives offered in Consumer Banking 
having resumed payments as normal. 
Conversely, the upturn in the rate of infections from mid-September has not yet been reflected 
in the figures. Results could be affected if the restrictions introduced are of a similar level to 
those introduced in March and April of this year. At presents the measures to be adopted in the 
course of the next quarter to address the second wave of infections due to the Covid-19 
pandemic are hard to predict. Lockdown, especially general lockdown, remains the most 
critical issue for new loans and the cost of risk in Consumer Banking and mortgage lending 
business; to mitigate the impact of such possible developments, the Group has strongly 
enhanced its digital platforms and the integrated development of distribution and credit 
recovery channels in the last six months. Excessive volatility on financial markets too is likely 
to impact on TFAs (in terms of NNM and market effect) and client risk appetite. 
Net interest income is expected to decrease from last year, due to lower volumes and returns in 
Consumer Banking; while fee income should remain at good levels, as should earnings from 
Assicurazioni Generali. Against this performance in revenues, operating costs are expected to 
rise slightly as project activities and commercial initiatives (advertising campaigns) gradually 
resume. 
The cost of risk is seen as being largely stable, while loan loss provisions in Consumer Banking, 
mortgage lending and leasing are expected to be in line with this quarter unless the 
macroeconomic scenario deteriorates further. 
BODIES RESPONSIBLE FOR GOVERNANCE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISION 
Information on bodies responsible for governance, management and supervision 
Information on the Bank's bodies responsible for governance, management and supervision is 
provided below, as updated following the Annual General Meeting held on 28 October 2020. 
Changes in the composition of the governing bodies and other information related to them are 
published from time to time on the Issuer's website at www.mediobanca.it in the relevant 
section https://www.mediobanca.com/en/corporate-governance/index.html, without prejudice

--- Page 540 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 540 - 
47-41009328 
 
to the obligations set out under article 94, paragraph 7, of the Italian Legislative Decree 58/98 
in respect of the drawing up of a supplement. 
Board of Directors 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Board of Directors, appointed on 28 October 2020 
for the 2021, 2022 and 2023 financial years until the date on which the financial statements as 
at 30 June 2023 will be approved, is made up of fifteen members, eleven of whom qualify as 
independent under Article 148, paragraph 3 of Italian Legislative Decree 58/98, eight of which 
eleven also qualify as independent under Article 19 of the company's Articles of Association 
(the requisites for which definition are substantially aligned with those of the voluntary code 
of corporate governance issued by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (the "Code of Conduct") in respect of 
listed companies). Its composition also reflects the legal requirements in terms of gender 
balance. 
Composition of Board of Directors 
Name 
Post held 
Place 
and 
date of birth 
Term of 
office 
expires 
 
Independence 
Principal activities performed 
outside the Issuer 
Renato 
Pagliaro2 
Chairman  Milan, 
20/2/57 
28/10/20 
 
Director, Istituto Europeo di 
Oncologia  
Maurizia 
Angelo 
Comneno1 
Deputy 
Chair 
Rome, 
18/6/48 
28/10/20 
b) 
- 
Alberto 
Nagel1 
CEO 
Milan, 7/6/65 28/10/20 
 
- 
Virginie 
Banet  
Director  
Neuilly 
sur 
Seine 
18/01/66 
28/10/23 
a) 
b) 
Chairman, lolite, Financial 
Consulting; Director, Netgem 
Director, Vallourec 
Francesco 
Saverio 
Vinci1 
General 
Manager 
 
Milan, 
10/11/62 
28/10/20 
 
- 
Maurizio 
Carfagna 
Director 
Milan, 
13/11/47 
28/10/20 
a)  
b) 
Director, FingProg Italia Director, 
Futura Invest 
Director, Istituto Europeo di 
Oncologia 
Laura Cioli 
Director 
Macerata 
10/07/63 
28/10/23 
a) 
b) 
Director, Brembo 
Director, Sofina 
Director, Autogrill 
Maurizio 
Costa 
Director 
Pavia, 29/10/ 
48 
28/10/20 
a) 
b) 
Director, Amplifon 
Angela 
Gamba 
Director 
Palazzolo 
sull'Oglio 
(BS), 15/8/70 
28/10/20 
a) 
b) 
Director, Edison 
Director, FPS Investments S.r.l. 
Director, Medical Technology and 
Devices SA 
Valérie 
Hortefeux 
Director 
Aulnay 
(France), 
14/12/67 
28/10/20 
a) 
b) 
Director, Blue Solutions 
Director, Ramsay – Générale de 
Santé 
Director, Socfinasia

--- Page 541 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 541 - 
47-41009328 
 
Name 
Post held 
Place 
and 
date of birth 
Term of 
office 
expires 
 
Independence 
Principal activities performed 
outside the Issuer 
Maximo 
Ibarra 
Director 
Calì 
(Colombia), 
13/12/68 
28/10/20 
a) 
b) 
CEO, Sky Italia 
Alberto Lupoi Director 
Rome, 
29/03/70 
28/10/20 
a) 
b) 
- 
Elisabetta 
Magistretti 
Director 
Busto 
Arsizio, 
21/7/47 
28/10/20 
a) 
b) 
Director, Brembo 
Director, Smeg 
Vittorio 
Pignatti-
Morano 
Director 
Rome, 
14/9/57 
28/10/20 
a) 
b) 
Director, Trilantic Capital 
Management GP 
Director, Trilantic Capital 
Partners Management 
Director, Trilantic Capital 
Partners V Management 
Director, Ocean Ring Jersey Co 
Director, Ocean Trade Lux Co 
Director, Marex Group 
Director, ICS Maugeri 
Director, Edizione 
Gabriele 
Villa1 
 
Director 
Milan, 
18/6/64 
28/10/20 
b) 
Standing Auditor, Edison 
Standing Auditor, Italmobiliare 
1 Member of Executive Committee. 
2 Member of Mediobanca senior management 
a) Qualifies as independent pursuant to Article 19 of the company's Articles of Association. 
b) Qualifies as independent pursuant to Article 148, para. 3 of the Italian Finance Act. 
 
 
All Board members are in possession of the requisites to hold such office set by the regulations 
in force at the time. 
The address for all members of the Board of Directors for the duties they discharge is: Piazzetta 
E. Cuccia 1, 20121, Milan, Italy. 
Statutory Audit Committee 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Statutory Audit Committee, appointed on 28 October 
2020 for the 2021, 2022 and 2023 financial years until the date on which the financial 
statements as at 30 June 2021 will be approved, is made up of three Standing Auditors and two 
Alternate Auditors. 
Composition of Statutory Audit Committee: 
Name 
Post held 
Place and date of 
birth 
Term expires 
Principal ativities performed 
outside the Issuer as significant 
with respect to the Issuer 
Francesco di 
Carlo 
Chairman 
Milan, 4/10/69 
28/10/23 
Director, Milano Investment, 
Partners SGR

--- Page 542 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 542 - 
47-41009328 
 
Name 
Post held 
Place and date of 
birth 
Term expires 
Principal ativities performed 
outside the Issuer as significant 
with respect to the Issuer 
Elena Pagnoni 
Standing Auditor 
Colleferro (Rome), 
10/05/63 
28/10/23 
 
Ambrogio 
Virgilio 
Standing Auditor 
Bari, 05/01/56 
28/10/23 
 
Marcello 
Caradonna 
Alternate Auditor Stornara (FG), 
22/05/59 
28/10/23 
Chair, Statutory Audit 
Committee, College of Auditors 
CTI 
Chair, Statutory Audit 
Committee, ATS Milano 
Independent Director, Integrae 
SIM 
Standing Auditor, Titanmet 
Roberto Moro 
Alternate Auditor Milan, 6/12/65 
28/10/23 
Chair, Statutory Audit 
Committee, IRE Holding 
Standing Auditor, Antas 
Standing Auditor, Robert Bosch 
Standing Auditor, Energy Wave 
Standing Auditor, Fidiger 
Standing Auditor, Sevecom 
Standing Auditor, Spafid 
Sole statutory auditor, Compass 
Rent, MBContact Solutions, 
Quarzo 
Stefano Sarubbi 
Alternate Auditor Milan, 
6/12/65 
28/10/23 
Chair, Statutory Audit 
Committee, Coca Cola Italy 
Chair, Statutory Audit 
Committee, Infrastrutture 
Wireless Italiane – Inwiit 
CEO, Sigmagest and Chair, 
Statutory Audit Committee, 
Acque Minerali 
 
All Statutory Audit Committee members are in possession of the requisites to hold such office 
by law, in terms of fitness, professional qualifications and independence; and are all registered 
as auditors. 
The address for all members of the Statutory Audit Committee for the duties they discharge is: 
Piazzetta E. Cuccia 1, 20121, Milan, Italy. 
Conflicts of interest among bodies responsible for governance, management and 
supervision 
A ban was instituted pursuant to Article 36 of Italian Decree Law 201/11, as converted into 
Italian Law 214/11, on representatives of banks, insurers and financial companies from holding

--- Page 543 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 543 - 
47-41009328 
 
positions in companies which operate in the same sectors. Each year the Board of Directors 
assesses the positions of the individual directors, which may have changed as a result of 
changes in the activities or size of the other companies in which they hold posts. To this end, 
each director, including in order to avoid potential conflict of interest, shall inform the Board 
of any changes in the positions assumed by them in the course of their term of office. 
Mediobanca also adopts the procedure recommended under Article 136 of the Italian 
Consolidated Banking Act for approval of transactions involving individuals who perform 
duties of management and control in other companies controlled by such parties. 
Members of the bodies responsible for governance, management and supervision are also 
required to comply with the following provisions: 
 
Article 53 of the Italian Banking Act and implementing regulations enacted by the Bank 
of Italy, in particular the supervisory provisions on links with related parties; 
 
Article 2391 of the Italian Civil Code (Directors' Interests); 
 
Article 2391-bis of the Italian Civil Code (Transactions with Related Parties) ) and the 
Consob implementing regulations, in particular the Regulations on Transactions with 
Related Parties approved under resolution no. 17221 of 12 March 2010. 
Transactions with "related parties" are described in part H of the financial statements for the 
twelve months ended 30 June 2020. 
Mediobanca and its governing bodies have adopted internal measures and procedures to ensure 
compliance with the provisions referred to above. 
Main Shareholders 
Information on ownership structure 
No party controls Mediobanca according to the definition provided in Article 93 of the Italian 
Banking Act. 
Based on the shareholders' register and publicly available information as at the 29 October 
2020, the following individuals and entities own directly or indirectly financial instruments 
representing share capital with voting rights in excess of 3% of the company's share capital, 
directly or indirectly, are listed below: 
Shareholder 
No. of shares 
% of share capital 
Leonardo Del Vecchio (1) 
87,738,958 
10.16% 
Bolloré group(2) 
59,690,987 
5.60% 
BlackRock group (3) 
44,171,756 
3.15% 
Mediolanum group 
29,095,110 
3.28%(4) 
(1) Indirect participation held via Delfin SARL (10.16%). 
(2) Of which 5.03% owned via FINANCIERE DU PERGUET SAS. 
(3) In addition to this 3.15% investment, a further stake is owned indirectly by BlackRockInc. (NY), via fifteen asset 
management subsidiaries (cf. form 120 B of 6 August 2020), 0.69% of which as potential investment and 0.13% in other 
long positions with settlement in cash.  
(4) Of which MEDIOLANUM VITA S.p.A. (0.73%) and BANCA MEDIOLANUM S.p.A. (2.55%).

--- Page 544 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 544 - 
47-41009328 
 
Updates relating to information on the main shareholders are published from time to time on 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
www.mediobanca.com 
in 
the 
relevant 
section 
https://www.mediobanca.com/it/governance/azionisti/index.html, without prejudice to the 
obligations set forth in Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation regarding the possible drafting 
of a supplement. 
Shareholders' Agreement 
On 20 December 2018, certain shareholders of Mediobanca holding No. 183,887,317 shares 
representing approximately 20.73% of the share capital of the Issuer entered into a prior 
consultation shareholders' agreement (the "Shareholders' Agreement") pursuant to Article 
122 of the Financial Services Act and the Consob resolution No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as 
subsequently amended. Such Shareholders' Agreement is effective from 1 January 2019. No 
provision is made in the Shareholders' Agreement for commitments in terms of lock-up or votes 
in respect of the shares syndicated to it. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Shareholders' 
Agreement involves shares representing approximately 12.61% of the share capital of the 
Issuer. 
Information on the Shareholders' Agreement may be found on the Issuer's website at 
https://www.mediobanca.com/en/corporate-governance/main-shareholders/shareholder-
consultation-agreement.html.  
Agreements the performance of which may result in a change of control subsequent to 
the date hereof 
Mediobanca is not aware of any agreements aimed at bringing about future changes regarding 
the ownership structure of Mediobanca. 
TREASURY SHARES BUY-BACK PROGRAMME 
The treasury share buyback programme, which the shareholders' meeting had authorised at the 
ordinary on 27 October 2018 and the European Central Bank had approved on 8 November 
2020, ended on 25 March 2020. The purpose of the plan was to equip the bank with operational 
flexibility, providing it with treasury shares to use in potential acquisitions or to execute equity-
based payment plans for group personnel. 
Mediobanca complied with the requirements of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 on the 
volume and price of buybacks and the 30-day black-out period preceding the approval of the 
results for the year or an interim financial report. Furthermore, as provided for by article 2357 
of the Italian Civil Code, the treasury shares were purchased within the limits of distributable 
earnings and available reserves. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Mediobanca holds 26,611,288 treasury shares, equal to 
2.99% of its share capital. 
AUDITORS OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
External auditors and auditors responsible for auditing the financial statements 
At the annual general meeting held on 27 October 2012, the shareholders of Mediobanca 
appointed PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. to audit the Bank's separate and consolidated full-
year and interim financial statements up to and including the financial year ending 30 June

--- Page 545 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 545 - 
47-41009328 
 
2021. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. a company with its registered offices in Piazza Tre Torri 2, 
Milan, Italy, has audited the separate and consolidated financial statements of Mediobanca as 
at 30 June 2020 and as at 30 June 2019. PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A is registered under No. 
119644 in the Register of Accounting Auditors (Registro dei Revisori Legali) maintained by 
MEF (Ministero dell'Economia e delle Finanze) in compliance with the provisions of 
Legislative Decree No. 39 of 27 January 2010, as amended. 
Information regarding resignations, dismissals or failures to renew the appointment of 
the external auditors or the auditors responsible for auditing the financial statements 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, there is no information about any resignation, revocation 
or non-renewal of the engagement of the external auditors or the auditors responsible for 
auditing the financial statements. 
On 28 October 2020, the Shareholders' Meeting of Mediobanca, at the proposal of the Board 
of Statutory Auditors, appointed the auditing firm Ernst & Young to audit the accounts for the 
financial years from 30 June 2022 to 30 June 2030. 
LEGAL AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS  
As at 30 June 2020, none of the proceedings involving Mediobanca and its consolidated 
subsidiaries may have, or have had in the recent past, a material impact on the Group's financial 
position or profitability, and as far as Mediobanca is aware, no litigation, arbitration or 
administrative proceedings which may have such material impact has either been announced 
or is pending.  
A description of the main tax disputes and litigation pending is provided below, purely for 
information purposes: 
Litigation pending and tax disputes 
Civil Proceedings - Claim for damages  
Among the most significant legal proceedings still pending against Mediobanca there are the 
following two claims for damages made respectively by: 
 
Monte dei Paschi di Siena ("FMPS") against – inter alia – Mediobanca, in respect of 
participation with criminal intent by virtue of an alleged non-contractual liability, jointly 
with the other twelve lender banks, for alleged damages to FMPS in connection with the 
execution of the Term Facility Agreement on 4 June 2011 and the consequent breach of 
FMPS's Articles of Association (20% limit on debt/equity ratio) in a total amount of €286m. 
The case is currently pending with the court of Florence, waiting for the Judge to rule on 
the admission of the evidence asked for by the parties; 
 
Lucchini S.p.A. in A.S. ("Lucchini") against 12 banks (including Mediobanca) claiming 
that the banks would have contributed to the economic and financial distress of the 
company for having drawn up and executed an industrial and financial plan of the company 
based on allegedly unrealistic forecasts and a restructuring agreement pursuant to article 
182-bis of the bankruptcy law which provided for guarantees excessively favourable to the 
banks, thus delaying Lucchini's submission to the extraordinary administration procedure.

--- Page 546 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 546 - 
47-41009328 
 
It should be noted that with a ruling on 21 July 2020, the Judge rejected Lucchini's request 
(as amended with the first brief pursuant to Article 183 of the Italian Criminal Code) 
because he deemed the right to compensation brought before the court to be extinguished 
by prescription. The possibility remains open for the company to challenge the judgment 
before the Milan Court of Appeal; 
Tax – Administrative proceedings  
With regard to the disputes pending with the tax authorities, an inspection by the Agenzia delle 
Entrate, which began in 2018 and relates to the financial years 2014/15 and 2015/16 of 
Mediobanca S.p.A., was concluded, in the context of which three macro claims emerged: 
 
non-application of transparency taxation (tassazione per trasparenza), provided for by the 
Controlled Foreign Company ("CFC") regulations, of the income produced by Compagnie 
Monégasque de Banque and Compagnie Monégasque de Gestion for the years 2013, 2014 
and 2015, broken down as follows: 
- 
notice of assessment for Mediobanca's alleged failure to tax on financial year 
2013/2014 profits for a contested tax of € 21.3 million (plus interest and penalties) 
notified at the end of 2018; 
- 
notice of assessment in relation to financial year 2014/2015 (2014 profits) for a 
contested tax of € 16.1 million (plus interest and penalties) notified last December; 
- 
Processo Verbale di Constatazione ("PVC"), issued last October, in relation to the 
financial year 2015/2016 (2015 profits), which has not yet been followed by a notice 
of assessment; 
 
failure to apply withholding taxes on interest paid as part of a secured finance transaction 
challenged with a specific assessment for the year 2014 (tax of € 2.3 million, plus penalties 
and interest) and referred to, for the year 2015, in the PVC issued last October; 
 
dispute over the application of transfer pricing between Mediobanca S.p.A. and 
Mediobanca International S.A. (based in Luxembourg) in the financial years 2012/13 to 
2016/17. With regard to this dispute, last October an agreement was reached with the 
Italian tax authority which involved a disbursement of 21 million, plus interest, but without 
penalties (so-called penalty protection). At the same time, a new transfer pricing 
methodology was shared aimed at minimizing tax risks in the future. On this occasion, 
Mediobanca also voluntarily released reserves of profits (for a total of Euro 42 million) 
from the activities of Mediobanca International prior to 2002, i.e. when the mechanism of 
taxation for transparency of subsidiaries based in a country with a privileged tax status (so-
called black list) was not yet in place; Mediobanca International SA, for its part, is 
preparing a petition to the Luxembourg tax authorities for the recovery of the higher taxes 
paid in relation to the taxable income attributed to Italy by the Italian tax authority. 
With regard to the first two claims, the Issuer appealed against the related measures; last 
November, the appeal filed by the Issuer for the 2018 CFC assessment was discussed before 
the Provincial Tax Commission of Milan and the judgment is pending.

--- Page 547 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 547 - 
47-41009328 
 
Other significant developments of the financial year concern the favourable conclusion of: 
 
tax settlement with the Italian tax authority in relation to the rottamazione delle liti 
pursuant to Article 6 of DL No. 119/2018 for 7 of the 8 disputes of Selma BPM (tax 
assessed for 11.7 million, plus penalties and interest for 35.2 million) which can therefore 
be considered concluded; 
 
litigation relating to the alleged non-payment by Chebanca! of the registration tax on the 
deed of purchase of the Barclays business unit, which concluded with favourable rulings 
by the Court of Appeal, confirming the previous ruling;  
 
relief from the tax collection delivered to Mediobanca last year relating to the automated 
control of Banca Esperia's Unico model 2015. 
Further tax proceedings 
In light of the above, other Group tax litigation proceedings existing as at 30 June 2020 concern: 
 
three litigation proceedings pending in front of the Supreme Court, one of which relating 
to leasing activities (assessed tax of 191,000 Euro), one relating to the former Banca 
Esperia about the alleged failure to report a transfer of money to foreign countries as part 
of the tax monitoring communication, against which penalties were imposed for 5.9 
million Euro (already paid) and the third against Mediobanca SGR which was sued as 
manager of the real estate fund "Marsupio" in relation to the alleged failure to pay 
substitute tax on 3 transactions for a higher assessed tax of 746.000 Euro (charged to the 
fund); 
 
three litigation proceedings relating to the non-reimbursement of VAT for interest accrued 
in the context of Selma BPM's VAT litigation; in particular, the Milan Court of Appeal's 
ruling confirmed the non-reimbursement of interest for 470.000 Euro relating to the 2008 
financial year; 
 
eight litigation proceedings relating to direct and indirect taxes, of minor importance and 
pending at different instances of the Italian court system for a total assessed tax of 1.2 
million Euro. 
Last December, the assessments carried out by the French and German tax authorities on 
Mediobanca's branches in Paris and Frankfurt respectively were concluded; in both cases, the 
assessment, focused on the analysis of the transfer pricing policies in place with the parent 
company, led to a refinement of the policies and the entry into of settlement agreements, 
without incurring in any penalties (except for an irrelevant amount for interest) and taking into 
account the possibility of recovering in Italy the higher taxes paid abroad. 
Proceedings with supervisory authorities 
Mediobanca has no ongoing proceedings with any supervisory authority. 
As far as the Group is concerned, Compass, following proceedings with the Italian Antitrust 
Authority, in relation to the alleged forced combination of financing and insurance products 
not related to loan, has two proceedings pending before the Lazio Regional Administrative 
Court to challenge the measures by which the aforementioned proceedings have been

--- Page 548 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 548 - 
47-41009328 
 
concluded. 
MATERIAL AGREEMENTS 
Neither Mediobanca nor any of the companies controlled by Mediobanca has entered into or 
participates in agreements outside of their normal course of business which could result an 
obligation or entitlement for Group members that would impact significantly on the Issuer's 
ability to meet its obligations in respect of the holders of financial instruments issued or to be 
issued. 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
Mediobanca approved the consolidated financial statements as at 30 June 2020 
On 30 July 2020, the Board of Directors of Mediobanca examined and approved the 
consolidated annual financial statements as at and for the financial year ended 30 June 2020, 
which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  
First green bond issue by Mediobanca 
On 01 September 2020, Mediobanca completed the inaugural issue of its senior preferred green 
bond dedicated to institutional investors. The € 500m green bond, with a seven-year duration 
and a coupon of 1% was priced at 99,564 with a spread of 135 bps over the mid-swap rate.  
The bond is intended to finance or refinance projects which meet the "Green and Sustainable 
Bonds Framework" criteria approved by the Mediobanca Group in June 2020, in line with the 
United Nations Global Compact, to which the Issuer adhered in 2018. This issue confirms 
Mediobanca's commitment to reducing the direct and indirect impact of its business activity, 
by promoting Environmental Social and Governance (ESG) investment products, and through 
initiatives aimed at improving energy efficiency and reducing consumption, as provided in the 
2019-23 strategic plan. Sustainability is an integral part of the Group's strategy that combines 
growth in business and financial solidity with social, environmental and economic 
sustainability, with the objective of creating value for all stakeholders over the long term. 
Mediobanca approved the consolidated quarterly report as at 30 September 2020 
On 27 October 2020, the Board of Directors of Mediobanca examined and approved the 
consolidated quarterly report as at and for the three-month period ended 30 September 2020. 
Mediobanca ordinary and extraordinary annual shareholders' meeting  
On 28 October 2020, the shareholders' meeting of the Issuer examined and approved: (i) as 
extraordinary meeting, certain amendments to the Issuer's by-laws and the three renewals for 
authorisations to the Board of Directors to increase the Issuer's share capital pursuant to Article 
2443 of the Italian Civil Code; and (ii) as ordinary meeting, the Issuer's financial statements as 
at 30 June 2020 and the amount of profit for the period being allocated to reserves.  
In addition, the ordinary shareholders' meeting of Mediobanca also resolved upon: 
(i) 
the appointment of the new Board of Directors of the Issuer until the approval of the 
financial statements for the year ending on 30 June 2023. For further information on the 
Board of Directors, see " – Bodies responsible for governance, management and

--- Page 549 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 549 - 
47-41009328 
 
supervision of Mediobanca – Board of Directors" above; 
(ii) 
the appointment of the new Statutory Audit Committee until the approval of the financial 
statements for the year ending on 30 June 2023. For further information on the Board of 
Directors, see "– Bodies responsible for governance, management and supervision of 
Mediobanca – Statutory Audit Committee" above; 
(iii) the approval of the remuneration and incentivization policies for the 2020-2021 financial 
year, the report on compensation paid in the financial year 2019-2020, the policy in the 
event of the beneficiary leaving office or the employment arrangement being terminated, 
and the 2021-25 performance share scheme; and 
(iv) the engagement of Ernst & Young to audit the company's accounts for the period from 
30 June 2022 to 30 June 2030, setting the remuneration payable to the auditor at €565,250 
per annum (net of any statutory ISTAT increases, out-of-pocket expenses, VAT and 
supervisory contributions). 
Mediobanca approved the consolidated financial statements as at 31 December 2020 
On 9 February 2021, the Board of Directors of Mediobanca examined and approved the un-
audited consolidated half-yearly financial statements as at and for the six-month period ended 
31 December 2020.

--- Page 550 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 550 - 
47-41009328 
 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF MEDIOBANCA – BANCA DI CREDITO 
FINANZIARIO S.P.A. 
The consolidated annual financial statements of Mediobanca as at and for the years ended 30 
June 2020 and 2019 were prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European Union. 
The above consolidated annual financial statements, prepared in each case together with the 
notes thereto, are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. See "Documents 
Incorporated by Reference". 
The annual consolidated financial statements as at 30 June 2020 and 2019 have been audited 
by PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A., whose reports thereon are attached to such annual financial 
statements.

--- Page 551 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 551 - 
47-41009328 
 
INFORMATION ON MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (LUXEMBOURG) S.A. 
General Information 
Name: 
Mediobanca 
International 
(Luxembourg) 
S.A. 
("Mediobanca International"). 
Date of Incorporation: 
Mediobanca International was incorporated in 1990 and its 
registered office was transferred to Luxembourg by a 
resolution of the Shareholders before a notary on 21 
December 2005 and the articles of incorporation were 
published in the Mémorial Recueil des Sociétés et 
Associations number 567 on 17 March 2006. The articles 
of association were amended on 5 October 2007 and were 
published in the Mémorial Recueil des Sociétés et 
Associations number 2995 on 24 December 2007. The 
articles of association were further amended on 30 January 
2017 and were published in the Recueil électronique des 
Sociétés et Associations number RESA_2017_042 of 16 
February 2017. The LEI code of Mediobanca International 
is 549300DV870NBWY5W279. 
Legislation: 
Mediobanca International operates under Luxembourg 
law. 
Registered Office and 
Telephone Number: 
4, Boulevard Joseph II, L-1840 Luxembourg, Tel. No.: 
(00352) 267303-1. 
Registration: 
Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés Luxembourg 
number B 112885. 
Financial Year: 
Mediobanca International's financial year ends on 30th 
June of each year. 
General Meetings: 
General Meetings are held at least once a year. 
Share Information 
Authorised 
and 
Issued 
Capital: 
EUR 10,000,000 divided into 1,000,000 ordinary shares of 
EUR 10.00 each. 
Reserves: 
EUR 331,470,434 as at 30 June 2020. 
Controlling Shareholders: 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Change of control: 
Mediobanca International is not aware of any agreements 
aimed at bringing about future changes regarding the 
ownership structure of Mediobanca International.

--- Page 552 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 552 - 
47-41009328 
 
Management 
Board of Directors: 
The Articles of Association provide for a Board of 
Directors consisting of at least three members elected by 
the general meeting of shareholders for a term of office not 
to exceed six years. 
Directors: 
The Board of Directors is responsible for setting 
authorisation levels, defining organisational structure, 
defining the system of internal control and reviewing it on 
a regular basis, and approving the bank's accounts and 
interim statements. The Board of Directors has been 
appointed by the shareholders meeting held on 16 October 
2020 and is composed as follow: 
 
Director 
Place and date of 
birth 
Posts held 
inside 
Mediobanca 
International 
 
Giovanni Mancuso 
Turin  
on 5 December 
1954 
Chairman 
 
Alessandro Ragni  
Milan  
on 23 May 1977 
Managing 
Director & 
CEO 
 
Massimo Amato 
Lecce  
on 15 January 1958 
Director 
 
Piero Pezzati 
Milan  
on 23 March 1953 
Director 
 
Jessica Spina 
Manchester 
on 27 January 1969 
Director 
 
Stéphane Bosi 
Monticelli 
d'Ongina on 27 
April 1953 
Director 
 
Lara Pizzimiglia 
Piacenza  
on 21 June 1969  
Director 
 
The business address of each of the directors is 4, 
Boulevard Joseph II, L-1840 Luxembourg, with the 
exception of Jessica Spina and Lara Pizzimiglia whose 
business address is Piazzetta E. Cuccia 1, 20121, Milan, 
Italy. 
There are no potential conflicts of interests between any of 
the Directors' duties to Mediobanca International and their 
private interests or other duties.

--- Page 553 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 553 - 
47-41009328 
 
Authorised managers: 
Day-to-day management is entrusted to two authorised 
managers: Alessandro Ragni (Managing Director and 
CEO) and Rocco Cosimo Damiano Di Leo (Chief 
Financial Officer). 
Approved 
independent 
auditors: 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, 
Société 
coopérative, 
incorporated under the laws of Luxembourg, with its 
registered office at 2, rue Gerhard Mercator, B.P. 1443, L-
1014 Luxembourg, and registered with the Luxembourg 
Trade and Companies Register under number B.65477 
("PwC Luxembourg"), was designated, during a meeting 
of the Board of Directors held on 11 September 2012, the 
Mediobanca International's independent auditors (réviseur 
d'entreprises agréé). Their mandate was renewed by the 
Board of Directors on 14 December 2016 for a period 
ending at the shareholders' annual general meeting which 
will be held in 2021. 
PwC Luxembourg, has audited the non-consolidated 
financial statements of Mediobanca International as at and 
for the years ended 30 June 2020 and 30 June 2019 and 
will audit the non-consolidated financial statements of 
Mediobanca International as at and for the year ending 30 
June 2021. 
PwC Luxembourg is registered as a cabinet de révision 
with the public register of company auditors drawn up by 
the Luxembourg Ministry of Justice and is a member of the 
Institute of Independent Auditors (l'Institut des Réviseurs 
d'Entreprises) and is approved by the Commission de 
Surveillance du Secteur Financier ("CSSF") in the context 
of the law dated 23 July 2016 on the audit profession, as 
amended. 
Corporate governance: 
Mediobanca International is not subject to any compulsory 
corporate governance code of conduct or respective 
statutory legal provisions. The Luxembourg law dated 10 
August 1915 on commercial companies, as amended, does 
not make the application of a corporate governance code 
mandatory to Mediobanca International. The Ten 
Principles of Corporate Governance of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange do not apply because the shares of 
Mediobanca International are not listed on a regulated 
market operated by the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
Object and General Business Policy 
Business Operations: 
Article 3 of Mediobanca International's Article of 
Association provides, among other things, that the sole 
object of Mediobanca International is to carry out, either 
within or outside the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, any

--- Page 554 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 554 - 
47-41009328 
 
banking or financial operations authorised by the law 
relating to the financial sector. 
 
Mediobanca International's principal activity consists of 
raising funds on international markets, by issues of bonds 
chiefly under a short and medium-term notes programme 
guaranteed by Mediobanca. Mediobanca International is 
also engaged in corporate lending operations. 
Risk Management: 
All interest rate, currency, credit and other risks are 
managed within the Mediobanca Group. 
Tax Treatment: 
See "Taxation - (B) Tax Regime for Mediobanca 
International issues – Luxembourg". 
 
Main financial information of Mediobanca International 
Selected annual financial information. The summary audited balance sheet, profit and loss 
account and cash flow statement of Mediobanca International as at 30 June 2020 are shown 
below, along with comparative data for the year ended 30 June 2019. 
MAIN STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION 
ITEMS 
 
Year ended 30 June 
 
 
2020 
2019 
CHANGES 
2020/2019 
 
 
€m 
€m 
% 
Assets 
 
 
 
Financial assets valued at amortised cost – due from banks 
2,086.4 
3,287.1 
-36.5% 
Financial assets valued at amortised cost – due from 
customers 
4,142.3 
4,506.1 
-8.1% 
Financial assets* 
160.1 
74.1 
116.1% 
Total Assets 
6,428.6 
7,888.6 
-18.5% 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
Financial liabilities valued at amortised cost – debt 
securities in issue 
3,137.7 
4,127.4 
-24.0% 
Financial liabilities valued at amortised cost – due to banks 
2,696.5 
3,242.8 
-16.8& 
Financial liabilities valued at amortised cost – due to 
customers 
133.3 
110.0 
21.2% 
Financial liabilities valued at FVTPL 
118.8 
55.6 
113.7% 
Net equity** 
341.5 
338.2 
1.0% 
of which: share capital 
10.0 
10.0 
- 
Profit for the period 
-10.8 
3.2 
-437.5% 
Total Liabilities 
6,428.6 
7,888.6 
-18.5% 
* 
Includes financial assets valued at FVTPL and hedging derivatives 
** 
Includes reserves and share capital.

--- Page 555 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 555 - 
47-41009328 
 
MAIN STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE 
INCOME ITEMS 
 
Year ended 30 June 
 
 
2020 
2019 
CHANGES 
2020/2019 
 
 
€m 
€m 
% 
Net interest income 
5.4 
12.2 
-55.7% 
Net fee and commission income 
5.7 
5.0 
14.0% 
Total income 
11.9 
17.9 
-33.5% 
Net income from financial operations 
-1.9 
14.4 
-113.2% 
Administrative expenses 
-9.6 
-10.1 
-5.0% 
Profit of the ordinary activity before tax 
-13.2 
4.3 
-407% 
Profit for the year 
-10.8 
3.2 
-437.5% 
 
CASH FLOW STATEMENT 
Year ended 30 June 
 
 
CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 
2020 
2019 
 
(€ thousands) 
Operating activities 
-2,366 
35,213 
Cash generated/(absorbed) by financial assets 
1,641,287 
-66,898 
Cash (generated)/absorbed by financial liabilities 
-1,638,921 
-2,306 
Cash flow from operating activities 
- 
-33,991 
 
  
 
CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 
  
 
Cash flow from investing activities 
- 
 
 
  
 
CAPITAL MANAGEMENT 
  
 
Cash flow from capital management activities 
 
15,000 
 
  
 
NET CASH INFLOW (OUTFLOW) DURING THE YEAR 
- 
-18,991

--- Page 556 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 556 - 
47-41009328 
 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL 
(LUXEMBOURG) S.A. 
Mediobanca International only produces non-consolidated annual financial statements. 
The non-consolidated annual financial statements of Mediobanca International as at and for the 
years ended 30 June 2020 and 2019, in each case together with the notes thereto, are 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. See "Documents Incorporated by 
Reference". 
The non-consolidated annual financial statements of Mediobanca International as at and for the 
years ended 30 June 2020 and 2019 have been prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted 
by the European Union. 
The non-consolidated annual financial statements as at and for the year ended 30 June 2020 
and 2019 have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société coopérative, whose reports 
thereon are attached to such non-consolidated annual financial statements.

--- Page 557 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 557 - 
47-41009328 
 
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 
References in this Base Prospectus to "Permanent Dealers" are to the persons listed in the 
paragraph headed "Dealers" in the section headed "Description of the Structured Note Issuance 
Programme" above and to such additional persons which are appointed from time to time as 
dealers in respect of the whole Programme (and whose appointment has not been terminated) 
and references to "Dealers" are to all Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed from time 
to time as a dealer solely in respect of one or more Tranches. 
Subject to the terms and conditions contained in a dealer agreement dated 12 March 2021 as 
further amended or supplemented from time to time (the "Dealer Agreement") between the 
Issuers, the Guarantor, the Arrangers and the Permanent Dealers, the Notes will be offered on 
a continuous basis by each Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the relevant Issuer has 
reserved the right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers which are not Permanent 
Dealers. The relevant Issuer may also offer and sell Notes directly to investors without the 
involvement of any Dealer. The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices 
related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may 
also be sold by the relevant Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of such Issuer. The 
Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches which are jointly 
and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Dealer Agreement, the relevant Issuer, failing 
whom, where applicable, the Guarantor, has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain 
liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement may be 
terminated in relation to all the Dealers or any of them by Mediobanca and Mediobanca 
International, acting together or, in relation to itself and Mediobanca and Mediobanca 
International only, by any Dealer, at any time on giving not less than ten Business Days' notice. 
General 
The selling restrictions described below may be modified by the agreement of the relevant 
Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable) and the Dealers following a change in a relevant law, 
regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the 
Notes, or possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or 
any Final Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme has agreed that it will 
comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in force in each jurisdiction in which 
it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes the Base 
Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and will obtain any consent, 
approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes 
under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it 
makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor 
(where applicable), nor any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefore.

--- Page 558 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 558 - 
47-41009328 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms (or, as the case may be, Drawdown Prospectus) in respect of any Notes 
specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (UE) 2016/97 as amended, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable 
an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
European Economic Area 
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes 
specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "not applicable", in relation to each 
Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has represented, warranted and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus, as the case may be, in relation thereto to the public in that Member State, except 
that it may make an offer of Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
if the final terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be 
made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member 
State (a "Non-exempt Offer"), following the date of publication of a prospectus in 
relation to such Notes which has been approved by the competent authority in that 
Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another Member State and notified to 
the competent authority in that Member State, provided that any such prospectus has 
subsequently been completed by the final terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, 
in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on 
the dates specified in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable and the Issuer has 
consented in writing to its use for the purpose of the Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation;

--- Page 559 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 559 - 
47-41009328 
 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons other than qualified investors as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
It being understood that, any offer of Notes whose Final Terms specifies "Prohibition of Sales 
to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable" could be subject to further selling restrictions to 
retail investors and consequently no key information document, under Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended), may be available. Therefore, offering or selling the Notes, or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(i) 
an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes in any Member State means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase 
or subscribe the Notes; and 
(ii) 
the "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended from 
time to time. 
Ireland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered sold, underwritten or 
placed and will not offer, sell, underwrite or place or do anything with respect to the Notes in 
Ireland: 
(a) 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of (i) the European Union (Markets in 
Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 of Ireland, as amended, (the "MiFID 
Regulations"), including, without limitation, Regulation 5 (Requirement for 
authorisation (and certain provisions concerning MTFs and OTFs)) thereof and in 
connection with the MiFID Regulations, any applicable codes of conduct or rules, any 
conditions or requirements, or any other enactment, imposed or approved by the Central 
Bank of Ireland and (ii) the provisions of the Investor Compensation Act 1998 of 
Ireland, as amended; 
(b) 
otherwise than in conformity with all applicable provisions of Directive 2014/65/EU, 
as amended, and Regulation (EU) No 600/2014, as amended, and in connection with 
the foregoing, all relevant implementing measures, delegated acts and guidance, and is 
operating within the terms of any authorisation thereunder; 
(c) 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on market abuse, as 
amended, the European Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 2016 of Ireland, as 
amended, and any Irish market abuse law as defined in those Regulations and the

--- Page 560 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 560 - 
47-41009328 
 
Companies Act 2014 of Ireland, as amended, (the "2014 Act") and any rules made or 
guidance issued by the Central Bank of Ireland in connection therewith, including any 
rules or guidelines issued by the Central Bank of Ireland under Section 1370 of the 
2014 Act; and 
(d) 
otherwise than in conformity with (i) the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended, and any delegated or implementing acts adopted thereunder, 
the European Union (Prospectus) Regulations 2019 of Ireland, as amended, and any 
other Irish prospectus law as defined in the 2014 Act , the Central Bank (Investment 
Market Conduct) Rules 2019 of Ireland, and any other rules made or guidelines issued 
under Section 1363 of the 2014 Act by the Central Bank of Ireland, (ii) the provisions 
of the 2014 Act, (iii) the provisions of the Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2018 of Ireland 
and any code of conduct rules made under Section 117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989 
of Ireland, as amended, , and (iv) every other enactment that is to be read together with 
any of the foregoing Acts, 
as each of the foregoing may be amended, restated, supplemented and/or otherwise replaced 
from time to time. 
United States of America 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1993, as 
amended (the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other 
jurisdictions of the United States, and may not be offered or sold within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a U.S. person, subject to certain 
exemptions. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that, except as permitted by the Dealer 
Agreement, it will not offer sell or deliver the Notes (i) as part of their distribution at any time 
or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after completion of the distribution of the Notes comprising the 
relevant Tranche as determined, and certified to the relevant Issuer or the Fiscal Agent by such 
Dealer (or, in the case of a sale of a Tranche of Notes to or through more than one Dealer, by 
each of such Dealers as to the Notes of such Tranche purchased by or through it in which case 
the Fiscal Agent or the relevant Issuer shall notify each such Dealer when all such Dealers have 
so certified) within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each 
Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to agree, that it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the 
distribution compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the 
restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within the 
United States of America by any Dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may

--- Page 561 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 561 - 
47-41009328 
 
violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise 
than in accordance with an applicable exemption from registration under the Securities Act (if 
available). 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes 
incudes the legend "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case 
may be) to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision:  
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and  
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means 
of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes does not include the legend "Prohibition of Sales to 
UK Retail Investors", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made 
and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the United 
Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom:  
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation;  
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject 
to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer 
for any such offer; or  
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,

--- Page 562 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 562 - 
47-41009328 
 
provided that no such offer of Notes shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "an offer of Notes to the public" in relation 
to any Notes means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
In relation to each Tranche of Notes, each Dealer, subscribing for or purchasing such Notes, 
represents to and agrees with the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable) and each 
other such Dealer (if any) appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year from 
the date of issue: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes 
of its business; and 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing 
or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of 
their businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") by the relevant Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will 
only communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage 
in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in 
connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) 
of the FSMA does not apply to the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (where applicable); 
and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of 
the FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or 
otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, 
accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree that, save as set out below, it has not

--- Page 563 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 563 - 
47-41009328 
 
offered or sold, and will not make an offer of any Notes to the public in the Republic of Italy 
and that sales of the Notes in the Republic of Italy shall be effected in accordance with all 
Italian securities, tax and exchange control and other applicable laws and regulations. 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree that it will not offer, sell or deliver any 
Notes or distribute copies of this Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the Notes 
in the Republic of Italy except: 
(1) 
that each Dealer may make an offer of Notes to the public if the final terms in relation 
to the Notes specify that a Non-exempt Offer may be made in the Republic of Italy, 
including without limitation, by means of an offer of Notes to the public following the 
date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes and provided that such 
prospectus has been (i) approved in another Member State and notified to CONSOB 
and (ii) completed by final terms expressly contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 
1998, as amended ("Financial Services Act") and CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 
14 May 1999, as amended ("Regulation No. 11971/1999"), in the period beginning and 
ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable; 
(2) 
to "qualified investors" (investitori qualificati), as referred to in the Prospectus 
Regulation; or 
(3) 
in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings, as 
provided under the Prospectus Regulation, Financial Services Act or Regulation 
11971/1999. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus 
or any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must be: 
(a) 
made by investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such 
activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 
September 1993, as amended from time to time (the "Italian Banking Act"), Financial 
Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, as amended from 
time to time, and any other applicable laws and regulations; 
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Italian Banking Act and the implementing 
guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time, pursuant to which the 
Bank of Italy may request information on the issue or the offer of securities in the 
Republic of Italy or by Italian person outside the Republic of Italy; and 
(c) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirements imposed 
by CONSOB or the Bank of Italy or any other Italian regulatory authority. 
Provisions relating to the secondary market 
Potential investor should also note in connection with the subsequent distribution of Notes in 
the Republic of Italy, in accordance with Article 100-bis of the Financial Services Act, where 
no exemption from the rules on public offerings applies under paragraphs (2) and (3) above, 
the subsequent distribution of the Notes on the secondary market in the Republic of Italy must 
be made in compliance with the public offer and the prospectus requirement rules provided

--- Page 564 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 564 - 
47-41009328 
 
under the Financial Services Act and Regulation No. 11971/1999. Failure to comply with such 
rules may result in the sale of such Notes being declared null and void and in the intermediaries 
transferring the Notes being liable for any damages suffered by investors or potential investors. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948), as amended (the "FIEA" or the "Financial 
Instruments and Exchange Act"). Accordingly, each Dealer has undertaken and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to undertake that it has not, directly or 
indirectly, and will not, directly or indirectly, offer to sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the 
benefit of, any Japanese Person or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in 
Japan or to any Japanese Person except under circumstances which will result in compliance 
with all applicable laws, regulations and guidelines promulgated by the relevant Japanese 
governmental and regulatory authorities and in effect at the relevant time. For the purposes of 
this paragraph, "Japanese Person" shall mean any person resident in Japan, including any 
corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan.

--- Page 565 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 565 - 
47-41009328 
 
TAXATION 
The tax laws of the investor's Member State and of the issuer's Member State of 
incorporation might have an impact on the income received from the securities. 
Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which 
countries' tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and 
receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the 
consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries. 
The following is a general overview of certain Italian, Luxembourg and Irish tax consequences 
of the purchase, ownership and disposal of the Notes. It does not purport to be a comprehensive 
description of all the tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, 
purchase, own or dispose of the Notes and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences 
applicable to all categories of investors and of Notes, some of which (such as dealers in 
securities or commodities, certain non-Italian resident Noteholders purchasing Notes 
convertible or exchangeable into shares and holders of certain Credit Linked Notes) may be 
subject to special rules. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes are advised to consult in any case their own tax advisers 
concerning the overall tax consequences of their purchase, ownership and disposal of the 
Notes. 
This summary assumes that Mediobanca and Mediobanca International are resident for tax 
purposes in the Republic of Italy and in Luxembourg respectively and are structured and 
conduct their business in the manner outlined in this Prospectus. Changes in Mediobanca 
and/or Mediobanca International's organisational structure, tax residence or the manner in 
which each of them conducts its business, as well as in case of Substitution of the Issuer as fully 
set out in Condition 13 of the Base Terms and Conditions of the Notes, may invalidate this 
summary. This overview also assumes that each transaction with respect to the Notes is at 
arm's length. 
Where in this overview English terms and expressions are used to refer to Italian, Luxembourg 
and Irish concepts, the meaning to be attributed to such terms and expressions shall be the 
meaning to be attributed to the equivalent Italian, Luxembourg and Irish concepts under 
Italian, Luxembourg and Irish tax laws. 
This overview is based upon the laws and/or practice in force as at the date of this Prospectus, 
which are subject to any changes in law and/or practice occurring after such date, which could 
be made on a retroactive basis. 
Neither Mediobanca nor Mediobanca International will update this summary to reflect 
changes in laws and/or practice. If any such change should occur, the information in this 
summary could become obsolete. 
(A) 
Italian Taxation of the Notes issued by Mediobanca 
The Notes issued by Mediobanca may be subject to different tax regimes depending on 
whether: 
 
they qualify as bonds (obbligazioni) or securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle 
obbligazioni) implying a capital investment (impiego di capitale); or

--- Page 566 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 566 - 
47-41009328 
 
 
they qualify as atypical securities (titoli atipici); or 
 
they qualify as derivative financial instruments or bundles of derivative financial 
instruments. 
Depending on the features of the Notes, the following Italian tax treatments may apply to the 
Notes. 
1. 
NOTES QUALIFYING AS BONDS OR SECURITIES SIMILAR TO BONDS 
Decree No. 239 regulates the tax treatment of interest, premium and other income including 
the difference between the redemption amount and the issue price) (hereinafter collectively 
referred to as "Interest") from certain securities issued, inter alia, by Italian resident banks. 
The provisions of Decree No. 239 only apply to those Notes which qualify as bonds 
(obbligazioni) or securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) pursuant to 
Article 44 of Decree No. 917. For this purpose, securities similar to bonds are securities that 
(i) entail an unconditional obligation to pay, at maturity, an amount not lower than their 
nominal value (with or without payment of periodic interest) and (ii) do not give any right to 
directly or indirectly participate in the management of the issuer or of the business in relation 
to which the securities are issued nor any type of control on the management. 
1.1 
Italian resident Noteholders 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, payments of Interest accrued on Notes issued by Mediobanca are 
subject to a substitute tax, referred to as imposta sostitutiva, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. in 
the Republic of Italy (either when Interest is paid or when payment thereof is obtained by the 
holder on a sale of the Notes) if made to beneficial owners who are: 
(1) 
individuals resident in the Republic of Italy for tax purposes, holding the Notes not in 
connection with entrepreneurial activities; or 
(2) 
Italian resident partnerships (other than "società in nome collettivo", or "società in 
accomandita semplice" or similar partnerships), or a de facto partnerships not carrying 
out commercial activities or professional associations; or 
(3) 
Italian resident private or public institutions, other than companies, trusts not carrying 
out mainly or exclusively commercial activities, the Italian State and public and 
territorial entities; or 
(4) 
investors exempt from Italian corporate income tax. 
All the above categories are qualified as "net recipients" (unless they have entrusted the 
management of their financial assets, including the Notes, to an authorised intermediary and 
has opted for the so-called "regime del risparmio gestito" (the "Asset Management Regime"), 
according to Article 7 of Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997, as amended and supplemented 
from time to time ("Decree No. 461").  
In the event that the Noteholders described above under (1) and (3) are engaged in an 
entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected, the substitute tax applies as a 
provisional income tax. As a consequence, Interest on the Notes will be included in the relevant 
beneficial owner's Italian income tax return and will be subject to ordinary income tax and the 
substitute tax may be recovered as a deduction from the income tax due.

--- Page 567 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 567 - 
47-41009328 
 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Interest 
in respect of Notes that qualify as bonds (obbligazioni) or securities similar to bonds (titoli 
similari alle obbligazioni) received by Italian resident individuals holding the Notes not in 
connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative 
Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be 
exempt from any income taxation, including the 26 per cent. substitute tax on Interest if the 
Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo 
termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1, paragraphs 100 – 114, of Law No. 
232 of 11 December 2016 ("Law No. 232") and Article 1, paragraphs 211-215, of Law no. 145 
of 30 December 2018 ("Law No. 145") and in Article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124 of October 
26, 2019 ("Law Decree No. 124") as amended and applicable from time to time. Pursuant to 
Article 1, paragraphs 219-225 of Law n. 178 of 30 December 2020 as further amended and 
applicable from time to time ("Finance Act 2021"), it is further provided that Italian resident 
individuals investing in long-term individual savings account compliant with Article 13-bis, 
paragraph 2-bis of Decree 124 may benefit from a tax credit corresponding to possible capital 
losses, losses and negative differences realised in respect of certain qualifying financial 
instruments comprised in the long-term individual savings account, provided that certain 
conditions and requirements are met (e.g. including the loss of the possibility to subsequently 
set off the relevant capital losses, losses and negative differences against future capital gains). 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, società di 
intermediazione mobiliare (so-called "SIMs"), fiduciary companies, società di gestione del 
risparmio ("SGRs"), stockbrokers and other qualified entities identified by a decree of the 
Ministry of Finance ("Intermediaries" and each an "Intermediary") that must (i) be resident 
in Italy, or by permanent establishments in Italy of non-Italian resident Intermediaries or an 
entity or a company not resident in Italy, acting through a system of centralised administration 
of securities and directly connected with the Department of Revenue of Italian Ministry of 
Finance having appointed an Italian representative for the purposes of Decree No. 239, and (ii) 
intervene in any way in the collection of Interest or, also as transferees, in the transfers or, 
disposals of the Notes. For the purpose of the application of the substitute tax, a transfer of 
notes includes any assignment or other act, either with or without consideration, which results 
in a change of the ownership of the relevant notes or in a change of the Intermediary with which 
the notes are deposited. 
Where the Notes and the relevant coupons are not deposited with an Italian resident 
Intermediary (or with a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign Intermediary), the 
substitute tax is applied and withheld by any Italian resident Intermediary paying Interest to 
the holders of the Notes or, in its absence, by the Issuer. 
Interest payments will not be subject to the 26 per cent. substitute tax if made to beneficial 
owners who are: 
(1) 
Italian resident corporations or permanent establishments in Italy of non resident 
corporations to which the Notes are effectively connected; 
(2) 
Italian resident partnerships carrying out commercial activities ("società in 
accomandita semplice" or "società in nome collettivo"); 
(3) 
Italian resident open-ended or closed-ended collective investment funds (together the 
"Funds" and each a "Fund"), Italian investment companies with variable capital 
("SICAVs"), Italian resident non-real estate investment companies with fixed capital

--- Page 568 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 568 - 
47-41009328 
 
("SICAFs"), Italian resident pension funds referred to in Legislative Decree No. 252 of 
5 December 2005 ("Decree No. 252"), Italian resident real estate investment funds 
("Real Estate Funds") and Italian real estate investment companies with fixed capital 
("Real Estate SICAFs") subject to the regime provided for by Law Decree No. 351 of 
25 September 2001; 
(4) 
Italian resident individuals holding the Notes not in connection with entrepreneurial 
activity who have entrusted the management of their financial assets, including the 
Notes, to an Italian authorised financial intermediary and have opted for the Asset 
Management Regime. 
Such categories are qualified as "gross recipients". To ensure payment of Interest in respect of 
the Notes without the application of substitute tax, gross recipients indicated here above under 
(1) to (4) must: (a) be the beneficial owners of payments of Interest on the Notes and (b) timely 
deposit the Notes together with the coupons relating to such Notes directly or indirectly with 
an Italian authorised financial intermediary (or a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign 
Intermediary). Where the Notes and the relevant coupons are not deposited with an Italian 
intermediary (or a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign Intermediary), the substitute 
tax is applied and withheld by any Italian Intermediary paying Interest to the holders of the 
Notes or, absent that, by the Issuer. 
Where the Notes and the relevant coupons are not deposited with an Intermediary, the substitute 
tax is applied and withheld by any Italian Intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of 
foreign intermediary) which intervenes in the payment of Interest to any Noteholder or by the 
Issuer and Noteholders who are Italian resident companies or permanent establishments in Italy 
of foreign corporations to which the Notes are effectively connected are entitled to deduct the 
substitute tax suffered from income taxes due. 
Italian resident individuals holding Notes not in connection with entrepreneurial activity who 
have opted for the Asset Management Regime in connection with their investment in the Notes 
are subject to a 26 per cent. annual substitute tax (the "Asset Management Tax") on the 
increase in value of the managed assets accrued at the end of each tax year (which increase 
would include Interest accrued on the Notes during the holding period). The Asset Management 
Tax is applied on behalf of the taxpayer by the managing authorised intermediary. 
If the investor is resident in Italy and is a Fund, a SICAV or a non-real estate SICAF and the 
relevant Notes are held by an authorised intermediary, Interest accrued during the holding 
period on such Notes will not be subject to substitute tax, but must be included in the financial 
results of the Fund, SICAV or non-real estate SICAF. The Fund, SICAV or SICAF will not be 
subject to taxation on such result, but a withholding tax of 26 per cent. will apply, in certain 
circumstances, to distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders (the "Collective 
Investment Fund Tax"). 
Where a Noteholder is a Real Estate Fund or a Real Estate SICAF to which the provisions of 
Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September, 2001, as subsequently amended, apply, Interest accrued 
on the Notes will be subject neither to substitute tax nor to any other income tax in the hands 
of a Real Estate Fund or a Real Estate SICAF. The income of the real Estate Fund or of the 
Real Estate SICAF is subject to tax, in the hands of the unitholder, depending on the status and 
percentage of participation, or, when earned by the Fund, through distribution and/or upon 
redemption or disposal of the units.

--- Page 569 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 569 - 
47-41009328 
 
Where a Noteholder is an Italian resident pension funds subject to the regime provided by 
Article 17 of Decree No. 252, Interest relating to the Notes and accrued during the holding 
period will not be subject to substitute tax, but will be subject to a 20 per cent. tax (the "Pension 
Fund Tax") on the increase in value of the managed assets accrued at the end of each tax year 
(which increase would include Interest accrued on the Notes during the holding period). 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including minimum holding period), Interest 
relating to the Notes may be excluded from the taxable base of the Pension Fund Tax if the 
Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo 
termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1, paragraphs 100-114 of Law No. 232 
and Article 1, paragraphs 211-215, of Law No. 145, and in Article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 
124 as amended and applicable from time to time. Pursuant to Article 1, paragraphs 219-225 
of the Finance Act 2021, it is further provided that Italian resident individuals investing in long-
term individual savings account compliant with Article 13-bis, paragraph 2-bis of Decree 124 
may benefit from a tax credit corresponding to possible capital losses, losses and negative 
differences realised in respect of certain qualifying financial instruments comprised in the long-
term individual savings account, provided that certain conditions and requirements are met 
(e.g. including the loss of the possibility to subsequently set off the relevant capital losses, 
losses and negative differences against future capital gains). 
Interest accrued on the Notes by beneficial owners who are Italian resident corporations and 
permanent establishments in Italy of foreign entities to which the Notes are effectively 
connected are subject to tax in Italy in accordance with ordinary rules and would be included 
in the taxable income for corporate income tax purposes (IRES), currently applying at a rate of 
24 per cent. (increased by an additional tax at the rate of 3.5 in case of Bank of Italy and 
financial institutions, with the exclusion of SGRs) and in certain circumstances, depending on 
the "status" of the Noteholder also in the net value of production for the purposes of regional 
tax on productive activities (IRAP), generally applying at a rate of 3.9 per cent. (which may be 
varied by each Italian Region by up to 0.92 per cent.). 
1.2 
Non-Italian resident Noteholders 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, payments of Interest accrued on Notes issued by Mediobanca 
which qualify as bonds (obbligazioni) or securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle 
obbligazioni) will not be subject to the 26 per cent. substitute tax if made to beneficial owners 
who are non-Italian resident beneficial owners of Notes not having a permanent establishment 
in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected, provided that: 
 
such beneficial owners are resident for tax purposes in a State or territory which allows 
for an adequate exchange of information with the Italian tax authorities as included in 
the Decree of the Minister of Finance dated 4 September 1996, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time (last amendment being made by Italian Ministerial 
Decree dated 23 March, 2017) and possibly further amended by future decrees issued 
pursuant to Article 11, ( 4)(c) of Decree No. 239 (the "White List"); and 
 
all the requirements and procedures set forth in Decree No. 239 and the relevant 
implementing rules in order to benefit from the exemption from the substitute tax have 
been promptly and properly complied with in due time. 
Decree No. 239, also provides for additional exemptions from the substitute tax for payments 
of Interest in respect of the Notes made to (i) international bodies and organisations established

--- Page 570 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 570 - 
47-41009328 
 
in accordance with international agreements ratified in Italy, (ii) certain foreign institutional 
investors resident or established in State or territory included in the White List, even if they do 
not have the status of taxpayer in their own country of establishment; and (iii) Central Banks 
or entities which manage, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State. 
To ensure payment of Interest in respect of the Notes without the application of the substitute 
tax, non-Italian resident investors indicated above must: 
 
be the beneficial owners of payments of Interest on the Notes; 
 
 deposit the Notes in due time together with the coupons relating to such Notes directly 
or indirectly with an Italian bank or SIM or with a permanent establishment in Italy of 
a non-Italian resident bank or SIM, or with a non-Italian resident entity participating in 
a centralised securities management system which is in contact, via computer, with the 
Italian Ministry of Economics, and 
 
file in due time with the relevant depository a statement (autocertificazione) stating, 
inter alia, to be resident, for tax purposes, or established, as the case may be, in a State 
or territory included in the White List. Such statement which is requested neither for 
international bodies nor for entities set up in accordance with international agreements 
ratified by Italy nor for foreign Central Banks or entities managing, inter alia, official 
State reserves - must comply with the requirements set forth by Italian Ministerial 
Decree of 12 December 2001 and is valid until withdrawn or revoked. Additional 
statements may be required for non-Italian resident Noteholders who are institutional 
investors. 
Failure of a non-resident holder of the Notes to comply in due time with the procedures set 
forth in Decree No. 239 and in the relevant implementation rules will result in the application 
of the substitute tax on the Interest payments to a non-resident holder of the Notes. 
Non-resident holders of the Notes who are subject to substitute tax might, nevertheless, be 
eligible for a total or partial relief under an applicable double taxation treaty between the 
Republic of Italy and the country of residence of the relevant holder of the Notes. 
1.3 
Fungible Issues 
Pursuant to Article 11, paragraph 2 of Decree No. 239, where the relevant issuer issues a new 
tranche forming part of a single series with a previous tranche, for the purposes of calculating 
the amount of interest subject to substitute tax, the issue price of the new tranche will be deemed 
to be the same as the issue price of the original tranche. This rule applies where (a) the new 
tranche is issued within 12 months from the issue date of the previous tranche, and (b) the 
difference between the issue price of the new tranche and that of the original tranche does not 
exceed 1 per cent. of the nominal value of the notes multiplied by the number of years of the 
duration of the notes. 
1.4 
Capital gains tax 
Any gain obtained from the sale or redemption of the Notes would be treated as part of the 
taxable business income (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the "status" of the 
Noteholder, also as part of the net value of the production for IRAP purposes) if realised by 
Italian resident companies, Italian resident partnerships carrying out commercial activities or

--- Page 571 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 571 - 
47-41009328 
 
similar commercial entities (including Italian permanent establishments of foreign entities to 
which the Notes are connected) or Italian resident individuals engaged in an entrepreneurial 
activity to which the Notes are connected. 
Pursuant to Decree No. 461, where an Italian resident Noteholder is (i) an individual not 
engaged in an entrepreneurial activities to which the Notes are connected, (ii) an Italian resident 
partnership not carrying out commercial activities or (iii) an Italian private or public institution 
not carrying out manily or esxclusively commercial activities, any capital gain realised by such 
Noteholder from the sale or transfer for consideration of the Notes would be subject to a 
substitute tax (imposta sostitutiva), levied at the current rate of 26 per cent.. Noteholders may 
generally offset against capital losses with gains of the same nature. 
For the purposes of determining the taxable capital gain, any Interest on the Notes accrued and 
unpaid up to the time of the purchase and the sale of the Notes must be deducted from the 
purchase price and the sale price, respectively. 
In respect of the application of such substitute tax, taxpayers may opt for one of the three 
regimes described below. 
Under the so called "regime della dichiarazione" (the "Tax Declaration Regime"), which is 
the standard regime for taxation of capital gains, the 26% substitute tax on capital gains will be 
chargeable, on a cumulative basis, on all capital gains, net of any incurred capital loss of the 
same nature, realised pursuant to all investment transactions carried out during any given tax 
year. The overall capital gains realised in any tax year, net of any incurred capital loss of the 
same nature, must be reported in the relevant annual tax return and the substitute tax must be 
paid on such gains together with any balance income tax due for the relevant tax year. Capital 
losses in excess of capital gains may be carried forward against capital gains of the same nature 
realised in any of the four succeeding tax years.  
As an alternative to the Tax Declaration Regime, the holders of the Notes who are: 
 
Italian resident individuals not engaged in entrepreneurial activities to which the Notes 
are connected; 
 
Italian resident partnerships not carrying out commercial activities; 
 
Italian private or public institutions not carrying out mainly or exclusively commercial 
activities, 
may elect to pay the substitute tax separately on capital gains realised on each sale or transfer 
or redemption of the Notes under the so called "regime del risparmio amministrato" (the 
"Administrative Savings Regime"), according to Article 6 of Decree No. 461. Such separate 
taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to (i) the Notes being deposited with Italian banks, 
SIMs or certain authorised financial intermediaries (or permanent establishments in Italy of 
foreign intermediaries) and (ii) an express election for the Administrative Savings Regime 
being timely made in writing by the relevant Noteholder. The depository is responsible for 
accounting for substitute tax in respect of capital gains realised on each sale or transfer or 
redemption of the Notes, as well as on capital gains realised as at revocation of its mandate, 
net of any relevant incurred capital loss of the same nature, and is required to pay the relevant 
amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the holder of the Notes, deducting a 
corresponding amount from the proceeds to be credited to the Noteholder or using funds

--- Page 572 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 572 - 
47-41009328 
 
provided by the Noteholder for this purpose. Where a sale or transfer or redemption of the 
Notes results in a capital loss, such loss may be offset against capital gains of the same nature 
subsequently realised, within the same relationship of deposit, in the same tax year or in the 
following tax years up to the fourth. Under the Administrative Savings Regime, the Noteholder 
is not required to declare the capital gains in the annual tax return. 
Where the Notes are part of a portfolio managed under the Asset Management Regime by an 
Italian asset management company or an authorised financial intermediary, the capital gains 
realised upon sale, transfer or redemption of the Notes will not be subject to the substitute tax 
on capital gains but will contribute the determination of the annual accrued appreciation of the 
managed portfolio, subject to the Asset Management Tax. Any depreciation of the managed 
portfolio at year end may be carried forward against appreciation accrued in each of the 
following years up to the fourth. Under the Asset Management Regime, the Noteholder is not 
required to declare the capital gains realised in the annual tax return. 
Subject to certain conditions, capital gains in respect of Notes that qualify as bonds 
(obbligazioni) or securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) realised upon sale, 
transfer or redemption by Italian resident individuals holding the Notes not in connection with 
an entrepreneurial activity may be exempt from taxation, including the substitute tax of 26 per 
cent., if the Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano individuale di risparmio 
a lungo termine) pursuant Article 1, paragraph 100 – 114, of Law No. 232 and Article 1, 
paragraphs 211-215, of Law No. 145, and in Article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124 as amended 
and applicable from time to time. Pursuant to Article 1, paragraphs 219-225 of the Finance Act 
2021, it is further provided that Italian resident individuals investing in long-term individual 
savings account compliant with Article 13-bis, paragraph 2-bis of Decree 124 may benefit from 
a tax credit corresponding to possible capital losses, losses and negative differences realised in 
respect of certain qualifying financial instruments comprised in the long-term individual 
savings account, provided that certain conditions and requirements are met (e.g. including the 
loss of the possibility to subsequently set off the relevant capital losses, losses and negative 
differences against future capital gains). 
Any capital gains on Notes held by Funds, SICAVs and non-real estate SICAFs contribute to 
determine the increase in value of the managed assets of the Funds, SICAVs or non-real estate 
SICAFs accrued at the end of each tax year. The Funds, SICAVs or SICAFs will not be subject 
to taxation on such increase, but the Collective Investment Fund Tax will apply, in certain 
circumstances, to distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders. 
Where a Noteholder is an Italian resident Real Estate Fund or Real Estate SICAF, to which the 
provisions of Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001, as subsequently amended, apply, 
capital gains realised will be subject neither to substitute tax nor to any other income tax in the 
hands of the Real Estate Fund or Real Estate SICAF. The income of the Real Estate Fund or 
Real Estate SICAF is subject to tax, in the hands of the unitholder, depending on the status and 
percentage of participation, or, when earned by the Real Estate Fund or Real Estate SICAF, 
through distribution and/or upon redemption or disposal of the units. 
Any capital gains on Notes held by a Noteholder who is an Italian pension fund (subject to the 
regime provided for by Article 17 of Decree No. 252) will be included in the result of the 
relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to the 20 per cent.. Pension 
Fund Tax.

--- Page 573 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 573 - 
47-41009328 
 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including minimum holding period), capital 
gains in respect of Notes realised upon sale, transfer or redemption by Italian resident pension 
fund may be excluded from the taxable base of the Pension Fund Tax, if the Notes are included 
in a long-term savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the 
requirements set forth in Article 1, paragraphs 100 - 114 of Law No. 232 and Article 1, 
paragraphs 211-215, of Law No. 145, and in Article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124 as amended 
and applicable from time to time. Pursuant to Article 1, paragraphs 219-225 of the Finance Act 
2021, it is further provided that Italian resident individuals investing in long-term individual 
savings account compliant with Article 13-bis, paragraph 2-bis of Decree 124 may benefit from 
a tax credit corresponding to possible capital losses, losses and negative differences realised in 
respect of certain qualifying financial instruments comprised in the long-term individual 
savings account, provided that certain conditions and requirements are met (e.g. including the 
loss of the possibility to subsequently set off the relevant capital losses, losses and negative 
differences against future capital gains). 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian-resident Noteholders without a permanent establishment 
in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected from the sale or redemption of Notes 
traded on regulated markets in Italy or abroad are not subject to the substitute tax, regardless 
of whether the Notes are held in Italy. In such a case, in order to beneﬁt from this exemption 
from Italian taxation on capital gains, non-Italian resident Noteholders who hold the Notes with 
an Italian authorised ﬁnancial intermediary and elect to be subject to the Asset Management 
Regime or are subject to the Administrative Savings Regime, may be required to file in due 
time to the Italian authorised ﬁnancial intermediary an appropriate statement 
(autocertificazione) that they are not resident in Italy for tax purposes. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders without a permanent establishment 
in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected from the sale or redemption of Notes not 
traded on regulated markets issued by an Italian or non-Italian resident issuer may in certain 
circumstances be taxable in Italy, if the Notes are held in Italy. 
Where the Notes are not listed on a regulated market in Italy or abroad:  
 
pursuant to the provisions of Decree No. 461 non Italian resident beneficial owners of 
the Notes with no permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively 
connected are exempt from the substitute tax in the Republic of Italy on any capital 
gains realised upon sale for consideration or redemption of the Notes if they are resident, 
for tax purposes (a) in a State or territory included in the White List and (b) all the 
requirements and procedures set forth in Decree No. 239 and in the relevant 
implementation rules, as subsequently amended, in order to benefit from the exemption 
from the substitute tax are met or complied with in due time. The same exemption 
applies where the beneficial owners of the Notes are (i) international entities or 
organisations established in accordance with international agreements ratified by Italy; 
(ii) certain foreign institutional investors established in countries included in the White 
List, even if they do not have the status of tax payers in their own country of residence; 
or (iii) Central Banks or entities which manage, inter alia, the official reserves of a 
foreign State.  
 
In any event, non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent 
establishment in Italy to which the Notes are connected that may benefit from a double 
taxation treaty with the Republic of Italy providing that capital gains realised upon the 
sale or redemption of Notes are to be taxed only in the country of tax residence of the

--- Page 574 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 574 - 
47-41009328 
 
recipient, will not be subject to the substitute tax in the Republic of Italy on any capital 
gains realised upon the sale or redemption of Notes.  
Under these circumstances, if non-Italian residents without a permanent establishment in Italy 
to which the Notes are effectively connected elect for the Asset Management Regime or are 
subject to the Administrative Savings Regime, exemption from Italian capital gains tax will 
apply upon condition that they file in time with the authorised financial intermediary an 
appropriate statement (autocertificazione) stating that they meet the aforesaid requirement. 
Additional statements may be required for non-Italian resident Noteholders who are 
institutional investors; 
Please note that for a non-Italian resident, the Administrative Savings Regime shall 
automatically apply, unless it is expressly waived this regime, where the Notes are deposited 
in custody or administration with an Italian resident authorised financial intermediary or 
permanent establishment in the Republic of Italy of a foreign intermediary. 
2. 
NOTES QUALIFYING AS ATYPICAL SECURITIES 
Notes issued by Mediobanca which represent a capital investment but do not fall within the 
category of bonds (obbligazioni) or securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) 
may qualify as 'atypical' securities (titoli atipici) pursuant to article 5 of Decree No. 512. In 
that case, Interest payments relating to Notes issued by Mediobanca may be subject to a 26 per 
cent. withholding tax. For this purpose, securities similar to bonds are securities that 
incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, at maturity, an amount not lower than their 
nominal value, with or without the payment of periodic interest, and do not give any right to 
directly or indirectly participate in the management of the issuer or to the business in 
connection to which the securities were issued, nor to control the same. 
Where the Noteholder is (i) an Italian resident individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity 
to which the Notes are connected, (ii) an Italian resident company or a similar Italian resident 
commercial entity, (iii) a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign entity to which the Notes 
are effectively connected, (iv) an Italian resident commercial partnership or (v) an Italian 
resident commercial private or public institution, the 26 per cent. withholding tax applies as a 
provisional withholding tax. In all other cases - including if the Noteholder is non-Italian 
resident - the withholding tax applies as a final withholding tax. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian 
resident individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security 
entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 
103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from any income taxation, including the withholding 
tax on interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes which qualify as "atypical" 
securities) pursuant to Article 5 of Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, if such Notes 
are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo 
termine) pursuant to Article 1, paragraph 100 -114 of Law No. 232 and Article 1, paragraphs 
211-215, of Law No. 145, and in Article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124 as amended and 
applicable from time to time. Pursuant to Article 1, paragraphs 219-225 of the Finance Act 
2021, it is further provided that Italian resident individuals investing in long-term individual 
savings account compliant with Article 13-bis, paragraph 2-bis of Decree 124 may benefit from 
a tax credit corresponding to possible capital losses, losses and negative differences realised in 
respect of certain qualifying financial instruments comprised in the long-term individual 
savings account, provided that certain conditions and requirements are met (e.g. including the

--- Page 575 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 575 - 
47-41009328 
 
loss of the possibility to subsequently set off the relevant capital losses, losses and negative 
differences against future capital gains). 
Double taxation treaties entered into by Italy may apply allowing for a lower (generally 10 per 
cent., or, in certain cases, nil) rate of withholding tax in the case of payments to non-Italian 
resident Noteholders, subject to proper compliance with applicable subjective and procedural 
requirements. 
For the sake of completeness, it is worth pointing out that non-Italian resident Noteholders may 
be entitled to claim, if certain relevant conditions are met, a reduction of such 26 per cent. 
withholding tax under the double taxation treaty, if any, entered into by Italy and its country of 
residence, subject to timely filing of required documentation. 
3. 
NOTES QUALIFYING AS DERIVATIVE SECURITIES 
Where the proceeds from the Notes issued by Mediobanca qualify as securitised derivative 
financial instruments do not qualify as income from a capital investment, the tax regime 
described under Section 1.4 above applies according to article 67 of Decree No. 917 and Decree 
No. 461. 
(B) 
Luxembourg Tax regime of the Notes issued by Mediobanca International  
1. 
TAX TREATMENT OF THE NOTES ISSUED BY MEDIOBANCA 
INTERNATIONAL IN LUXEMBOURG 
The Notes should follow their debt accounting treatment, and be treated as debt from a 
Luxembourg direct tax point of view. However, the Luxembourg tax authorities may in the 
future conclude that based on their features the Share Linked Notes are to be considered as 
equity for Luxembourg tax purposes and, accordingly, follow the tax treatment of equity. 
1.1 
Luxembourg tax residency of the holders of the Notes 
A holder of the Notes will not become resident, or be deemed to be resident, in Luxembourg 
by reason only of the holding of the Notes, or the execution, performance, delivery and/or 
enforcement of the Notes (holding of the Notes includes receipt of interest and repayment of 
the principal). 
1.2 
Luxembourg direct tax treatment of the Notes 
(a) 
Luxembourg tax treatment of Notes qualifying as debt 
Withholding tax 
All payments of interest and principal by the Issuer in the context of the holding, disposal, 
redemption or repurchase of the Notes can be made free and clear of any withholding or 
deduction for or on account of any taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld, or 
assessed by Luxembourg or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, in 
accordance with the applicable Luxembourg law, subject however: 
(i) 
with respect to Luxembourg resident investors, to the application as regards 
Luxembourg resident individuals of the Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005, as 
modified, which foresees a 20% final withholding tax (which is final when Luxembourg

--- Page 576 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 576 - 
47-41009328 
 
resident individuals are acting in the context of the management their private wealth) 
on interest payments made by Luxembourg paying agents to Luxembourg individual 
residents. This withholding tax also applies on accrued interest received upon sale, 
redemption or repurchase of the Notes. Luxembourg resident investors not holding the 
Notes as business assets may benefit, under conditions, from such final 20% 
withholding tax for interest payments that are made through a paying agent established 
in another EU-Member State or in a Member State of the European Economic Area; 
and 
(ii) 
responsibility for the withholding of tax in application of the above-mentioned 
Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005, as amended, is assumed by the Luxembourg 
paying agent within the meaning of these laws (which may be the Luxembourg Issuer). 
Income taxation of the holders of the Notes 
Taxation of Luxembourg non-residents 
Holders of the Notes who are non-residents of Luxembourg and who do not have a permanent 
establishment in Luxembourg to which the Notes are attributable are not liable to any 
Luxembourg income tax, whether they receive payments of principal, payments of interest 
(including accrued but unpaid interest), payments received upon the redemption of the Notes, 
or realize capital gains on the sale of any Notes. 
Taxation of Luxembourg residents 
Interest Income 
Holders of the Notes who are residents of Luxembourg, or non-resident holders of the Notes 
who have a permanent establishment or a fixed base of business in Luxembourg with which 
the holding of the Notes is connected, must, for income tax purposes, include any interest 
received in their taxable income. They will not be liable to any Luxembourg income tax on 
repayment of principal. 
For individuals resident in Luxembourg, the 20% tax withheld at source constitutes a final 
taxation. 
Capital Gains 
Luxembourg resident individuals 
Luxembourg resident individuals who are holders of the Notes and who are acting in the course 
of the management of their private wealth are not subject to taxation on capital gains upon the 
disposal of the Notes, unless the disposal of the Notes precedes the acquisition of the Notes or 
the Notes are disposed of within six months of the date of acquisition of these Notes. Upon 
redemption of the Notes, individual Luxembourg resident holders of the Notes must however 
include the portion of the redemption price corresponding to accrued but unpaid interest in their 
taxable income. 
Luxembourg resident companies – Luxembourg permanent establishment of foreign 
enterprises

--- Page 577 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 577 - 
47-41009328 
 
Luxembourg resident companies (sociétés de capitaux) that are holders of the Notes or foreign 
enterprises which have a permanent establishment in Luxembourg to which the Notes are 
attributed, must include in their taxable income the difference between the disposal price 
(including accrued but unpaid interest) and the book value of the Notes disposed of. 
Luxembourg resident entities benefiting from a special tax regime 
Holders of the Notes who are undertakings for collective investment governed by the amended 
law of 17 December 2010, specialised investment funds governed by the amended law of 13 
February 2007, reserved alternative investment funds organised as specialised investment 
funds under the law of 23 July 2016, or family wealth management companies governed by the 
amended law of 11 May 2007, are tax exempt entities in Luxembourg, and are thus not subject 
to any Luxembourg tax (i.e. corporate income tax, municipal business tax and net wealth tax) 
with respect to the Notes. Please note however that undertakings for collective investment 
governed by the amended law of 17 December 2010 are subject to a minimum net wealth tax 
at a progressive scale as of 1 January 2016. 
Companies subject to the amended law of 15 June 2004 on venture capital vehicles and 
reserved alternative investment funds organised as venture capital vehicles under the law of 23 
July 2016 might enjoy an exemption on income and gains from the Notes in accordance with, 
and subject to, the requirements of such law. 
Net Wealth Tax 
Luxembourg net wealth tax will not be levied on a holder of a Note unless: (i) such holder is, 
or is deemed to be, resident in Luxembourg for the purpose of the relevant provisions; or (ii) 
such Note is attributable to an enterprise or part thereof which is carried on through a permanent 
establishment or a permanent representative in Luxembourg.  
Minimum net wealth tax will be levied under certain circumstances only if the holder of the 
Note is, or is deemed to be, resident in Luxembourg for the purpose of the relevant provisions. 
In respect of individuals, the Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005 has abolished the net 
wealth tax with effect from 1 January 2006. 
(b) 
Luxembourg tax treatment of Notes qualifying as equity 
Withholding Tax 
Dividends (including interest qualified tax-wise as dividends) paid by the Issuer to the holders 
of Notes are as a rule subject to a 15% withholding tax in Luxembourg. 
However, subject to the provisions of an applicable double tax treaty, the rate of withholding 
tax may be reduced. 
Furthermore, a domestic withholding exemption may apply if, at the time the dividend is made 
available, (i) the receiving entity is an eligible company which (ii) has held or commits itself 
to hold for an uninterrupted period of at least 12 months a participation of at least 10% of the 
share capital of the Issuer or a participation of an acquisition price of at least EUR 1.2 million. 
Eligible entities include either a company covered by Article 2 of the amended EU Parent-
Subsidiary Directive, or a Luxembourg permanent establishment thereof, or a company 
resident in a State having concluded a double tax treaty with Luxembourg and subject to a tax

--- Page 578 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 578 - 
47-41009328 
 
corresponding to Luxembourg corporate income tax or a Luxembourg permanent 
establishment thereof, or a company limited by shares (société de capitaux) or a cooperative 
society (société coopérative) resident in the European Economic Area other than an EU 
Member State and liable to a tax corresponding to Luxembourg corporate income tax or a 
Luxembourg permanent establishment thereof, or a Swiss company limited by share capital 
which is effectively subject to corporate income tax in Switzerland without benefiting from an 
exemption. However, the domestic withholding exemption will not apply in case the 
transaction qualifies as an abuse of law under the general anti-abuse rule. 
Income Tax 
Luxembourg Resident Individual Holder of Notes 
Dividends (including interest qualified tax-wise as dividends) from the Notes by resident 
individual holders, who act in the course of the management of either their private wealth or 
their professional or business activity, are subject to income tax at the progressive ordinary 
rate. Such dividend may benefit from the 50% exemption set forth in Article 115, section 15, 
letter a) of the Luxembourg Income Tax Law, subject to the fulfilment of the conditions set out 
therein. A tax credit is further granted for Luxembourg withholding taxes, if any. 
Capital gains realised on the disposal of the Notes by resident individual holders, should not 
be subject to income tax, unless said capital gains qualify either as speculative gains or as gains 
on a substantial participation. Capital gains on the Notes are deemed to be speculative gains 
and are subject to income tax at ordinary income tax rates if the Notes are disposed of within 
6 months after their acquisition or if their disposal precedes their acquisition. A participation 
is deemed to be substantial where a Luxembourg resident individual holder of Notes has either 
alone or together with his spouse and/or underage children, held directly or indirectly at any 
time within the 5 years preceding the disposal, more than 10% of the share capital of the Issuer. 
A holder of Notes is also deemed to alienate a substantial participation if he acquired free of 
charge, within the 5 years preceding the transfer, a participation that was constituting a 
substantial participation in the hands of the transferor (or any of the successive transferor in 
case of successive transfers free of charge within the same 5-year period). Capital gains realised 
on a substantial participation more than 6 months after the acquisition thereof are subject to 
income tax according to the half-global rate method. A disposal may include a sale, an 
exchange, a contribution or any other kind of alienation of the Notes. 
Luxembourg Resident Corporate Holders of Notes 
Dividends (including interest qualified tax-wise as dividends) and other payments derived from 
the Notes and paid to a Luxembourg fully taxable resident company are subject to income tax, 
unless the conditions of the participation exemption regime, as described below, are satisfied. 
If these conditions are not met, under current Luxembourg tax laws, 50% of the gross amount 
of dividends (including interest qualified tax-wise as dividends) received on the Notes may be 
exempt from income tax pursuant to article 115, section 15, letter a) of the Luxembourg Income 
Tax Law. A tax credit is further granted for Luxembourg withholding taxes, if any. 
Under the participation exemption regime, dividends (including interest qualified tax-wise as 
dividends) derived from the Notes may be exempt from income tax at the level of the holder 
of the Notes, except for the amount of the expenses which directly relate to this shareholding 
and which have reduced the Luxembourg fully taxable resident company's taxable basis in the 
year of receipt of the dividend, if cumulatively, (i) the holder of the Notes is a Luxembourg

--- Page 579 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 579 - 
47-41009328 
 
resident fully taxable company, or a Luxembourg permanent establishment of a company 
covered by Article 2 of the amended EU Parent-Subsidiary Directive, or a Luxembourg 
permanent establishment of a company limited by share capital resident in a country having a 
tax treaty with Luxembourg, or a Luxembourg permanent establishment of a limited company 
or a cooperative company resident in the European Economic Area other than a EU Member 
State, (ii) the beneficiary has held or commits itself to hold the Notes for an uninterrupted 
period of at least 12 months at the time of the distribution and (iii) during this whole period, 
the Notes represent a participation of at least 10% in the share capital of the Issuer or a 
participation of an acquisition price of at least EUR 1.2 million. The benefits of the 
participation exemption regime do not however apply where the transaction qualifies as an 
abuse of law under the general anti-abuse rule. 
Capital gains realised by a Luxembourg fully taxable resident company on the Notes are subject 
to income tax at ordinary rates. However, under the participation exemption regime, capital 
gains realised on the Notes may be exempt from income tax, except for the amount of the 
expenses which directly relate to this shareholding and which have reduced the Luxembourg 
fully taxable resident company's taxable basis in the year of disposal and prior years, if the 
above-mentioned conditions are met except that the acquisition price threshold is EUR 6 
million for capital gains purposes. Taxable gains are determined as being the difference 
between the price for which the Notes have been disposed of and the fiscal value. 
Luxembourg Resident Companies benefiting from a Special Tax Regime 
Holders of Notes who are undertakings for collective investment governed by the law of 17 
December 2010, as amended, specialised investment funds governed by the law of 13 February 
2007, as amended, reserved alternative investment funds organised as specialised investment 
funds under the law of 23 July 2016, or family wealth management companies governed by the 
law of 11 May 2007, as amended, are exempt from income tax in Luxembourg. Dividends 
(including interest qualified tax-wise as dividends) derived from and capital gains realised on 
the Notes are thus not subject to income tax in their hands. 
Companies subject to the law of 15 June 2004, as amended, on venture capital vehicles and 
reserved alternative investment funds organised as venture capital vehicles under the law of 23 
July 2016 might enjoy an exemption on income and gains from the Notes in accordance with, 
and subject to, the requirements of such law. 
Luxembourg Non-Resident Holders of Notes 
Non-resident holders of Notes who have neither a permanent establishment nor a permanent 
representative in Luxembourg to which the Notes are attributable are generally not liable to 
any Luxembourg income tax, whether they receive payments of dividends (including interest 
qualified tax-wise as dividends) or realize capital gains upon sale of the Notes, except for 
capital gains realised on a substantial participation (see above under section (a) before the 
acquisition or within the first 6 months of the acquisition thereof that are subject to income tax 
in Luxembourg at ordinary rates (subject to applicable double tax treaties). 
Permanent Establishment of Luxembourg Non-Resident Holders of Notes 
Dividends (including interest qualified tax-wise as dividends) received by a Luxembourg 
permanent establishment or a permanent representative of a non-resident holder of Notes to 
which the Notes are attributable, as well as capital gains realised on such Notes, are subject to

--- Page 580 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 580 - 
47-41009328 
 
Luxembourg income tax, unless the conditions of the participation exemption regime are 
satisfied (see above under section (b). Dividends (including interest qualified tax-wise as 
dividends) deriving from Notes that do not qualify for the 100% exemption and received by a 
Luxembourg permanent establishment or permanent representative may benefit from the 50% 
exemption of the gross amount as described above according to article 115, section 15, letter 
a) of the Luxembourg Income Tax Law. A tax credit is further granted for the Luxembourg 
withholding tax, if any. 
Net Wealth Tax 
Luxembourg net wealth tax will not be levied on a holder of a Note unless: (i) such holder is, 
or is deemed to be, resident in Luxembourg for the purpose of the relevant provisions; or (ii) 
such Note is attributable to an enterprise or part thereof which is carried on through a permanent 
establishment or a permanent representative in Luxembourg.  
Under the participation exemption regime, the Notes may be exempt from net wealth tax at the 
level of the holder of the Notes, if cumulatively, (i) the holder of the Notes is a Luxembourg 
resident fully taxable company, or a Luxembourg permanent establishment of a company 
covered by Article 2 of the amended EU Parent-Subsidiary Directive, or a Luxembourg 
permanent establishment of a company limited by share capital resident in a country having a 
tax treaty with Luxembourg, or a Luxembourg permanent establishment of a limited company 
or a cooperative company resident in the European Economic Area other than a EU Member 
State and (ii) the Notes represent a participation of at least 10% in the share capital of the Issuer 
or a participation of an acquisition price of at least EUR 1.2 million. The benefits of the 
participation exemption regime do not however apply where the transaction qualifies as an 
abuse of law under the general anti-abuse rule. 
Minimum net wealth tax will be levied under certain circumstances only if the holder of the 
Note is, or is deemed to be, resident in Luxembourg for the purpose of the relevant provisions. 
In respect of individuals, the Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005 has abolished the net 
wealth tax with effect from 1 January 2006. 
1.3 
Other Taxes 
(a) 
Registration duties 
It is not compulsory that the Notes be filed, recorded, enrolled or subject to any other formality 
in Luxembourg with any notary, court or other authority in Luxembourg in order to ensure the 
legality, validity, enforceability or admissibility as evidence of any of the Notes in 
Luxembourg, or that any registration tax, transfer tax, capital tax, stamp duty or any other 
similar tax or duty be paid in respect of or in connection with the execution, delivery and/or 
enforcement by legal proceedings (including any foreign judgment in the courts of 
Luxembourg) of the Notes, except that, in case the Notes are registered (or lodged with a 
notary's records), either voluntarily or by order of a Luxembourg court or official authority, or 
if they are attached (annexés) to any document subject to mandatory registration in 
Luxembourg (such as a public deed), a fixed or an ad valorem registration duty of 0.24% 
calculated on the amounts of loans or other obligations of sum of money mentioned in the 
Notes will be due. In practice, such kind of registration is rarely ordered.

--- Page 581 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 581 - 
47-41009328 
 
(b) 
VAT 
There is no Luxembourg value-added tax payable in respect of payments in consideration for 
the issue of the Notes or in respect of the payment of interest or principal under the Notes or 
the transfer of Notes, provided that Luxembourg value-added tax may, however, be payable in 
respect of fees charged for certain services rendered to the Issuer, if for Luxembourg value-
added tax purposes such services are rendered, or are deemed to be rendered, in Luxembourg 
and an exemption from Luxembourg value-added tax does not apply with respect to such 
services. 
(c) 
Inheritance and gift tax 
No Luxembourg inheritance tax is levied on the transfer of Notes upon the death of a 
Noteholder in cases where the deceased was not a resident of Luxembourg for inheritance tax 
purposes. 
Luxembourg gift tax will be levied in the event that the gift is made pursuant to a notarial deed 
signed before a Luxembourg notary. 
2. 
ITALIAN TAX TREATMENT OF THE NOTES ISSUED BY MEDIOBANCA 
INTERNATIONAL IN ITALY. 
The Notes issued by Mediobanca International may be subject to different tax regimes 
depending on whether: 
 
they qualify as bonds (obbligazioni) or securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle 
obbligazioni) implying a capital investment (impiego di capitale); or 
 
they qualify as atypical securities (titoli atipici); or 
 
they qualify as derivative financial instruments or bundles of derivative 
financial instruments. 
Depending on the features of the Notes, one of the following Italian tax treatments may apply 
to the Notes. 
2.1 
Notes qualifying as bonds or securities similar to bonds 
2.1.1 
Italian resident Noteholders 
Decree No. 239 regulates the tax treatment of interest, premium and other 
income (including the difference between the redemption amount and the issue 
price) from certain securities issued, inter alia, by non-Italian resident entities. 
The provisions of Decree No. 239 only apply to those Notes which qualify as 
bonds (obbligazioni) or securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle 
obbligazioni) pursuant to Article 44 of Decree No. 917. For this purposes 
securities similar to bonds are securities that (i) entail an unconditional 
obligation to pay, at maturity, an amount not lower than their nominal value 
(with or without periodic interest payments) and (ii) do not give any right to 
directly or indirectly participate in the management of the issuer or of the 
business in relation to which the securities are issued nor any type of control on 
the management.

--- Page 582 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 582 - 
47-41009328 
 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, a substitute tax at a rate of 26 per cent. is applied 
on Interest on Notes qualifying as bonds (obbligazioni) or securities similar to 
bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) within the meaning of Article 44 of 
Decree No. 917 issued by a non-Italian resident issuer accrued during the 
relevant holding period, if received by: 
(1) 
an Italian resident individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which 
the Notes are connected unless he has entrusted the management of his financial 
assets, including the Notes, to an authorised intermediary and has opted for the 
Asset Management Regime according to Article 7 of Decree No. 461; or 
(2) 
a partnership (other than a società in nome collettivo or società in accomandita 
semplice or similar partnership) or a de facto partnership not carrying out 
commercial activities or professional association; or; 
(3) 
private or public institutions, other than companies, trusts not carrying out 
mainly or exclusively commercial activities, the Italian State and public and 
territorial entities; or 
(4) 
Italian resident investors exempt from Italian corporate income taxation. 
If the Noteholders described under (1) and (3) above are engaged in an 
entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected, the substitute tax 
applies as a provisional tax. As a consequence, the Interest is subject to the 
ordinary income tax and the substitute tax may be recovered as a deduction from 
the income tax due. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding 
period), Interest in respect of Notes that qualify as bonds (obbligazioni) or 
securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) received by Italian 
resident individuals holding the Notes not in connection with an entrepreneurial 
activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 
June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt 
from any income taxation, including the 26 per cent. substitute tax, on Interest 
if the Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano individuale di 
risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1, 
paragraphs 100 – 114, of Law No. 232 232 and Article 1, paragraphs 211-215, 
of Law No. 145, and in Article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124 as amended and 
applicable from time to time. Pursuant to Article 1, paragraphs 219-225 of the 
Finance Act 2021, it is further provided that Italian resident individuals 
investing in long-term individual savings account compliant with Article 13-
bis, paragraph 2-bis of Decree 124 may benefit from a tax credit corresponding 
to possible capital losses, losses and negative differences realised in respect of 
certain qualifying financial instruments comprised in the long-term individual 
savings account, provided that certain conditions and requirements are met (e.g. 
including the loss of the possibility to subsequently set off the relevant capital 
losses, losses and negative differences against future capital gains). 
Pursuant to Decree 239, the 26 per cent. substitute tax is applied by Italian 
Intermediaries or by permanent establishments in the Republic of Italy of 
Intermediaries resident outside Italy. Where the Notes and the relevant coupons

--- Page 583 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 583 - 
47-41009328 
 
are not deposited with an Intermediary, the substitute tax is applied and withheld 
by any Italian Intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign 
intermediary) that intervenes in the payment of Interest to any Noteholder or, in 
its absence, by the Issuer. 
Where Interest on Notes beneficially owned by the subjects from (1) to (4) 
above are not collected through the intervention of an Italian Intermediary (or 
permanent establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) and as such no 
substitute tax is applied, the above Italian resident beneficial owners will be 
required to declare Interest in their yearly income tax return and subject them to 
final substitute tax at a rate of 26 per cent. (only limited to those Noteholders 
not engaged in a business activity to which the Notes are effectively connected), 
unless option for a different regime is allowed and made. Italian resident 
Noteholders that are individuals not engaged in entrepreneurial activity may 
elect instead to pay ordinary personal income taxes at the progressive rates 
applicable to them in respect of Interest on such Notes: if so, the beneficial 
owners should be generally entitled to a tax credit for withholding taxes applied 
outside Italy, if any. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder who is beneficial owner of the Notes is a 
company, an Italian resident commercial partnership or similar commercial 
entity, or a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign company to which the 
Notes are effectively connected and the Notes and relevant coupons are timely 
deposited with an Intermediary, Interest from the Notes will not be subject to 
the substitute tax, but must be included in the relevant Noteholder's annual 
income tax return and are therefore subject to general Italian corporate taxation 
(and, in certain circumstances, depending on the status of the Noteholder, also 
to IRAP). In such cases, the beneficial owners should be generally entitled to a 
tax credit for withholding taxes applied outside Italy, if any. 
For Noteholders who are Funds, SICAVs, non-real estate SICAFs, Real Estate 
Fund, Real Estate SICAF or Italian pension funds (subject to the regime 
provided for by Article 17 of Decree No. 252), please refer to paragraph "Italian 
Taxation of the Notes issued by Mediobanca Notes qualifying as bonds or 
similar securities - Italian resident Noteholders" above. 
2.1.2 
Non-Italian resident Noteholders 
No Italian substitute tax is applied on interest payments to a non-Italian resident 
Noteholder not having a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes 
are effectively connected of Interest relating to Notes issued by a non-Italian 
resident issuer. 
If Notes issued by a non-Italian resident issuer and beneficially owned by non-
Italian residents are deposited with an Italian bank or other resident intermediary 
(or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) or are sold through 
an Italian bank or other resident financial intermediary (or permanent 
establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) or in any case an Italian resident 
financial intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign 
intermediary) intervenes in the payment of Interest on such Notes, to ensure 
payment of Interest without application of Italian taxation a non-Italian resident

--- Page 584 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 584 - 
47-41009328 
 
Noteholder may be required to produce to the Italian bank or other intermediary 
a statement (autocertificazione) stating that he or she is not resident in Italy for 
tax purposes. 
2.1.3 
Capital gains tax 
Any gain obtained from the sale or transfer or redemption of the Notes by Italian 
resident Noteholders would be subject to the same tax regimes as described 
under section 1.4. "Capital gains tax", above. 
Capital gains realised upon sale, transfer or redemption of the Notes by non 
Italian resident Noteholders without a permanent establishment in Italy to which 
the Notes are effectively connected may, in certain circumstances, be subject to 
a 26 per cent. substitute tax, if the Notes are held in Italy. However, the same 
exemptions illustrated under the section (A) 1.4 "Capital gains tax" apply to the 
benefit of non-Italian residents if capital gains on the Notes might become 
taxable due to the holding of the Notes in Italy. 
2.1.4 
Fungible issues 
Pursuant to Article 11, paragraph 2 of Decree No. 239, where the relevant issuer 
issues a new tranche forming part of a single series with a previous tranche, for 
the purposes of calculating the amount of interest subject to substitute tax, the 
issue price of the new tranche will be deemed to be the same as the issue price 
of the original tranche. This rule applies where (a) the new tranche is issued 
within 12 months from the issue date of the previous tranche, and (b) the 
difference between the issue price of the new tranche and that of the original 
tranche does not exceed 1 per cent. of the nominal value of the notes multiplied 
by the number of years of the duration of the notes. 
2.2 
Notes qualifying as atypical securities 
Interest payments to Italian resident Noteholders relating to Notes issued by a non-Italian 
resident issuer which represent a capital investment but do not qualify as bonds (obbligazioni) 
or securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) may qualify as "atypical" 
securities (titoli atipici) pursuant to article 5 of Decree No.512 and may be subject to Italian 
withholding tax, levied at the rate of 26 per cent.. For this purpose, securities similar to bonds 
are securities that incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, at maturity, an amount not 
lower than their nominal value, with or without the payment of periodic interest, and do not 
give any right to directly or indirectly participate in the management of the issuer or to the 
business in connection to which the securities were issued, nor to control the same. 
If the Notes are issued by a non-Italian resident issuer, a 26 per cent. withholding tax may apply 
in Italy if the Notes are placed ("collocate") in Italy and Interest payments on the Notes are 
collected through an Italian bank or other qualified financial intermediary. However, the 26 per 
cent. "entrance" withholding tax does not apply to Interest payments made: 
(a) 
to a non-Italian resident Noteholder. If Notes issued by a non-Italian resident issuer and 
beneficially owned by non-Italian residents are deposited with an Italian bank or other 
resident financial intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign financial 
intermediary) or are sold through an Italian bank or other resident financial

--- Page 585 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 585 - 
47-41009328 
 
intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign financial intermediary) or 
in any case an Italian resident financial intermediary (or permanent establishment in 
Italy of foreign financial intermediary) intervenes in the payment of Interest on such 
Notes, to ensure payment of Interest without application of Italian taxation a non-Italian 
resident Noteholder may be required to produce to the Italian bank or other financial 
intermediary a statement (autocertificazione) stating that he or she is not resident in 
Italy for tax purposes; and 
(b) 
to an Italian resident Noteholder which is (i) an Italian resident commercial partnership, 
(ii) an Italian resident company or a similar Italian resident commercial entity 
(including the Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities to which the Notes 
are effectively connected) and (iii) a commercial private or public institution. In 
particular, in such cases, Interest must be included in the relevant Noteholder's annual 
income tax return, to be therefore subject to ordinary Italian business income taxation 
(and, in certain circumstances, depending on the status of the Noteholder, also to IRAP) 
according to the ordinary rules and the beneficial owners should be generally entitled 
to a tax credit for withholding taxes applied outside Italy, if any. 
With respect to the other categories of Italian resident Noteholders, if Interest payments on 
Notes issued by a non-Italian resident issuer are not collected through an Italian resident bank 
or other financial intermediary, and as such no withholding tax is required to be levied, such 
Noteholders will be required to report the payments in their annual income tax return and 
subject them to a final substitute tax at rate of 26 per cent. (only limited to those Noteholders 
not engaged in a business activity to which the Notes are effectively connected). Italian resident 
individual beneficial owners holding Notes not in connection with a business activity may elect 
instead to pay ordinary personal income tax at the progressive rates applicable to them in 
respect of Interest payments: if so, the beneficial owners should generally benefit from tax 
credit for withholding taxes applied outside Italy, if any. 
In case the Notes issued by a non-Italian resident issuer are held by an Italian resident individual 
engaged in a business activity and are effectively connected with same business activity, the 
Interest will be subject to the 26 per cent. withholding tax on a provisional basis and will be 
included in the relevant income tax return. As a consequence, the Interest will be subject to the 
ordinary income tax and the withholding tax may be recovered as a deduction from the income 
tax due. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian 
resident individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security 
entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 
103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from any income taxation, including the withholding 
tax on interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes which qualify as "atypical" 
securities) pursuant to Article 5 of Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, if such Notes 
are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo 
termine) pursuant to Article 1, paragraphs 100 -114 of Law No. 232 232 and Article 1, 
paragraphs 211-215, of Law No. 145, and in Article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124 as amended 
and applicable from time to time. Pursuant to Article 1, paragraphs 219-225 of the Finance Act 
2021, it is further provided that Italian resident individuals investing in long-term individual 
savings account compliant with Article 13-bis, paragraph 2-bis of Decree 124 may benefit from 
a tax credit corresponding to possible capital losses, losses and negative differences realised in 
respect of certain qualifying financial instruments comprised in the long-term individual 
savings account, provided that certain conditions and requirements are met (e.g. including the

--- Page 586 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 586 - 
47-41009328 
 
loss of the possibility to subsequently set off the relevant capital losses, losses and negative 
differences against future capital gains). 
2.3 
Notes qualifying as derivative securities 
Where the proceeds from the Notes issued by Mediobanca International qualify as securitised 
derivative financial instruments do not qualify as income from a capital investment, the tax 
regime described under Section (A) 1.4 "Capital gains tax" above applies according to article 
67 of Decree No. 917 and Decree No. 461. 
3. 
PAYMENTS MADE BY THE GUARANTOR UNDER THE GUARANTEE 
There is no authority directly regarding the Italian tax regime of payments on notes made by 
an Italian resident guarantor. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the Italian tax 
authorities will not assert an alternative treatment of such payments than that set forth herein 
or that the Italian courts would not support such an alternative treatment. 
With respect to payments on the Notes made to Italian resident Noteholders by an Italian 
resident guarantor, in accordance with one interpretation of Italian tax law, any such payments 
may be subject to Italian withholding tax at the rate of 26 per cent. levied as a final tax or a 
provisional tax depending on the "status" of the Noteholder, pursuant to Decree No. 600. 
Double taxation treaties entered into by Italy may apply allowing for a lower (or, in certain 
cases, nil) rate of withholding tax in case of payments to non-Italian residents, subject to proper 
compliance with relevant subjective and procedural requirements. 
In accordance with another interpretation, any such payment made by the Guarantor should be 
treated, in certain circumstances, as a payment by the relevant Issuer and made subject to the 
tax treatment described above under paragraph "Italian Taxation of Notes issued by 
Mediobanca" and "Tax regime of the Notes issued by Mediobanca International". 
(C) 
Inheritance and gift taxes 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006, as converted in law, with amendments, by 
Law No. 286 effective from 24 November 2006, transfers of Notes as a result of death or 
donation (or other transfers for no consideration) of Italian residents and of non-Italian 
residents, but in such latter case limited to Notes held within the Italian territory (which, for 
presumption of law, includes bonds issued by Italian resident issuers), are generally taxed in 
Italy as follows: 
(i) 
transfers in favor of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to an 
inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent. on the value of the inheritance or 
the gift exceeding € 1,000,000.00 for each beneficiary; 
(ii) 
transfers in favor of siblings are subject to the 6 per cent. inheritance and gift tax on the 
value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding € 100,000.00 for each beneficiary; 
(iii) 
transfers in favor of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to the third degree 
are subject to an inheritance and gift tax at a rate of 6 per cent. on the entire value of 
the inheritance or the gift; and 
(iv) 
any other transfer is subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8 per cent. 
on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift.

--- Page 587 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 587 - 
47-41009328 
 
If the beneficiary has a serious disability recognised by law, inheritance and gift taxes apply on 
its portion of the net asset value exceeding € 1,500,000.00. 
If the donee sells the Notes for consideration from the receipt thereof as a gift, the donee is 
required to pay the relevant substitute tax on capital gains as if the gift has never taken place. 
A tax credit may be available for the inheritance and gift tax paid in Italy under the applicable 
double tax treaty on inheritance and gift, if any. 
(D) 
Transfer tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to the following registration tax: (i) 
public deeds and notarised deeds are subject to a fixed registration tax at a rate of € 200.00; (ii) 
private deeds are subject to registration tax at a rate of € 200.00 only if they are voluntary 
registered or if the so-called "caso d'uso" or "enunciazione" occurs. 
(E) 
VAT and registration tax 
If the relevant Issuer decides to redeem the Notes upon their maturity by physical delivery to 
the investor, Italian VAT and/or registration tax may become payable. 
(F) 
Stamp Duty 
Pursuant to Article 13 par. 2ter of the tariff Part I attached to Presidential Decree No. 642 of 
26 October, 1972, a proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to any periodic 
reporting communications which may be sent by a financial intermediary to its clients in 
respect of any financial product and instrument, including the Notes, which may be deposited 
with such financial intermediary in Italy. The stamp duty applies at a rate of 0.2 per cent. and 
it cannot exceed € 14,000 for taxpayers which are not individuals. This stamp duty is 
determined on the basis of the market value or, if no market value figure is available, on the 
basis of face value or redemption value, or in the case the face or redemption values cannot be 
determined, on the basis of purchase value of the financial assets (including banking bonds, 
obbligazioni and capital adequacy financial instruments) held. 
The statement is deemed to be sent at least once a year, including with respect to the instruments 
for which is not mandatory nor the deposit nor the release nor the drafting of the statement. In 
case of reporting periods of less than 12 months, the stamp duty is payable based on the period 
accounted. 
Pursuant to the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy on 
24 May, 2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the 
regulations issued by the Bank of Italy on 20 June, 2012) of an entity that exercises a banking, 
financial or insurance activity in any form within the Italian territory. 
(G) 
Wealth tax on Notes deposited abroad 
Pursuant to Article 19 of Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011, Italian resident individuals non 
commercial entities, non commercial partnerships and similar institutions holding financial 
instruments, including the Notes, outside the Italian territory are required to declare them in 
their own annual tax returns and pay a wealth tax at the rate of 0.2 per cent. (IVAFE). Starting 
from fiscal year 2020, the wealth tax cannot exceed € 14,000 for taxpayers which are not 
individuals. The wealth tax is calculated on the market value at the end of the relevant year or,

--- Page 588 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 588 - 
47-41009328 
 
where no market value is available, on the nominal value or redemption value, or in the case 
the face or redemption values cannot be determined, on the purchase value of any financial 
asset held abroad by Italian resident individuals, including the Notes. A tax credit is granted 
for any foreign property tax levied abroad on the same financial assets. The financial assets 
held abroad are excluded from the scope of the wealth tax, if such financial assets are 
administered by Italian financial intermediaries pursuant to an administration agreement. 
(H) 
Tax Monitoring Obligations 
Italian resident individuals, non-commercial entities, non-commercial partnerships and similar 
entities are required to report in their annual income tax return, (or, in case the income tax 
return is not due, in a proper form that must be filed within the same time as prescribed for the 
income tax return), according to Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June, 1990, converted into law by 
Law Decree No. 227 of 4 August, 1990, as amended from time to time, for tax monitoring 
purposes: 
(1) 
the amount of Notes issued by Mediobanca held abroad during each tax year; and 
(2) 
the amount of Notes, issued by Mediobanca International, held abroad during each tax 
year. 
The requirement applies also where the persons above, being not the direct holder of the 
financial instruments, are the actual owner of the instrument. 
The above reporting requirement does not apply with respect to (i) foreign investments 
(including the Notes) deposited for management with Italian financial intermediaries or 
relevant contracts entered into through their intervention, upon condition that any related 
income has been subject to tax by such financial intermediaries, or (ii) if the foreign 
investments are exclusively composed of deposits and/or bank accounts and their aggregate 
value does not exceed Eur 15,000 threshold throughout the year. 
(I) 
Financial transaction tax 
Where the relevant Issuer decides to redeem the Share Linked Notes at their maturity by 
delivering Shares to the investor, an Italian Financial Transaction Tax ("IFTT") may apply. In 
particular, Article 1(491) of Law No. 228 of 24 December 2012 (the "Stability Law for 2013") 
as amended by Law Decree of 21 June 2013, N° 69, introduced a stamp duty-like IFTT of 0.2 
per cent. on the transfer of shares and other equity-like instruments issued by Italian resident 
entities (for this purpose, residence must be determined on the basis of the location of the 
entity's registered office). This also encompasses any financial instruments that have such 
shares or equity-like instruments as their underlying assets, irrespective of the issuer's 
residence. The IFTT applies even if the transfer takes place outside Italy and/or any of the 
parties to the transaction are not resident in Italy. 
The IFTT rate is reduced by half to 0.1 per cent. if the transfer takes place on a regulated market 
or multilateral trading system. The tax is determined with reference to the net daily balance of 
purchase and sale transactions performed by the same person in the same financial instrument. 
In particular, the taxable base is determined by multiplying: (i) the number of securities 
corresponding to the sum of the net daily balance of purchase and sale transactions for each 
financial instrument for which there are net purchases (as opposed to net sales); and (ii) the

--- Page 589 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 589 - 
47-41009328 
 
weighted average price of the purchases of such financial instruments carried out on the 
relevant day. 
Article 1(492) of the Stability Law for 2013 introduces a fixed levy IFTT that applies to all 
transactions involving equity derivatives which have Italian shares, Italian equity-like 
instruments or Italian equity-related instruments as their underlying assets. An equity 
derivative is subject to the IFTT if the underlying or reference value consists of more than 50 
per cent., of the market value of Italian shares, Italian equity-like instruments or Italian equity-
related instruments, as measured on either: (i) the date of issuance, for financial instruments 
traded on regulated markets or on multilateral trading systems; or (ii) the date when the relevant 
contract is entered into in all other cases. The IFTT applies even if the transfer takes place 
outside Italy and/or any of the parties to the transaction are not resident in Italy. 
The amount of tax due depends on the type of derivative instrument and on the contract's value, 
but is subject to a maximum of Euro 200. This IFTT is reduced to 1/5 of the relevant amount 
if the transfer takes place on a regulated market or multilateral trading system. If a derivative 
is equity-settled, the consequent share transaction is ordinarily subject to the IFTT under 
Article 1(491) of the Stability Law for 2013. 
The IFTT under Article 1(491) of the Stability Law for 2013 is due by and borne by the 
(ultimate) transferee of the shares or equity-like instruments. The IFTT under Article 1(492) of 
the Stability Law for 2013 is due by each party involved in the relevant transaction. The IFTT 
must be paid and accounted for to the Italian tax authorities by any intermediary intervening in 
any way in the execution of such transactions, e.g. banks, fiduciary companies or investment 
firms licensed to provide investment services on a professional basis to the public in accordance 
with Article 18 of Italian Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, including non-Italian 
resident intermediaries. However, the Stability Law for 2013 provides that such an 
intermediary is permitted to refrain from executing the relevant transaction until they have 
received the amount of IFTT due on the transaction from the relevant person referred to above. 
Non-Italian resident intermediaries may appoint an Italian withholding agent as a tax 
representative in order to take care of the compliance regarding the IFTT. In the event that 
several financial intermediaries are involved, the obligation to make the payment of the IFTT 
to the Italian tax authorities falls on the party that directly receives the transaction order from 
the parties. If no intermediary is involved in a transaction, the relevant parties referred to above 
must pay the IFTT due directly to the Italian tax authorities. 
A 0.02 per cent. IFTT has also been introduced on high frequency trading carried out on the 
Italian financial market. 
Some exemptions may apply. 
IFTT should not apply to Notes which qualify as atypical securities. However, an official 
position of the Italian Tax Authority in this regard is not available. 
(J) 
Irish Taxation of the Notes issued by Mediobanca and Mediobanca International  
The following is a summary of the Irish withholding tax treatment of the Notes. The summary 
does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all of the Irish tax considerations that 
may be relevant to a decision to purchase, own or dispose of the Notes.

--- Page 590 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 590 - 
47-41009328 
 
The summary is based upon the laws of Ireland and the published practices of the Revenue 
Commissioners of Ireland as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus. Prospective investors 
in the Notes should consult their own advisers as to the Irish or other tax consequences of the 
purchase, beneficial ownership and disposition of the Notes including, in particular, the effect 
of any state or local law taxes, if applicable. 
2. 
Irish Withholding Tax 
Irish withholding tax applies to certain payments including payments of: 
 
Irish source yearly interest (yearly interest is interest that is capable of arising for a 
period in excess of one year); 
 
Irish source annual payments (annual payments are payments that are capable of being 
made for a period in excess of one year and are pure income-profit in the hands of the 
recipient); and 
 
Distributions (including interest that is treated as a distribution under Irish law) made 
by companies that are resident in Ireland for the purposes of Irish tax. 
Such withholding tax arises at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent.) to 
payments of Irish source yearly interest and Irish source annual payments, and at a prescribed 
rate of 25 per cent. to distributions. 
On the basis that the relevant Issuer is not resident in Ireland for the purposes of Irish tax, nor 
does the relevant Issuer operate in Ireland through a branch or agency with which the issue of 
the Notes is connected, nor are the Notes held in Ireland through a depository or otherwise 
located in Ireland, then to the extent that payments of interest or annual payments arise on the 
Notes, such payments should not be regarded as payments having an Irish source for the 
purposes of Irish taxation. 
Accordingly, the relevant Issuer or any paying agent acting on behalf of the relevant Issuer 
should not be obliged to deduct any amount on account of Irish tax from payments made in 
connection with the Notes. 
Separately, for as long as the Notes are quoted on a stock exchange, an investor should not be 
obliged to deduct any amount on account of Irish tax from a payment made by it in connection 
with the purchase of the Notes. 
3. 
Irish Encashment Tax 
Payments on any Notes paid by a paying agent in Ireland or collected or realised by an agent 
in Ireland acting on behalf of the beneficial owner of Notes will be subject to Irish encashment 
tax at a prescribed rate of 25 per cent., unless it is proved, on a claim made in the required 
manner to the Revenue Commissioners of Ireland, that the beneficial owner of the Notes 
entitled to the interest or distribution is not resident in Ireland for the purposes of Irish tax and 
such interest or distribution is not deemed, under the provisions of Irish tax legislation, to be 
income of another person that is resident in Ireland. In addition, an exemption will apply where 
the payment is made to a company where that company is beneficially entitled to that income 
and is or will be within the charge to corporation tax in respect of that income.

--- Page 591 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 591 - 
47-41009328 
 
(K) 
Proposed European Financial Transactions Tax (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission has published a proposal (the Commission's 
Proposal) for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, 
France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "Participating EU Member 
States"). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
The proposed FTT has very broad scope and could, if introduced in its current form, apply to 
certain dealings in the Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain 
circumstances. The issuance and subscription of the Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both 
within and outside of the Participating EU Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain 
dealings in the Notes where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is 
established in a Participating EU Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed 
to be, "established" in a Participating EU Member State in a broad range of circumstances, 
including (a) by transacting with a person established in a Participating EU Member State or 
(b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a Participating 
EU Member State. 
Joint statements issued on 8 December 2015 by Participating EU Member States, except 
Estonia, indicate an intention to implement the FTT by the end of June 2016. On 16 March 
2016, Estonia completed the formalities required to leave the enhanced co-operation on FTT. 
On 17 June 2016, the Council of the European Union announced that the work on FTT will 
continue during the second half of 2016. The Council of the European Union discussed the 
state of the dossier in June 2017 and reiterated that further work at the Council and its 
preparatory bodies is still required, before a final agreement on this dossier can be reached. 
The FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the Participating EU Member States 
and is the subject of legal challenge. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, 
the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation 
to the FTT. 
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to 
the FTT.

--- Page 592 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 592 - 
47-41009328 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
(1) 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland as competent 
authority under the Prospectus Regulation. Application has also been made to Euronext 
Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the Official List of 
Euronext Dublin and admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. 
Euronext Dublin's regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of the MiFID 
II (Directive 2014/65/EU). 
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be listed or 
admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin or any other stock exchange or which will be 
listed or admitted to trading on such stock exchange as the Issuers and the relevant 
Dealer(s) may agree. 
The Central Bank of Ireland may, at the request of the relevant Issuer, send to the 
competent authority of another European Economic Area Member State: (i) a copy of 
this Base Prospectus; and (ii) a Certificate of Approval of a Prospectus. 
(2) 
Each Issuer and the Guarantor has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and 
authorisations in Ireland and the Republic of Italy in connection with the establishment 
and update of the Programme and the issue and performance of the Notes and the 
guarantee relating to them. The update of the Programme, including the giving of the 
Guarantee granted by Mediobanca, was authorised by a circular resolution of the Board 
of Directors of Mediobanca International passed on 3 December 2020 – as 
supplemented, resolutions adopted by the Executive Committee of Mediobanca passed 
on 29 July 2020 and the decision (determina) assumed by the Managing Director 
(Direttore Generale) of Mediobanca on 4 December 2020. 
(3) 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined 
by the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with 
prevailing market conditions. 
(4) 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus at page 545, Mediobanca International (where 
Mediobanca International is the Issuer) is not and none of Mediobanca and its 
consolidated subsidiaries (where Mediobanca is the Issuer or the Guarantor) is or has 
been involved in any governmental, legal, arbitration or administrative proceedings in 
the 12 months preceding the date of this document relating to claims or amounts which 
may have, or have had in the recent past, a significant effect on the Group's financial 
position or profitability and, so far as Mediobanca or, as the case may be, Mediobanca 
International is aware, no such litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings are 
pending or threatened. 
(5) 
Neither Mediobanca nor Mediobanca International nor any of Mediobanca's 
subsidiaries has entered into any contracts in the last two years outside the ordinary 
course of business that have been or may reasonably be expected to be material to such 
Issuer's ability to meet its obligations to Noteholder. 
(6) 
Except for the developments described in the section headed “Systemic risks in 
connection with the economic/financial crisis”, in particular for the possible impact of

--- Page 593 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 593 - 
47-41009328 
 
the Covid-19 crisis, since 30 June 2020 (being the last day of the financial period in 
respect of which the most recent audited annual financial statements of Mediobanca 
have been prepared) there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of 
Mediobanca or its subsidiaries. 
(7) 
Except for the developments described in the section headed “Systemic risks in 
connection with the economic/financial crisis”, in particular for the possible impact of 
the Covid-19 crisis, since 30 June 2020 (being the last day of the financial period in 
respect of which the most recent audited annual financial statements of Mediobanca 
have been prepared) there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of 
Mediobanca International. 
(8) 
There have been no significant changes to the financial or trading position or to the 
financial performance of Mediobanca or the other companies forming part of the Group 
since the most recent un-audited financial information available was disclosed in the 
unaudited consolidated half-yearly financial statements as at 31 December 2020; 
(9) 
There have been no significant changes to the financial or trading position or to the 
financial performance of Mediobanca International since the most recent audited 
financial information available was disclosed in the consolidated half-year financial 
statements as at 30 June 2020. 
(10) 
Notes will be accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream 
Luxembourg systems. The Common Code and the International Securities 
Identification Number (ISIN) for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
(11) 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes remain outstanding, the 
following documents will be available in electronic form (unless the investor requests 
physical copies), and in the case of paragraphs (iii), (iv) and (v) below, may be obtained 
free of charge during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays and public 
holidays excepted), for inspection at the office of the Fiscal Agent and the Paying 
Agent: 
(i) 
the Deed of Guarantee. A copy of the Deed of Guarantee will be electronically 
available for viewing on the Issuers' websites: www.mediobanca.it (in respect 
of 
Mediobanca 
– 
Banca 
di 
Credito 
Finanziario 
S.p.A.) 
and 
www.mediobancaint.lu (in respect of Mediobanca International (Luxembourg) 
S.A.); 
(ii) 
the By-laws (Statuto) of Mediobanca and articles of incorporation of 
Mediobanca International. A copy of the By-laws (Statuto) of Mediobanca and 
articles of incorporation of Mediobanca International will be electronically 
available for viewing on the Issuers' websites: www.mediobanca.it (in respect 
of 
Mediobanca 
– 
Banca 
di 
Credito 
Finanziario 
S.p.A.) 
and 
www.mediobancaint.lu (in respect of Mediobanca International (Luxembourg) 
S.A.); 
(iii) 
the published annual financial statements of Mediobanca International as at and 
for the years ended 30 June 2020 and 2019;

--- Page 594 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 594 - 
47-41009328 
 
(iv) 
the consolidated annual financial statements of Mediobanca as at and for the 
years ended 30 June 2020 and 2019; 
(v) 
the un-audited consolidated half-yearly financial statements of Mediobanca as 
at and for the period ended 31 December 2020; 
(vi) 
Final Terms for Notes which are listed on the Official List of the Euronext 
Dublin or any other stock exchange; 
(vii) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any Supplement to this Base 
Prospectus or further Base Prospectus. 
A copy of this Base Prospectus will also be electronically available for viewing 
on Euronext Dublin's website (www.ise.ie).  
In compliance with Article 21(3) of the Prospectus Regulation, a copy of this 
Base Prospectus along with the documents incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus and any applicable supplement and final terms will be 
electronically available for viewing on Euronext Dublin website (www.ise.ie). 
(12) 
Physical copies of the latest annual consolidated financial statements of Mediobanca 
and annual financial statements of Mediobanca International, may be obtained upon 
request at the specified office of the Paying Agent during normal business hours, so 
long as any of the Notes are outstanding. 
(13) 
The Issuers do not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any 
assets underlying issues of Notes constituting derivative securities, except if required 
by any applicable laws and regulations. 
(14) 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream 
Luxembourg (which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate 
Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and 
Clearstream Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Notes 
are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate 
information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(15) 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of Mediobanca is: PSNL19R2RXX5U3QWHI44. 
(16) 
The 
Legal 
Entity 
Identifier 
(LEI) 
of 
Mediobanca 
International 
is: 
549300DV870NBWY5W279. 
(17) 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-
1210 Brussels and the address of Clearstream Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 
Avenue JF Kennedy, L1855 Luxembourg. The address of Monte Titoli S.p.A. is Piazza 
degli Affari 6, 20123 Milan, Italy. 
(18) 
The websites of the Issuers are, respectively: www.mediobanca.it (in respect of 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A.) and www.mediobancaint.lu (in 
respect of Mediobanca International (Luxembourg) S.A.). For the avoidance of doubts, 
unless specifically incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, information 
contained on any website indicated herein does not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 595 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 595 - 
47-41009328 
 
(19) 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, 
in financing, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and 
may perform services for, Mediobanca and their affiliates in the ordinary course of 
business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make 
markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference 
obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of 
Mediobanca and their affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their 
exposure, their general market risk or other trading activities. In addition, in the 
ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or 
related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their 
own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities 
activities may involve securities and/or instruments of Mediobanca or Mediobanca's 
affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with 
Mediobanca routinely hedge their credit exposure to Mediobanca consistent with their 
customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would 
hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase 
of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely 
affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their 
affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express 
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and 
may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such 
securities and instruments. For the purpose of this paragraph the term "affiliates" 
includes also parent companies. 
(20) 
With respect to Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation the Issuers consent, to the 
extent and under the conditions, if any, indicated in the Final Terms, to the use of the 
Base Prospectus in Italy and/or in Ireland and/or in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
and/or France and/or Sweden and/or Finland as long as the Base Prospectus is valid in 
accordance with Article 12 of the Prospectus Regulation and accept responsibility for 
the content of the Base Prospectus also with respect to subsequent resale or final 
placement of the Notes in Italy and/or in Ireland and/or in the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg and/or France and/or Sweden and/or Finland by any Dealer and/or 
financial intermediary which was given consent to use the prospectus. 
Such consent may be given to all (general consent) or only one or more (individual 
consent) specified Dealers and/or financial intermediaries and/or for a limited or 
indefinite period, as stated in the Final Terms, and for Italy and/or France and/or 
Sweden and/or Finland and/or Luxembourg as member states in which the Base 
Prospectus has been passported and which will be indicated in the relevant Final Terms. 
Such consent by the Issuers is subject to each Dealer and/or financial intermediary 
complying with the terms and conditions described in this Base Prospectus and the 
relevant Final Terms as well as any applicable selling restrictions. The distribution of 
this Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus, if any, and the relevant 
Final Terms as well as the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes in certain jurisdictions 
may be restricted by law. 
Each Dealer and/or each financial intermediary, if any, and/or each person into whose 
possession this Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus, if any, and

--- Page 596 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 596 - 
47-41009328 
 
the relevant Final Terms come are required to inform themselves about and observe any 
such restrictions. The Issuers reserve the right to withdraw its consent to the use of this 
Base Prospectus in relation to certain Dealers and/or each financial intermediary. 
In case of an offer being made by a Dealer or a financial intermediary, such Dealer 
or financial intermediary will provide information to investors on the terms and 
conditions of the offer at the time the offer is made. 
If the Final Terms state that the consent to use the Base Prospectus is given to all 
Dealers or financial intermediaries (general consent), any Dealer or financial 
intermediary using the Base Prospectus is required to state on its website that it 
uses the Base Prospectus in accordance with the consent and the conditions 
attached thereto. 
If the Final Terms state that the consent to use the prospectus is given to one or 
more specified Dealers or financial intermediaries (individual consent), any new 
information with respect to Dealers or financial intermediaries unknown at the 
time of the approval of the Base Prospectus or the filing of the Final Terms will be 
published on the website www.mediobanca.com.

--- Page 597 ---
263135-616181760-1-v7.0 
- 597 - 
47-41009328 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE 
MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Piazzetta E. Cuccia, 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
Mediobanca International (Luxembourg) S.A. 
4, Boulevard Joseph II 
L-1840 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
ARRANGER 
MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Piazzetta E. Cuccia, 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
DEALERS 
MEDIOBANCA - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Piazzetta E. Cuccia, 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE ISSUERS AND THE GUARANTOR 
As to Italian law 
Studio Legale Associato in associazione con  
Clifford Chance 
Via Broletto, 16 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
TAX ADVISER TO MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (LUXEMBOURG) S.A. 
GSK Luxembourg SA 
44, Avenue John F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
AUDITORS TO MEDIOBANCA INTERNATIONAL (LUXEMBOURG) S.A. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société coopérative 
2, rue Gerhard Mercator, B.P. 1443, 
L-1014 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
AUDITORS TO MEDIOBANCA - BANCA DI CREDITO FINANZIARIO S.p.A. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. 
Via Monte Rosa, 91 
20149 Milan 
Italy 
 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
LISTING AGENT 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch 
60 avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
McCann FitzGerald Listing Services Limited 
Riverside One 
Sir John Rogerson's Quay 
Dublin 2 
Ireland