--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
MERLIN PROPERTIES, SOCIMI, S.A. 
(Incorporated and registered in Spain under the Spanish Companies Act) 
€6,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme described in this base prospectus (the “Programme”), Merlin Properties, SOCIMI, S.A. (the 
“Issuer” or the “Company”), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro 
Medium Term Notes (the “Notes”). The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding under the Programme will not at any time exceed 
Euro 6,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies), subject to increase as provided herein. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest payable in respect of Notes and the issue price of Notes will be set out in the Final 
Terms, which will also complete information set out in the terms and conditions (the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” or the 
“Conditions”) applicable to each Tranche, as required. 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the Notes issued under the Programme for the period of 12 months from 
the date of this base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) to be admitted to the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the “Official 
List”) and to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market. References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being 
“listed” (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to the Official List and admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes 
of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments, as amended (“MiFID II”). The 
Programme provides for Notes to be listed on such other or further stock exchange(s) as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s). The relevant Final Terms in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be listed on the Official 
List and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market (or any other stock exchange). Copies of the Final Terms 
in relation to the Notes to be listed on the Official List will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com.). 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the “CSSF”), as competent authority under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. The CSSF assumes no responsibility as to the economic and financial soundness of 
the issue of any Notes or the quality or solvency of the Issuer in line with the provisions of article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Act dated 16 July 
2019 relating to prospectuses for securities. 
Each Series (as defined in “General Description of the Programme – Method of Issue”) of Notes will be represented on issue by a temporary 
global note in bearer form (each a “temporary Global Note”) or a permanent global note in bearer form (each a “permanent Global Note” 
and together with the temporary Global Notes, the “Global Notes”). If the Global Notes are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued 
in new global note (“NGN”) form, the Global Notes will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the relevant Tranche to a common 
safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream, 
Luxembourg”). Global Notes which are not issued in NGN form (“Classic Global Notes” or “CGNs”) will be deposited on the issue date of 
the relevant Tranche with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the “Common Depositary”).  
The provisions governing the exchange of interests in Global Notes for other Global Notes and definitive Notes are described in “Overview of 
Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form”. 
Tranches of Notes will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is to be rated, such rating will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes will be treated as having been (i) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union (the “EU”) and registered under Regulation (EC) 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (the “EU CRA 
Regulation”) and/or (ii) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom and registered or certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”) will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. A list of registered credit rating agencies is published at the 
European Securities and Market Authority’s website: http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs. A rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
agency.  
This Base Prospectus will be valid as a base prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation for 12 months from 10 May 2024 (i.e., until and 
including 10 May 2025). The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or 
material inaccuracies will not apply following the expiry of that period. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
Arranger for the Programme 
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE 
CORPORATE & INVESTMENT BANKING 
 
Dealers 
BBVA 
BANCO SABADELL 
BANKINTER 
BNP PARIBAS 
CAIXABANK 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB 
HSBC 
IMI – INTESA SANPAOLO 
NATIXIS 
SANTANDER CORPORATE & INVESTMENT 
BANKING 
SMBC 
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE  
CORPORATE & INVESTMENT BANKING  
 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 10 May 2024

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
IMPORTANT NOTICES ................................................................................................................................... 4 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ....................................................................................10 
RISK FACTORS ...............................................................................................................................................15 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .....................................................................................40 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ..............................................................................................43 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ......................78 
USE OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................................................................................84 
INFORMATION ON THE COMPANY ...........................................................................................................85 
INFORMATION ON THE GROUP..................................................................................................................91 
THE GROUP’S GREEN FINANCING FRAMEWORK ...............................................................................100 
INFORMATION ON THE SPANISH SOCIMI REGIME ..............................................................................106 
TAXATION ..................................................................................................................................................... 110 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................................ 116 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .............................................................................................................................121 
GENERAL INFORMATION ..........................................................................................................................136 
DEFINITIONS ................................................................................................................................................139

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and any applicable Final 
Terms. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final 
Terms is in accordance with the facts and the Base Prospectus (in respect of any Notes, this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the applicable Final Terms) makes no omission likely to affect the import of such information. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated herein by reference in 
accordance with Article 19 of the Prospectus Regulation (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). 
Copies of the Final Terms will be available, free of charge, from the registered office of the Issuer and the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent set out below. 
In this Base Prospectus, references to the “Group”, “us”, “we” or “our” are to the Issuer and its subsidiaries 
(including associates) taken as a whole.  
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those contained in 
this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such information or 
representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers or the Arranger 
(as defined in “General Description of the Programme”). Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale 
made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in 
the affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer since the 
date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that 
any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on 
which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms, save that the minimum denomination of each Note will be such amount 
as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant specified currency indicated in the applicable Final Terms and save that, in the 
case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European Economic Area 
(the “EEA”) or offered to the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area in circumstances which 
require the publication of a Base Prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum Specified Denomination 
shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes). 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted 
by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms come are required by the Issuer, the 
Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. The Notes have not been 
and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) or under any 
securities law of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. 
Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered, directly or indirectly, within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in the Securities Act). For a description of 
certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see “Subscription and 
Sale”. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Dealers to 
subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
The Arranger and the Dealers have not separately verified the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the 
fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers or the Arranger makes any representation, express or implied, or 
accepts any responsibility for the contents of this Base Prospectus (including the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus), the accuracy or completeness of any of the information in this 
Base Prospectus or for any other statement, made or purported to be made by the Arranger or a Dealer or on its behalf 
in connection with the Issuer or the issue and offering of the Notes. The Arranger and each Dealer accordingly 
disclaim all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as referred to above) which it

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
might otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such statement. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
other financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be 
considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any other financial statements should purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should 
determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes 
should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers or the Arranger undertakes to 
review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of 
any of the Dealers or the Arranger. 
None of the Dealers makes any representation as to the suitability of any Notes issued under the Programme, an 
amount equivalent to the net proceeds of which is intended to be used towards the financing and/or refinancing of 
Eligible Projects (as defined in the section entitled “Use of Proceeds”) to fulfil any environmental, social and/or 
sustainability criteria required by any prospective investors. The Dealers have not undertaken, nor are they 
responsible for, (i) any assessment or verification of the Issuer’s Framework (as defined in the “The Group’s Green 
Financing Framework” below) or the Eligible Projects and their impact, (ii) any verification of whether the Eligible 
Projects meet the eligibility criteria of the Framework, or (iii) any monitoring of the use of an amount equivalent to 
the net proceeds of any such Notes. Prospective investors should refer to the Issuer’s Framework and the Second 
Party Opinion (each as defined herein), and for the avoidance of doubt, neither the Issuer’s Framework nor the 
Second Party Opinion, is incorporated into, or forms part of, this Base Prospectus. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) acting as Stabilisation Manager(s) 
(or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) as specified in the applicable Final Terms may over-
allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that 
which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin 
on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is 
made and, if begun, cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any 
stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or any person(s) 
acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to Euro and € are to 
the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the 
Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures 
shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain 
tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited 
in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable law. 
The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding under the Programme will not at any time exceed Euro 
6,000,000,000 and, for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be translated into Euro at the 
date of the agreement to issue such Notes (calculated in accordance with the provisions of the Dealer Agreement). 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of Notes which may be outstanding at any one time under the Programme 
may be increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealer Agreement. 
NO ACTIVE TRADING MARKET 
Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which there 
is currently no active trading market (unless, in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche is to be consolidated 
with and form a single series with an outstanding Tranche of Notes). If the Notes are traded after their initial issuance, 
they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for 
similar securities, general economic conditions and the financial condition of the Issuer. Although application has 
been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months 
after the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official list and to trading on its regulated market, there is 
no assurance that such applications will be accepted, that any particular Tranche of Notes will be so admitted or that

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
an active trading market will develop. Accordingly, there is no assurance as to the development or liquidity of any 
trading market for any particular Tranche of Notes. 
 
LEGAL INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS MAY RESTRICT CERTAIN INVESTMENT 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and 
to what extent: (i) Notes are legal investments for it; (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing; and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should 
consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any 
applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
NOTES MAY NOT BE A SUITABLE INVESTMENT FOR ALL INVESTORS 
Each potential investor in any Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such investment will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the relevant 
Notes, including where principal or interest is payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for principal 
or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased as a way to reduce risk or 
enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential 
investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone 
or with the help of a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the 
resulting effects on the value of such Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor’s 
overall investment portfolio. 
NOTICE TO CANADIAN INVESTORS 
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited 
investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities 
Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, 
Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an 
exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for 
rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, 
provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed 
by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable 
provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult 
with a legal adviser. Pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the government 
of a non-Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105),

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
the Dealers are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts 
of interest in connection with any Notes issued under the Programme. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus includes statements that are, or may be deemed to be, forward-looking statements. These 
forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the terms 
“anticipates”, “believes”, “estimates”, “expects”, “intends”, “may”, “plans”, “projects”, “should” or “will”, or, in 
each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology, or by discussions of strategy, plans, targets, 
objectives, goals, future events or intentions. These forward-looking statements include all matters that are not 
historical facts. They appear in a number of places throughout this Base Prospectus and include, but are not limited 
to, statements regarding the Issuer’s intentions, beliefs or current expectations concerning, among other things, the 
Issuer’s results of operations, financial position, prospects, anticipated growth, Business Strategy, financing 
strategies, prospects for sourcing, acquiring and relationships with tenants, liquidity of the Issuer’s assets, the state 
of the Spanish and Portuguese and global economy and expectations for the Spanish and Portuguese real estate 
industry and elsewhere. 
By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to future events and 
circumstances. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and the actual results of the 
Issuer’s operations and the development of the markets and the industry in which the Issuer operates, may differ 
materially from those described in, or suggested by, the forward-looking statements contained in this Base 
Prospectus. In addition, even if the Issuer’s results of operations, financial position and growth, and the development 
of the markets and the industry in which the Issuer operates, are consistent with the forward-looking statements 
contained in this Base Prospectus, those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in 
subsequent periods. A number of factors could cause results and developments of the Issuer to differ materially from 
those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements including, without limitation, general economic and 
business conditions, Spanish and Portuguese real estate market conditions, industry trends, competition, changes in 
law or regulation, changes in taxation regimes or development planning regime, the availability and cost of capital, 
currency fluctuations, changes in its Business Strategy, political and economic uncertainty and other factors 
discussed in “Risk Factors”. The Issuer undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements and 
will not publicly release any revisions it may make to these forward-looking statements that may occur due to any 
change in the Issuer’s expectations or to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Base Prospectus, except 
where required by applicable law. Given the uncertainty inherent in forward-looking statements, prospective 
investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these statements.  
The Dealers assume no responsibility or liability for, and make no representations, warranty or assurance whatsoever 
in respect of, any of the forward-looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus. 
 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
The financial data included and incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, in addition to the conventional 
financial performance measures established by IFRS-EU, contains certain alternative performance measures (as 
defined in the ESMA Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures) (“APMs”) that are presented for purposes 
of providing investors with a better understanding of the financial performance of the Group, its cash flows or 
financial position as they are used by the Company when managing its business. The relevant metrics are identified 
as APMs and accompanied by an explanation of each such metric’s components in Appendix 5 to the 2023 
Consolidated Management Report accompanying the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer and Note 14 of 
the 2022 Consolidated Management Report accompanying the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer, both 
of which are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  
Such measures should not be considered as a substitute for those required by IFRS-EU. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (“MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended (the 
“Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended the “PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II product governance / professional investors and ECPs only target market – The Final Terms in 
respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration 
the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance 
Rules. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently, no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK MiFIR product governance / professional investors and ECPs only target market – The Final Terms in 
respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration 
the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of 
the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
BENCHMARK REGULATION 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated or otherwise determined by reference to certain reference rates, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets 
Institute (“EMMI”) (as administrator of EURIBOR) appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to Article 36 of

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
the Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the “EU BMR”).  
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES 
ACT (CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product 
Classification” which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to Section 309B(1) of the Securities 
and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (as modified or amended from time to time, the “SFA”). The Issuer will make a 
determination and provide the appropriate written notification to “relevant persons” in relation to each issue about 
the classification of the Notes being offered for the purposes of Section 309B(1)(a) and Section 309B(1)(c) of the 
SFA. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Dealers or 
the Arranger to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. The Arranger and the Dealers have not separately verified the 
information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. None of the Dealers or the Arranger 
makes any representation, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or 
completeness of any of the information in this Base Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial 
statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a 
recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any 
other financial statements should purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should make their own 
assessment of the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should 
be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers or the Arranger undertakes to review 
the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Group during the life of the provisions contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the 
attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus. 
Issuer: 
Merlin Properties, SOCIMI, S.A. 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
959800L8KD863DP30X04 
Website of the Issuer: 
www.merlinproperties.com  
Risk Factors: 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain 
risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the abilities of the 
Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes are discussed under 
“Risk Factors” above. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme. 
Size: 
Up to €6,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the 
date of issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at 
any one time. 
Arranger: 
Société Générale. 
Dealers: 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., Banco de Sabadell, S.A., 
Banco Santander, S.A., Bankinter, S.A., BNP Paribas, 
CaixaBank, S.A., Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank, HSBC Continental Europe, Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., 
Natixis, SMBC Bank EU AG and Société Générale. 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of 
any Dealer under the Programme or appoint additional Dealers 
either in respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the whole 
Programme. References in this Base Prospectus to “Permanent 
Dealers” are to the persons listed above as Dealers and to such 
additional persons that are appointed as Dealers in respect of the 
whole Programme (and whose appointment has not been 
terminated) and references to “Dealers” are to all Permanent 
Dealers and all persons appointed as a Dealer in respect of one or 
more Tranches. 
Fiscal Agent: 
Société Générale Luxembourg. 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
The Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”) having one or 
more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical 
other than in respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes of 
each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other 
Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each 
a “Tranche”) on the same or different issue dates. The specific 
terms of each Tranche (which will be completed, where necessary, 
with the relevant terms and conditions and, save in respect of the 
issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and nominal 
amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other 
Tranches of the same Series) will be completed in the final terms 
for such Tranche (the “Final Terms”).

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
Issue Price: 
The Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount 
or premium to their nominal amount. The price and amount of 
Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by 
the Issuer and each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in 
accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes may be issued in bearer form only. Each Tranche of 
Notes will be represented on issue by a temporary Global Note if 
(i) definitive Notes are to be made available to Noteholders 
following the expiry of 40 days after their issue date or (ii) such 
Notes have an initial maturity of more than one year and are being 
issued in compliance with the D Rules (as defined in 
“Subscription and Sale – Selling Restrictions” below), otherwise 
such Tranche will be represented by a permanent Global Note.  
Clearing Systems: 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear and, in relation to any 
Tranche, such other clearing system as may be agreed between 
the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer. 
Initial Delivery of Notes: 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche, if the relevant Global 
Note is a NGN, the Global Note will be delivered to a Common 
Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. On or 
before the issue date for each Tranche, if the relevant Global Note 
is a CGN, the Global Note representing Notes may (or, in the case 
of Notes listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, shall) be 
deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. Global Notes relating to Notes that are 
not listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange may also be 
deposited with any other clearing system or may be delivered 
outside any clearing system provided that the method of such 
delivery has been agreed in advance by the Issuer, the Fiscal 
Agent and the relevant Dealer. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in any currency agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, any maturity.  
Specified Denomination: 
Definitive Notes will be in such denominations as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms save that (i) in the case of 
any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market within the European Economic Area or offered to the 
public in an EEA State in circumstances which require the 
publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the 
minimum Specified Denomination shall be €100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the 
Notes); and (ii) unless otherwise permitted by then current laws 
and regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated in sterling) 
which have a maturity of less than one year and in respect of 
which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a 
contravention of section 19 of the FSMA will have a minimum 
denomination of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each 
year specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for 
each Series as follows:  
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 
2006 ISDA Definitions or the latest version of the 2021 
ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc.; or 
 
(ii) 
by reference to EURIBOR as adjusted for any applicable 
margin. 
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at 
a discount to it and will not bear interest. 
Interest Periods and Interest Rates: 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to 
time or be constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum 
interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or both. The use of interest 
accrual periods permits the Notes to bear interest at different rates 
in the same interest period. All such information will be set out in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
When there is a Benchmark Event, which includes (amongst other 
events) permanent discontinuation of an Original Reference Rate, 
the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser, who shall endeavour to determine a 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate, as well as an Adjustment Spread which 
will be applied to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate. In 
addition, the Issuer may vary the Conditions, as necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate. 
Redemption: 
The relevant Final Terms will specify the basis for calculating the 
redemption amounts payable. Unless permitted by then current 
laws and regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated in 
sterling) which have a maturity of less than one year and in respect 
of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the 
United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a 
contravention of section 19 of the FSMA must have a minimum 
redemption amount of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies).

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
Optional Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state 
whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) 
and/or the holders, and if so the terms applicable to such 
redemption. Any redemption will be at a price equal to or greater 
than 100 per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes. 
Early Redemption: 
Except as provided in “– Optional Redemption” above, Notes will 
be redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior to maturity only for 
tax reasons. See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – 
Redemption, Purchase and Options”. 
Status of Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, general, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to Condition 4) unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and, in the event of insolvency 
(concurso) of the Issuer, will (unless they qualify as subordinated 
debts under Article 281 of the Spanish Insolvency Act or 
equivalent legal provision which replaces it in the future, and 
subject to any legal and statutory exceptions) rank pari passu 
without any preference among themselves and with all other 
outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and 
monetary obligations of the Issuer, present and future, all as 
described in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Status of 
Notes”. 
Negative Pledge: 
See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Negative Pledge”. 
Cross Default: 
See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Events of Default”. 
Issuer Covenants: 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, the Issuer will 
be subject to certain covenants. See “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes – Covenants”. 
Ratings: 
Tranches of Notes will be rated or unrated.  
Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes will 
be treated as having been issued or endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the European Union and registered under 
the EU CRA Regulation and/or issued or endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the United Kingdom and registered 
or certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any 
time by the assigning rating agency. 
Taxation: 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will 
be made free and clear of withholding taxes of the Kingdom of 
Spain unless the withholding is required by law. In such event, the 
Issuer shall, subject to customary exceptions, pay such additional 
amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholder of such 
amounts as would have been received by it had no such

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
withholding been required, all as described in “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – Taxation”. 
The Issuer considers that, according to Royal Decree 1065/2007, 
of 27 July, it is not obliged to withhold taxes in Spain in relation 
to interest paid on the Notes to any investor (whether tax resident 
in Spain or not) provided that the information procedures 
described in section “Taxation– Disclosure of Information in 
Connection with the Notes” below are fulfilled.  
According to the information procedures described in such 
section, it would no longer be necessary to provide the Issuer with 
information regarding the identity and tax residence of the 
Noteholders or the amount of interest payable to them, provided 
certain conditions are met. 
For further information on this matter, please refer to “Risk 
Factors — Risks related to the Spanish Withholding Tax”.  
Governing Law: 
Save for Condition 3 (Status of Notes), English law. 
Listing and Admission to Trading: 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to the 
Official List and to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange’s regulated market or as otherwise specified in 
the relevant Final Terms and references to listing shall be 
construed accordingly. As specified in the relevant Final Terms, a 
Series of Notes may be unlisted. 
Selling Restrictions: 
The United States, EEA Retail Investors, UK Retail Investors, the 
United Kingdom, the Kingdom of Spain, Japan, the Republic of 
Italy, Belgium, Singapore and Switzerland. See “Subscription and 
Sale”. 
 
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S under 
the Securities Act. 
 
The Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the “D Rules”) unless (i) the relevant Final 
Terms state that Notes are issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. 
Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the “C Rules”) or (ii) the Notes are 
issued other than in compliance with the D Rules or the C Rules 
but in circumstances in which the Notes will not constitute 
“registration required obligations” under the United States Tax 
Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 (“TEFRA”), which 
circumstances will be referred to in the relevant Final Terms as a 
transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Prospective investors should carefully consider all the information set forth in this Base Prospectus, the 
applicable Final Terms and any documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, as well as their 
own personal circumstances, before deciding to invest in any Notes. Prospective investors should have 
particular regard to, among other matters, the considerations set out in this section of this Base Prospectus.  
The Issuer believes that each of the following risk factors, many of which are beyond the control of the Issuer 
or are difficult to predict, may materially affect its financial position and its ability to fulfil its obligations under 
Notes issued under the Programme.  
Risk factors that are material for the purpose of assessing the risks relating to (i) the structure of a particular 
issue of Notes, (ii) the Notes and (iii) the market are also described below. 
Those risk factors that the Issuer believes are the most material as at the date of this Base Prospectus have been 
presented first in each category. The order of presentation of the remaining risk factors in each category is not 
intended to be an indication of the probability of their occurrence or of their potential effect on the Issuer’s 
ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. Furthermore, the order of presentation of the categories 
themselves is not intended to be an indication of their importance or materiality. 
The Issuer believes that the risk factors described below represent the principal risk factors inherent in investing 
in Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts 
on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons, which may not be considered significant risks 
by the Issuer based on information currently available to it or which it may not currently be able to anticipate. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, 
including the descriptions of the Issuer and the Group, as well as the documents incorporated by reference, and 
reach their own views prior to making any investment decisions. 
Before making an investment decision with respect to any Notes, prospective investors should consult their own 
stockbroker, bank manager, lawyer, accountant or other financial, legal and tax advisers and carefully review 
the risks entailed by an investment in the Notes and consider such an investment decision in the light of the 
prospective investor’s personal circumstances. 
Words and expressions defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall have the same meanings in this 
section. 
1. RISKS RELATING TO THE ECONOMY 
Since the Group’s Assets are concentrated in Spain and, to a lesser extent, Portugal, adverse developments 
in general economic conditions in Spain and Portugal may adversely affect the Group 
The principal activity of the Group is the acquisition (directly or indirectly), active management, operation and 
selective rotation of Commercial Property Assets in the Core and Core Plus segments primarily in Spain, and 
to a lesser extent, in Portugal. Accordingly, the Group is exposed to the political risks in Spain and Portugal and 
the performance of the Spanish and the Portuguese economy will affect the Group’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Against the backdrop of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and the pressure on household incomes caused by high 
inflation, there is currently significant uncertainty about the economic outlook in Spain, Portugal and globally. 
According to the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) in February 2024, 
gross domestic product growth in Spain is expected to slow to 1.5% in 2024 (from 2.5% in 2023). While Spanish 
inflation remains high, 12-month inflation came in lower at 3.2% in March 2024 (down from 3.3% in March 
2023 and a peak of 4.1% in April 2023), and so did underlying annual inflation (excluding food and energy) at

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
3.3% in March 2024, representing a 4.2% decrease when compared to the same period in 2023 (source: Spanish 
Statistical Office, INE).  
With regard to Portugal, the OECD estimated in its February 2024 economic forecast that GDP growth in 
Portugal was to increase to 1.2% in 2024 (from 1.0% in 2023), while annual inflation decreased to 2.5% in 
April 2024 (down from 7.8% in March 2024) (source: Portuguese Statistics Office, INE).  
In response to high inflation, central banks around the world, including the European Central Bank (the “ECB”), 
have gradually tightened their monetary policies in recent years, with the ECB deciding, on 11 April 2024, to 
keep the three key ECB interest rates unchanged from its last increase, which entered into effect on 20 
September 2023 and which represented a 25 basis points increase to 4%. Further, the ECB has indicated that its 
future decisions will ensure that the policy rates will be brought to sufficiently restrictive levels to achieve a 
timely return of inflation to the 2% medium-term target. 
Any prolonged period of economic uncertainty, marked by high inflation (particularly if pressures in global 
energy markets were to reappear) and increased borrowing costs due to higher interest rates negatively affects, 
among other things, business and consumer confidence, employment levels, the state of the housing market, the 
commercial real estate sector, the state of the equity, bond and foreign exchange markets, counterparty risk, the 
availability and cost of credit, transaction volumes in key markets and the liquidity of the global financial 
markets. This, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our tenants, business and the value of our Property 
Portfolio. 
Any of the above factors affecting Spain, Portugal, the Eurozone or the global economy may affect rental and/or 
capital values of property assets and may reduce the ability of the Group to obtain liquidity or acquire or dispose 
of properties and to secure or retain tenants on acceptable terms and, consequently, may have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Pandemics or other future public health crises could severely affect companies operating in the commercial 
real estate sector 
While, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the fallout from the COVID-19 pandemic has eased, there can be 
no assurance that new strains of COVID-19 or other viruses or public health crises will not emerge in the future.  
Any lockdowns, quarantines, restrictions on travel, social distancing rules and restrictions on types of 
businesses that may be allowed to operate in response to any such pandemic, virus or public health crisis could 
have a significant impact on tenants of commercial property space and property companies, such as the Group 
and includes the following factors:  
 
difficulty in collecting rent payments, on time or at all, from certain tenants, in particular those of retail 
units that may be unable to operate due to restrictions imposed by governments; 
 
cashflow difficulties and deterioration in credit and financing conditions which may affect tenants’ 
ability to access capital necessary to fund business operations, which, in turn, may affect their ability 
to pay rent on time or at all or may lead to such tenants becoming insolvent; 
 
tenants’ ability to operate their business in compliance with new health and safety rules, regulations 
and recommendations, such as restrictions on, or changes made by businesses for social distancing 
and hygiene/sanitation reasons, capacity and layout of shops and other retail businesses; 
 
a downward trend in property values and rent levels or tenants’ requests for payment holidays, rent 
reductions and rent cancellations; 
 
a decrease in demand for commercial property as a result of travel restrictions or other confinement 
measures, a general slowdown of the economy or a change in established working patterns through a

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
sustained shift to “work from home”, “remote working/meeting” and “hybrid work model” 
arrangements on an extended or permanent basis; and 
 
a decline in business travel and tourism, either as a result of travel bans or restrictions, vaccine 
passports or confinement measures or as a result of changes in people’s behaviours, which in turn, has 
a severe impact on the demand for hotel rooms. 
Any of the above could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects and the value of its Property Portfolio. 
2. RISKS RELATING TO THE GROUP’S BUSINESS MODEL 
The Group’s Assets are concentrated in the Spanish and Portuguese commercial property markets and the 
Group therefore has a greater exposure to political, economic and other factors affecting the Spanish and 
Portuguese markets than more geographically diversified businesses 
As a result of the Group’s strategy to focus on the commercial property markets in Spain and, to a lesser extent, 
Portugal, the Group has, and will continue to have, a geographic concentration, which is more significant than 
companies with more geographically diversified portfolios. The Group’s performance may be significantly 
affected by events beyond its control affecting Spain and Portugal, and the Spanish and Portuguese commercial 
property markets in particular. Such events include: a general economic downturn affecting the Spanish and 
Portuguese economies in particular, adverse changes in demand for, or increased supply of, commercial 
property in Spain and Portugal, changes in domestic and/or international regulatory requirements and applicable 
laws and regulations (including in relation to taxation), a deterioration in Spain’s and Portugal’s attractiveness 
as foreign direct investment destinations, political conditions, the condition of financial markets, sovereign debt 
defaults in the Euro area, the availability of credit, the financial condition of tenants, interest rate and inflation 
rate fluctuations, higher accounting and control expenses and other developments. Any of these events could 
reduce the rental and/or capital values of the Group’s property assets and/or the ability of the Group to acquire 
or dispose of properties and to secure or retain tenants on acceptable terms or at all and, consequently, may have 
a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. See 
also “––1. Risks relating to the Economy––Since the Group’s Assets are concentrated in Spain and, to a lesser 
extent, Portugal, adverse developments in general economic conditions in Spain and Portugal may adversely 
affect the Group”.  
In addition, the Group is subject to certain restrictions on investments under the SOCIMI Regime (see 
“Information on the Spanish SOCIMI Regime” below for further information). There can be no assurance that 
a sufficient number of suitable opportunities will be available on satisfactory terms, or at all, to enable the Group 
to diversify its assets in order to limit the risks derived from the specific exposure to the Spanish and Portuguese 
commercial property markets which may, in turn, have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
3. RISKS RELATING TO COMPETITION AND THE GROUP’S BUSINESS OPERATIONS 
Competition may affect the ability of the Group to secure tenants at satisfactory rental rates and to make 
appropriate investments  
The existence and extent of competition in the commercial property market may have a material adverse effect 
on the Group’s ability to secure tenants for its Property Portfolio and also any properties it acquires at 
satisfactory rental rates and on a timely basis and to subsequently retain such tenants. Competition may cause 
difficulty in achieving rents in line with the Group’s expectations and may result in increased pressure to offer 
new and renewing tenants’ incentives, which may, in turn, result in lower than expected rental revenues.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
The Group also faces competition from property investors for the purchase of desirable properties and in seeking 
creditworthy tenants for the acquired properties. Competitors include not only regional Spanish or Portuguese 
investors and real estate developers with in-depth knowledge of the local markets, but also property portfolio 
companies, including funds that invest nationally and internationally, institutional investors and foreign 
investors. The competitiveness in the Spanish real estate sector has been heightened recently by the entry of 
new participants, such as other real estate investment companies, backed by both national and international 
investors, that have entered the Spanish market to take advantage of what they perceive as attractive valuations 
of real estate assets. Competition in the commercial property market may lead to prices for existing properties 
being driven up through competing bids by potential purchasers.  
Any inability by the Group to compete effectively against other property investors or to effectively manage the 
risks related to competition may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects. 
4. RISKS RELATING TO THE VALUE OF OUR ASSETS 
Property valuation is inherently subjective and uncertain 
The success of the Group depends significantly on the ability of the Group to assess the values of properties, 
both at the time of acquisition and the time of disposal. Valuations of the Group’s property assets will also have 
a significant effect on the Group’s financial standing on an ongoing basis and on its ability to obtain further 
financing. The valuation of property and property-related assets is inherently subjective, in part because all 
property valuations are made on the basis of assumptions which may not prove to be accurate (particularly in 
periods of volatility or low transaction flow in the commercial real estate market), and in part because of the 
individual nature of each property. Therefore, property valuations might not accurately reflect the current 
market value of the Group’s Assets at a certain time.  
In determining the value of properties, the valuers are required to make assumptions in respect of matters 
including, but not limited to, the existence of willing sellers in uncertain market conditions, title, condition of 
structure and services, existence of deleterious materials, environmental matters, permits and licences, statutory 
requirements and planning, expected future rental revenues from the property and other information. Such 
assumptions may prove to be inaccurate, particularly during periods of heightened uncertainty such as the 
current economic situation affected by Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and heightened inflation. Moreover, the 
market value of real estate assets could decrease for a variety of factors, such as the increase of interest rates 
which could result in higher yield expectations or the rise of financing costs which, in turn, may result in a 
decrease of market transactions. Additionally, recessionary conditions in the wider economy, lower than 
expected returns, regulatory changes, price increases and other factors may also affect the market value of real 
estate assets. Incorrect assumptions underlying a valuation could negatively affect the value of any property 
assets the Group has acquired or will acquire and thereby have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Valuations are particularly difficult to carry out in 
periods of volatility or when there is limited real estate transactional data against which property valuations can 
be benchmarked. Valuations carried out by or on behalf of the Group may not reflect actual transaction prices 
even where any such transactions are undertaken shortly after the relevant valuation date, and the estimated 
yield and annual rental income in such valuations may prove to be unattainable. 
At the Company’s request, external independent real estate appraisers prepared a valuation report which valued 
the Group’s Assets at an aggregate amount of approximately €11.270 billion as at 31 December 2023 (the 
“Valuation”) compared to €11.317 billion as at 31 December 2022. If the Valuation does not accurately reflect 
the value of the underlying properties, or if any valuations relied on by the Group in making acquisitions should 
prove to have been inaccurate, whether due to the above factors or otherwise, this may have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
The value of any properties that the Group has acquired and the rental income those properties yield are 
subject to fluctuations in the Spanish and Portuguese property markets 
Real estate markets are cyclical in nature and are affected by the condition of the economy as a whole. There is 
now a risk that the commercial property markets in Portugal and Spain will be adversely affected by the 
slowdown in economic growth, high inflation and tightening credit conditions and that Spanish and Portuguese 
real estate values could decline, perhaps substantially. See “—1. Risks Relating to the Economy—Since the 
Group’s Assets are concentrated in Spain and, to a lesser extent, Portugal, adverse developments in general 
economic conditions in Spain and Portugal may adversely affect the Group”.  
In addition to the general economic climate, the Spanish and Portuguese commercial property markets and 
prevailing rental rates and asset values may also be affected by factors such as an excess supply of properties, 
the availability of credit, the level of interest rates and changes in laws and governmental regulations (both 
domestic and international), including those governing real estate usage, zoning and taxes. In addition, rental 
rates may also be affected by a fall in the general demand for rental property and reductions in tenants’ and 
potential tenants’ space requirements. All of these factors are outside of the Group’s control, and may reduce 
the attractiveness of holding property as an asset class. 
These factors could also have a material effect on the Group’s ability to maintain the occupancy levels of the 
properties it has acquired and will acquire through the execution of leases with new tenants and the renewal of 
leases with existing tenants, as well as its ability to maintain or increase rents over the longer term. In particular, 
non-renewal of leases or early termination by significant tenants in the Group’s property portfolio could 
materially adversely affect the Group’s net rental income. If the Group’s net rental income declines, it would 
have less cash available to service and repay its indebtedness and the value of its properties could further 
decline. In addition, significant expenditures associated with a property, such as taxes, service charges and 
maintenance costs, are often fixed and are therefore not reduced in proportion to any decline in rental revenue 
from that property. If rental revenue from a property declines while the related costs do not decline, the Group’s 
income and cash receipts could be materially adversely affected.  
Any deterioration in the Spanish and Portuguese commercial property markets, for whatever reason, could 
result in declines in market rents received by the Group, in occupancy rates for the Group’s properties, in the 
carrying values of the Group’s property assets and the value at which it could dispose of such assets. A decline 
in the carrying value of the Group’s property assets may also weaken the Group’s ability to obtain financing for 
new asset acquisitions at favourable credit terms and conditions or at all. Any of the above may have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
5. RISKS RELATING TO THE GROUP’S ACQUISITION, DEVELOPMENT AND DISPOSAL 
ACTIVITY 
The refurbishment and development activity of the Group is dependent on obtaining required licences and 
permits to be granted by the administration and/or the performance of third-party contractors when 
undertaking development, refurbishment or redevelopment projects and may suffer delays, cost over-runs, 
non-completion or may fail to achieve expected results 
In circumstances where the Group seeks to create value by undertaking development, refurbishment or 
redevelopment of its property assets, it will typically be dependent on the performance of third-party contractors 
who undertake the management or execution of such development, refurbishment or redevelopment on behalf 
of the Group. The risks of development, refurbishment or redevelopment include, but are not limited to: 
 
failure by such third-party contractors in performing their contractual obligations; 
 
insolvency of such third-party contractors;

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
the inability of the third-party contractors to retain key members of staff; 
 
cost deviations in relation to the services provided by the third-party contractors; 
 
inflation stress and its effect on costs as well as delays due to logistics chain problems; 
 
delays in properties being available for occupancy; 
 
poor quality execution; 
 
fraud or misconduct by an officer, employee or agent of a third-party contractor; 
 
diversion of resources and attention of the Board of Directors and the Management Team from 
operations and acquisition opportunities; 
 
disputes between the Group and third-party contractors, which may increase the Group’s costs and 
require the time and attention of the Board of Directors and the Management Team; 
 
liability of the Group for the actions of the third-party contractors; 
 
inability to obtain governmental and regulatory permits on a timely basis or at all; 
 
inability to sell the developed, redeveloped or refurbished units at prices that are favourable to the 
Group or at all; and 
 
inability to rent the units to tenants at rental rates that are favourable to the Group or at all. 
If the Group’s third-party contractors fail to successfully perform the services for which they have been 
engaged, either as a result of their own fault or negligence, or due to the Group’s failure to properly supervise 
any such contractors, this could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects. 
In addition, development, refurbishment or redevelopment projects are based on business plans devised by the 
Management Team and actual results might differ. Unexpected developments may have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Furthermore, the refurbishment and development activity of the Group is dependent on obtaining required 
licences and permits to be granted by local or regional authorities. Such licences and permits may be subject to 
delays, increased compliance costs or revocation. 
There is no assurance that the Group will realise anticipated returns on property development, refurbishment or 
redevelopment. Failure to generate anticipated returns may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Real estate assets are illiquid 
Real estate assets can be illiquid for reasons including, but not limited to, the long-term nature of leases, 
commercial properties being tailored to tenants’ specific requirements and varying demand for commercial 
property. This is especially the case with land. Such illiquidity may affect the Group’s ability to change the 
composition of its portfolio or dispose of properties in a timely fashion and/or at satisfactory prices in response 
to changes in economic, property market or other conditions. This may have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group’s due diligence may not identify all risks and liabilities in respect of an asset acquisition 
Prior to entering into an agreement to acquire any property, the Group performs due diligence on the proposed 
asset. There can be no assurance, however, that due diligence examinations carried out by the Group or third 
parties in connection with any properties the Group has acquired or may acquire did or will reveal all of the

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
risks associated with that asset, or the full extent of such risks. Properties the Group acquires or invests in may 
be subject to hidden material defects that were not apparent at the time of acquisition. To the extent that the 
Group and other third parties underestimate or fail to identify risks and liabilities associated with an asset, the 
Group may be subject to one or more of the following risks: 
 
defects in title; 
 
environmental liabilities or structural or operational defects or liabilities requiring remediation and/or 
not covered by indemnities or insurance; 
 
lack or insufficiency of permits and licences (e.g., occupancy and activity licences from municipal 
authorities); 
 
an inability to obtain permits enabling the property to be used as intended; or 
 
the acquisition of properties that are not consistent with the Group’s Business Strategy or that fail to 
perform in accordance with expectations. 
Any of these consequences of a due diligence failure may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.   
The Group may dispose of assets at a lower than expected return or at a loss, or may be unable to dispose of 
assets at all 
The Group may elect to dispose of assets and may also be required to dispose of an asset at any time, including 
due to a requirement imposed by a third party (for example, a lending bank). There can be no assurance that, at 
the time the Group seeks to dispose of assets (whether voluntarily or otherwise), relevant market conditions 
will be favourable or that the Group will be able to maximise the returns on such disposed assets. It may be 
particularly difficult to dispose of certain types of real estate assets during recessionary times, such as land 
plots. To the extent that market conditions are not favourable, the Group may not be able to dispose of property 
assets at a gain and may even have to dispose of property assets at a loss. Furthermore, the Group may be unable 
to dispose of assets at all, which would tie up the capital allocated to such assets and could impede the Group’s 
ability to take advantage of other real estate opportunities. In addition, if the Group disposes of an asset within 
a period of three years from its acquisition or, if developed, from the time the property is rented or offered for 
rent, the profits arising from disposal of the property and potentially, the entire income derived from such asset, 
including rental income, will be taxable. See “—8. Risks relating to Regulation and Taxation of SOCIMIS—
Certain disposals of properties may have negative implications under the Spanish SOCIMI Regime”. 
Further, in acquiring a property, the Group may agree to restrictions that prohibit the sale of that property for a 
period of time or impose other restrictions, such as a limitation on the amount of debt that can be placed or 
repaid on that property. In addition, if the Group purchases properties where the rate of return is low and the 
purchase price is high, the value of such properties may not increase over time, and if the property is then sold 
the Group may incur a loss. 
Any inability of the Group to dispose of its assets or the inability to do so at a gain, or any losses on the disposal 
of the Group’s Assets, may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results 
of operations and prospects. 
The Group may be subject to liability following the disposal of assets 
The Group may be exposed to future liabilities and/or obligations with respect to the properties that it sells. The 
Group may be required or may consider it prudent to set aside provisions for warranty claims or contingent 
liabilities in respect of property disposals. The Group may be required to pay damages (including, but not 
limited to, litigation costs) to a purchaser to the extent that any representations or warranties given to a purchaser

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
prove to be inaccurate or to the extent that the Group breaches any of its covenants or obligations contained in 
the sale documentation. In certain circumstances, it is possible that representations and warranties incorrectly 
given could give rise to a right by the purchaser to unwind the contract in addition to the payment of damages. 
Further, the Group may become involved in disputes or litigation in connection with such disposed investments. 
Certain obligations and liabilities associated with the ownership of investments can also continue to exist 
notwithstanding any disposal, such as certain environmental liabilities or any liability arising from construction 
defects or damages (responsabilidad decenal). Any such claims, litigation or obligations, and any steps which 
the Group is required to take to meet this cost, such as sales of assets or increased borrowings could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
6. FINANCING RISKS 
The Group may not be able to obtain further financing on satisfactory terms or at all 
The Group’s Business Strategy contemplates the funding of investments through the Group’s own funds and/or, 
in part, through borrowings. There can be no guarantee, however, that the Group will be able to obtain such 
borrowings on acceptable terms or at all, which could adversely affect the implementation of its Business 
Strategy. In addition, the Group is exposed to risks associated with the refinancing of the existing debt facilities 
at maturity, either in size, cost or in terms of guarantees required by lenders. 
The level of the Group’s borrowings and the terms thereof will depend, among other things, on the Group’s and 
the lenders’ estimate of the stability of the relevant investments’ expected cash flows and the expected evolution 
of the value of the assets as well as macroeconomic factors and credit market conditions.  
In addition, in response to high inflation, central banks around the world, including the ECB, have gradually 
tightened their monetary policies in recent months, with the ECB deciding, on 11 April 2024, to keep the three 
key ECB interest rates unchanged from its last increase, which entered into effect on 20 September 2023 and 
which represented a 25 basis points increase to 4%. Further, the ECB has indicated that its future decisions will 
ensure that the policy rates will be brought to sufficiently restrictive levels to achieve a timely return of inflation 
to the 2% medium-term target. As a result, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, borrowing costs in both the 
bond and loan market are significantly higher than in recent years. 
If the Group is unable to obtain financing or refinance current indebtedness on commercially acceptable terms 
or at all, or delays are incurred in obtaining financing, this may impair the Group’s ability to make investments 
and leverage its resources, which may have a material adverse effect on the implementation of the Business 
Strategy and the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.  
The Group faces potential risks related to its indebtedness, in particular with regards to compliance of 
financial covenants 
A number of the Group’s current financing agreements contain standard covenants and covenants relating to 
the interest coverage ratio and loan to value ratio that, if breached, could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The indebtedness incurred by the Group, or that it may incur in the future, even within the limits set forth in its 
Business Strategy, could reduce the Group’s financial flexibility and cash available to the Company to pay 
interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with the Notes. If certain extraordinary or unforeseen 
events occur, including a breach of financial covenants, the Group’s borrowings and any hedging arrangements 
that it may have entered into may be repayable prior to the date on which they are scheduled for repayment or 
could otherwise become subject to early termination. If the Group is required to repay borrowings early, it may 
be forced to sell assets when it would not otherwise choose to do so in order to make the payments and it may 
be subject to prepayment penalties. The Group may also find it difficult or costly to refinance indebtedness as 
it matures, and if interest rates are higher when the indebtedness is refinanced, the Group’s costs could increase.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
In addition, the use of leverage may increase the exposure of the Group to adverse economic factors such as 
rising interest rates, downturns in the economy, deterioration in the condition of the Group’s investment and/or 
the Spanish and Portuguese real estate and banking sectors, which could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
7. OPERATING RISKS 
The Group may not have full control of its Assets and may therefore be subject to the risks associated with 
minority investments and joint venture investments 
Pursuant to the Group’s Business Strategy, the Group may enter into a variety of acquisition structures in which 
the Group acquires less than a 100% interest in a particular asset or entity with the remaining ownership interest 
being held by one or more third parties. The management and control of such an asset or entity may entail risks 
associated with multiple owners and decision makers, including the risks that:  
 
investment partners become insolvent or bankrupt, or fail to fund their share of any capital contribution 
which might be required, resulting in the Group having to pay the investment partner’s share or bearing 
the risk of losing the particular asset; 
 
investment partners have economic or other interests that are inconsistent with the Group’s interests 
and are in a position to take or influence actions contrary to the Group’s interests and plans (for 
example, in implementing active asset management measures), which may create impasses on 
decisions and affect the Group’s ability to implement its strategies and/or dispose of the asset or entity; 
 
income obtained from these minority investments may not qualify as income received from Qualifying 
Subsidiaries and hence may affect the Company’s ability to comply with the SOCIMI Regime 
requirement that at least 80% of the Company’s net annual income must derive from rental income 
and from dividends or capital gains in respect of certain specified assets; 
 
disputes develop between the Group and investment partners, resulting in the Group incurring 
litigation or arbitration costs and distracting the Board of Directors and/or the Management Team from 
their other managerial tasks; 
 
investment partners do not have enough liquid assets to make cash advances that may be required in 
order to fund operations, maintenance and other expenses related to the property, which could result 
in the loss of current or prospective tenants and may otherwise adversely affect the operation and 
maintenance of the property; 
 
an investment partner breaches agreements related to the property, which may cause a default under 
such agreements and result in liability for the Group; 
 
the Group may, in certain circumstances, be liable for the actions of investment partners; and 
 
a default by an investment partner constitutes a default under mortgage loan financing documents 
relating to the particular asset, which could result in a foreclosure and the loss of all or a substantial 
portion of the particular asset held by the Group. 
Any of the foregoing may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results 
of operations and prospects. 
Moreover, the Group may also invest in properties through minority investments or joint ventures (which could 
include minority investments or joint ventures with sellers of properties). In such cases, it will need to negotiate 
suitable arrangements with each of its proposed investment partners, which may also prove to be time-
consuming or could restrict the Group’s ability to act quickly or unilaterally. The Group’s inability to select and 
invest, alone or as an investment partner, in properties on a timely basis may have a material adverse effect on 
the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
The Group may suffer losses in excess of insurance proceeds, if any, or from uninsurable events 
The Group’s properties may suffer physical damage resulting in losses (including loss of rent) which may not 
be compensated for by insurance, either fully or at all. In addition, there are certain types of losses, generally 
of a catastrophic nature, that may be uninsurable or are not economically insurable. Inflation, changes in 
building codes and ordinances, environmental considerations, and other factors, might also result in insurance 
proceeds being unavailable or insufficient to repair or replace a property. Should an uninsured loss or a loss in 
excess of insured limits occur, the Group may lose capital invested in the affected property as well as anticipated 
future revenue from that property. In addition, the Group could be liable to repair damage caused by uninsured 
risks. The Group may also remain liable for any debt or other financial obligations related to that property. Any 
material uninsured losses may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects. 
The Group may be involved in litigation and arbitration proceedings, which could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects 
From time to time the Group may be involved in legal proceedings in the ordinary course of its business. An 
unfavourable outcome in respect of one or more of such proceedings could, to the extent such outcome is not 
covered by any of the Group’s insurance policies, have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects.  
The Group is exposed to cyber risks relating to its information systems 
The Group is exposed to cyber risks relating to its information systems, arising either from internal or external 
attacks or from unintended events. It is impossible for the Group to guarantee that cyberattacks or other security 
risks can be avoided by appropriate preventive security measures in every case. The occurrence of any of these 
risks could result in the loss, corruption or disclosure of sensitive data, including information relating to tenants 
or financial data. Given the complexity of the issues and the rapidity with which legislation, business models 
and cyber threats evolve, there can be no assurances that a cyber attack or other data breach would not have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s results of operations or financial condition. 
8. RISKS RELATING TO REGULATION AND TAXATION OF SOCIMIS 
Any change in tax legislation (including the Spanish SOCIMI Regime) may adversely affect the Group  
Any change (including a change in interpretation) in the legislative provisions relating to Spanish SOCIMIs or 
in tax legislation more generally, either in Spain or in any other country in which the Group may operate in the 
future, including, but not limited, to the imposition of new taxes or increases in tax rates in Spain or elsewhere, 
may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. 
As described in the section entitled “Information on the Group”, the Company opted in 2014 for the application 
of the Spanish SOCIMI Regime and is therefore generally subject to a 0% Corporate Income Tax rate, provided 
that certain requirements are met. Among other requirements, as further described in “Information on the 
Spanish SOCIMI Regime”, the Company must distribute at least 80% of its profits to its shareholders (100% of 
the profits obtained from its subsidiaries), meaning that the maximum amount that a Spanish SOCIMI can retain 
is 20% of its profits (the “Retained Earnings”).  
On 10 July 2021, Spain’s Anti-Tax Fraud Law (Law 11/2021 dated 9 July 2021) was published in the State 
Official Gazette. Accordingly, taxation over the Retained Earnings has been raised, such that they are now taxed 
at a 15% rate (as opposed to being subject to a 0% rate).  
Such increase in taxation could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects if the Company was to decide not to distribute 100% of its profits.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
The Company may cease to be qualified as a Spanish SOCIMI which would have adverse consequences for 
the Group  
As described in the section entitled “Information on the Group”, the Company elected in 2014 for the 
application of the Spanish SOCIMI Regime under the SOCIMI Act and, thus, is generally subject to a 0% 
Corporate Income Tax rate.  
The application of the SOCIMI Regime to the Company is conditional on compliance with certain requirements 
as set forth in “Information on the Spanish SOCIMI Regime” including, among others, the listing of the 
SOCIMI’s shares, investment in Qualifying Assets (see “Information on the Spanish SOCIMI Regime” for 
additional information on these requirements) under the SOCIMI Regime, the receipt of income from certain 
sources and mandatory distribution of certain profits. 
Failure to comply with such requirements will result in the loss of the special tax regime except where the 
regulations allow for such failure to be remedied within the immediately following financial year. However, the 
SOCIMI regulations do not allow remedy of failure to comply with the requirements related to listing of the 
shares or mandatory distributions of dividends. 
Further, the wording of the SOCIMI Act has led to a number of unresolved interpretation issues, some of which 
have been interpreted by the Spanish General Tax Directorate in different binding rulings, although there are 
no judgments from the Spanish courts on these subjects. Furthermore, there may be changes subsequently 
introduced to the requirements for maintaining Spanish SOCIMI status (including a change in interpretation). 
Prospective investors in the Notes should note that there can be no assurance that the Company will continue 
to maintain its SOCIMI status and any loss of the Company’s SOCIMI status may occur by reason of failure to 
satisfy the conditions for Spanish SOCIMI status or otherwise. 
For example, at 31 December 2018, the Company failed to comply with the 80%/20% income test with the 
remaining requirements being fulfilled (see “Information on the Spanish SOCIMI Regime––Restrictions on 
income” and “––Certain disposals of properties may have negative implications under the Spanish SOCIMI 
Regime” for additional information on this requirement). This failure came as a consequence of the 
extraordinary situation generated by the Company’s transfer of its stake in Testa Residencial SOCIMI, S.A., 
and the termination of the services agreement entered into by such entity and the Company.   
Such failure was remedied in 2019 with the remaining requirements continuing to be fulfilled and, accordingly, 
since such fiscal year the Company has complied with all the requirements set forth under the SOCIMI Act for 
the application of the SOCIMI Regime and continued to apply the SOCIMI Regime. 
If the Company were to lose its SOCIMI status, it would have to pay Spanish Corporate Income Tax on the 
profits deriving from its activities at the standard Corporate Income Tax rate (currently 25%), and would not be 
eligible to become a SOCIMI (and benefit from its special tax regime) for the following three fiscal years as 
from the end of the last tax period in which the Spanish SOCIMI Regime was applicable. 
The disapplication of the SOCIMI Regime to the Company would (i) have a negative impact in respect of both 
direct and indirect taxes, (ii) affect the liquidity and financial position of the Company to the extent it would be 
required to reassess the taxation of income obtained in previous tax years which should have been taxed in 
accordance with the general Spanish Corporate Income Tax regime and at the general Corporate Income Tax 
rate, and (iii) prevent the Company from opting again for the SOCIMI Regime for three years from the end of 
the last tax period in which the SOCIMI Regime was applicable.  
If the Company is unable to maintain its SOCIMI status, the resulting consequences could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, prospects or results of operations. 
Certain disposals of properties may have negative implications under the Spanish SOCIMI Regime

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
At least 80% of a SOCIMI’s net annual income must derive from the lease of Qualifying Assets (as described 
in “Information on the Spanish SOCIMI Regime” below), or from dividends distributed by Qualifying 
Subsidiaries. 
Capital gains derived from the sale of Qualifying Assets are, if transferred after the end of the three-year 
minimum holding period, excluded from the 80%/20% net income test. However, if a Qualifying Asset is sold 
before it is held for a minimum three year period, then (i) such capital gain would compute as non-Qualifying 
Income within the 20% thresholds that must not be exceeded for the maintenance of the SOCIMI Regime (and 
such gain would be taxed in accordance with the general Corporate Income Tax regime and at the standard 
Corporate Income Tax rate (currently, 25%)); and (ii) in relation to Qualifying Assets that are real estate assets, 
the entire income, including rental income, derived from such assets in all tax periods where the SOCIMI’s 
special tax regime would have been applicable would be taxed in accordance with the general Corporate Income 
Tax regime and subject to the standard Corporate Income Tax rate. 
Further, if the Company were to generate income which does not derive from the lease of Qualifying Assets or 
from dividends distributed by Qualifying Subsidiaries, the 80%/20% gross asset or net income tests may not be 
met. In such case, the Company would have to cure such infraction within the following fiscal year. If the gross 
asset or net income tests were not met within that fiscal year, the Company would lose its SOCIMI status, which 
may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. 
Moreover, any income derived from the sale of Qualifying Assets that are real estate assets held by the Company 
prior to the application of the Spanish SOCIMI Regime, would be deemed to have been generated on a lineal 
basis, unless proof to the contrary, during all the time the real estate asset has been held by the Company. The 
part of the income attributable to the tax years on which the Spanish SOCIMI Regime was not applicable to the 
Company, would be taxed in accordance with the tax rate and tax regime applicable for those tax years even if 
the three-year minimum holding period has been met. The foregoing also applies to the transfer of shares of 
other SOCIMIs or Qualifying Subsidiaries. 
Environmental, health and safety laws, regulations and standards may expose the Group to the risk of 
substantial unexpected costs and liabilities 
Environmental, health and safety laws, regulations and standards may expose the Group to the risk of substantial 
unexpected costs and liabilities. Applicable environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, as currently 
in effect and as amended from time to time, impose obligations and potential liabilities on the owners of 
properties (including liabilities that were incurred or that arose prior to the acquisition of such properties). Such 
obligations and liabilities may result in significant investigation, removal or remediation costs regardless of 
whether or not the Group originally caused the corresponding environmental, health and safety risk or damage. 
In addition, liabilities could adversely affect the Group’s ability to construct, manage, sell, lease or redevelop a 
property, or to borrow using a property as security. 
Applicable environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, may also constitute the basis for liabilities 
for third parties for personal or other types of damages (for example, in the case of environmental legislation, 
as a consequence of emitting or leaking contaminating products). In the event that due diligence does not 
uncover or underrates material defects or liabilities, including environmental liabilities, which are not covered 
by insurance proceeds, such defects or liabilities could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
financial condition, prospects and results of operations. 
Furthermore, applicable environmental, health and safety laws and regulations may also limit the use that may 
be given to the assets of the Group, and impose liability for, among other things, the types of activities that may 
be developed in them. The Group’s acquisitions may include, as part of its Business Strategy properties 
historically used for commercial, industrial and/or manufacturing uses. Such properties are more likely to

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
contain, or may have contained, storage tanks for the storage of hazardous or toxic substances. Leasing 
properties to tenants that engage in industrial, manufacturing and other commercial activities will cause the 
Group to be subject to increased risks or liabilities under environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. 
In the event the Group is exposed to environmental, health and safety liabilities or increased costs or limitations 
on its use or disposal of properties as a result of the applicable laws and regulations this may have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, prospects and results of operations. 
The Group is subject to certain laws and regulations relating to real estate assets 
The Group’s operations must comply with laws and governmental regulations (whether domestic or 
international (including in the EU)) which relate to, among other things, property ownership and use, land use, 
development, zoning, health and safety requirements and environmental compliance. Additionally, the 
applicable laws within Spain may vary from one autonomous region to another, and between different assets 
within the same autonomous region. These laws and regulations often provide broad discretion to the 
administering authorities. Additionally, all of these laws and regulations are subject to change, which may be 
retrospective, and changes in regulations could adversely affect existing planning consents, costs of property 
ownership, the capital value of the Group’s Assets and the rental income arising from the Group’s properties. 
Such changes may also adversely affect the Group’s ability to use a property as intended and could cause the 
Group to incur increased capital expenditure or running costs that may not be recoverable from tenants. The 
occurrence of any of these events may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Company may become subject to an additional tax charge if it pays a dividend to a Substantial 
Shareholder, which may result in a loss of profits for the Group  
The Company may become subject to a 19% Corporate Income Tax on the gross dividend distributed to any 
shareholder that holds a stake equal to or higher than 5% of the share capital of the Company when such 
shareholder either (i) is exempt from any tax on the dividends or subject to tax on the dividends received at a 
rate lower than 10% (for these purposes, final tax due under the Spanish Non Resident Income Tax Law is also 
taken into consideration) or (ii) does not timely provide the Company with the information evidencing its equal 
or higher than 10% taxation on dividends distributed by the Company in the terms set forth in the by-laws (a 
“Substantial Shareholder”). Specific rules apply regarding those dividend payments made to (i) any 
shareholder that qualifies as a Spanish SOCIMI, as this special 19% Corporate Income Tax would not apply in 
this case, and to (ii) non-Spanish resident real estate investment entities assimilated to a Spanish SOCIMI, 
which are subject to a specific scrutiny and evidence procedure regarding their own shareholders. 
Notwithstanding the above, the by-laws of the Company include indemnity obligations of the Substantial 
Shareholders in favour of the Company. In particular, the By-Laws require that in the event a dividend payment 
is made to a Substantial Shareholder, the Company will be entitled to deduct an amount equivalent to the tax 
expenses incurred by the Company on such dividend payment from the amount to be paid to such Substantial 
Shareholder (the Board of Directors will maintain certain discretion in deciding whether to exercise this right 
if making such deduction would put the Company in a worse position). However, these measures may not be 
effective. If these measures are ineffective, the payment of dividends to a Substantial Shareholder may generate 
an expense for the Company (since it may have to pay a 19% Corporate Income Tax on such dividend) and, 
thus, may result in a loss of profits for the Company. 
The DGT has issued three binding rulings (n.V3308-14, n.V0323-15 and n. V1540-16) indicating that the 10% 
test to be carried out in order to identify substantial shareholders shall be focused on the tax liability arising 
from the dividend income considered individually, taking into account (a) exemptions and tax credits affecting 
the dividends received by the shareholder and (b) those expenses incurred by the shareholder which are directly 
linked to the dividend income (e.g., fees paid in relation to the management of the shareholding in the relevant

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
SOCIMI distributing the dividends, or financial expenses (interest) deriving from the financing obtained to fund 
the acquisition of the shares of the relevant SOCIMI), without taking into consideration for this purpose other 
income of the shareholder (e.g., compensation of carried forward losses by the shareholder). In addition, the 
DGT has confirmed that the withholding tax levied on a dividend payment (including any non-resident income 
tax liability) should also be taken into consideration by the shareholder for assessing this 10% threshold. 
9. RISKS RELATING TO THE MANAGEMENT TEAM, THE GROUP’S EMPLOYEES, THE 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND THE COMPANY’S SHAREHOLDING STRUCTURE 
The Group is reliant on the performance and the expertise of the Management Team 
The ability of the Group to achieve its objectives is significantly dependent upon the expertise and operating 
skills of the Management Team. The departure for any reason of a member of the Management Team could 
have an adverse impact on the ability to implement the Business Strategy of the Group. Whilst the Company 
has endeavoured to ensure that the Management Team is suitably incentivised, the retention of the members of 
the Management Team cannot be guaranteed and any such member could become unavailable due to, for 
example, death or incapacity, as well as due to resignation. In the event of such departure or unavailability of 
any member of the Management Team, there can be no guarantee that the Company would be able to find and 
attract other individuals with similar levels of expertise and experience in the Spanish commercial property 
market or similar relationships with commercial real estate lenders, property funds and other market participants 
in Spain. The loss of any member of the Management Team could also result in lost business relationships and 
reputational damage and, in particular, if any member of the Management Team transfers to a competitor this 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s competitive position within the Spanish commercial real 
estate market. If alternative personnel are found, it may take time for the transition of those persons to the Group 
and the transition might be costly and ultimately might not be successful. In addition, the Group is dependent 
on the Management Team’s ability to identify, attract and retain suitably skilled and experienced staff for the 
Group’s operations. The departure of any member of the Management Team without timely and adequate 
replacement of such person(s) by the Company, or the inability of the Management Team to identify, attract and 
retain suitably skilled and experienced staff may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects.  
Even if the current Management Team is retained, no assurance can be given that the implementation of the 
Group’s Business Strategy by the Management Team will be successful under current or future market 
conditions. The approach employed by the Management Team may be modified and altered from time to time, 
so it is possible that the approach adopted by the Management Team to achieve the Group’s Business Strategy 
in the future may be different from that presently used and disclosed in this Base Prospectus.  
The Issuer’s major shareholder is able to exercise significant influence over the Group and its interests may 
conflict with those of the Group and other minority shareholders and may result in business decisions which 
are not in the Group’s best interest 
As at 31 December 2023 and according to the Shareholders Register (Libro de Registro de Accionistas), Banco 
Santander, S.A. (“Santander”) held approximately 24.6% of the Issuer’s share capital. Santander has appointed 
three non-executive directors to the Board of Directors. As such, it is able to exercise significant influence over 
the Group and its interests may differ from the Issuer’s interests or those of the Issuer’s other shareholders. 
Since the financial crisis, financial institutions such as Santander have sought to dispose of real estate assets 
(including real estate assets used as security in financing arrangements and mortgaged assets seized from 
debtors following defaults). In addition, Santander also holds stakes in other real estate companies. Although 
the Issuer does not consider Santander to compete directly with the Group in its market segments, there can be 
no assurance that the activities of Santander will not conflict with the interests of the Group. Any of the

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s revenues and operations and, accordingly, the 
Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations under the Notes. 
The members of the Management Team are expected to be entitled to substantial severance payments, in 
certain circumstances, upon termination of their employment with the Company 
The Management Team’s employment contracts contain provisions, which entitle the members of the 
Management Team to substantial severance payments, in certain circumstances, if any such employment is 
terminated. Such payments have a maximum limit of twice the annual fixed salary and bonus pool awarded to 
the relevant member of the Management Team (but, to clarify, any awards related to the long-term incentive 
plan are excluded from such severance payment calculations). Consequently, the termination of employment of 
any of the members of the Management Team may be costly to the Company, which in turn, may have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Company is reliant on the performance and retention of the members of the Board of Directors 
The Company relies on the expertise and experience of the Directors to supervise the management of the 
Group’s affairs. Certain reserved matters require the consent of the Board of Directors, including, among other 
things, approval of the Group’s long-term Business Strategy, annual business plan and five-year strategic plan 
and property acquisitions, disposals developments, refurbishments and other transactions in each case in excess 
of €100 million. The performance of the Directors and their retention as members of the Board of Directors are, 
therefore, significant factors in the Group’s ability to achieve its Business Strategy. The Directors’ involvement 
with the Group is on a part-time basis rather than a full-time basis, and if there is any material disruption to the 
Management Team’s performance of its services, the Directors may not have sufficient time or experience to 
manage the Group’s business until new members of the Management Team are appointed. In addition, there can 
be no assurance as to the continued service of such individuals as Directors of the Company. The departure of 
any of these individuals from the Company without timely and adequate replacement may have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
10. RISKS RELATING TO THE STRUCTURE OF A PARTICULAR ISSUE OF NOTES 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of certain such features: 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
In the case of any particular Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms of which specify that the Notes are 
redeemable at the Issuer’s option (for example pursuant to Condition 7(d) (Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer), Condition 7(g) (Residual Maturity Call Option), Condition 7(h) (Redemption following a Substantial 
Purchase Event) or Condition 7(i) (Redemption following an Acquisition Event)), in certain circumstances the 
Issuer may choose to redeem the Notes at times when prevailing interest rates may be relatively low.   
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the Issuer 
may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes is unlikely to rise substantially above the price at 
which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. Any redemption will be at 
a price equal to or greater than 100 per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes or, in respect of redemption pursuant to Condition 7(h) (Redemption following a Substantial Purchase 
Event) or Condition 7(i) (Redemption following an Acquisition Event), upon the occurrence of certain events. 
At those times, an investor would not ordinarily be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective 
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time.  
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The Issuer’s ability to convert the interest rate will affect the 
secondary market and the market value of such Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when 
it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than the then prevailing spreads on 
comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time 
may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed 
rate may be lower than the then prevailing rates on its Notes. 
The regulation and reform of benchmarks may adversely affect the value of Notes referencing such 
benchmarks 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices 
which are deemed to be “benchmarks” are the subject of ongoing national and international regulatory reform. 
Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause 
such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which 
cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing such 
a benchmark. 
The EU BMR and Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA the 
(“UK BMR”) could have a material impact on any Notes referencing a benchmark, in particular, if the 
methodology or other terms of the relevant benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements 
of the EU BMR or the UK BMR. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, 
increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant benchmark. In 
addition, following the implementation of any such potential reforms, benchmarks could be eliminated entirely, 
or there could be other consequences which cannot be predicted. Other Interbank offered rates (each an 
“IBOR”) suffer from weaknesses and although work continues on reforming their respective methodologies to 
make them more grounded in actual transactions, they may be discontinued or be subject to changes in their 
administration. 
This may have the effect, amongst other things, of: (i) discouraging market participants from continuing to 
administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the 
benchmark or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other 
consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could 
have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes referencing a benchmark.  
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU BMR and/or the UK BMR reforms in making any investment decision with respect to 
any Notes referencing a benchmark.  
In particular, investors should be aware that in relation to Floating Rate Notes where Screen Rate Determination 
is specified, the Notes contain the fallback provisions described under Condition 6(b) (Interest on Floating Rate 
Notes) of the Notes (see “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”). 
The operation of these fallback arrangements could result in a different return for Noteholders and 
Couponholders (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they might receive under other 
similar securities which contain different or no fallback arrangements (including which they may otherwise

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
receive in the event that legislative measures or other initiatives (if any) are introduced to transition from any 
given IBOR to an alternative rate). 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in respect of Floating 
Rate Notes is to be determined, the Conditions provide that the Rate of Interest shall be determined by reference 
to the Relevant Screen Page (or its successor or replacement). Where the Relevant Screen Page is not available, 
and no successor or replacement for the Relevant Screen Page is available, the Conditions provide for the Rate 
of Interest to be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to quotations from banks communicated to 
the Calculation Agent. 
When there is a Benchmark Event, the fallback arrangements specified under Condition 6(c) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation) of the Notes apply (see “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”). Benchmark Events include 
(amongst other events) permanent discontinuation of an Original Reference Rate. If a Benchmark Event occurs, 
the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser. The Independent Adviser shall 
endeavour to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to be used in place of the Original Reference Rate. 
The use of any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to determine the Rate of Interest is likely to result in 
Notes initially linked to or referencing the Original Reference Rate performing differently (which may include 
payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to 
apply in its current form. 
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the Original Reference Rate is determined by the 
Independent Adviser, the Conditions provide that the Issuer may vary the Conditions, as necessary to ensure 
the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, without any requirement for consent or 
approval of the Noteholders. 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined by the Independent Adviser, the Conditions also provide 
that an Adjustment Spread will be determined by the Independent Adviser and applied to such Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate. 
The Adjustment Spread is (i) the spread, formula or methodology which is formally recommended in relation 
to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body 
(which may include a relevant central bank, supervisory authority or group of central banks/supervisory 
authorities), (ii) if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate, the spread, 
formula or methodology which the Independent Adviser determines is customarily applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to 
produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate, or (iii) if the Independent 
Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily applied, the spread, formula or methodology which the 
Independent Adviser determines and which is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for 
over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, as the case may be. 
Accordingly, the application of an Adjustment Spread may result in the Notes performing differently (which 
may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the Original Reference Rate were to 
continue to apply in its current form. 
The Issuer may be unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser may not be able to 
determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Notes. 
Where the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner, or the Independent Adviser 
is unable, to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate before the next Interest Determination Date, the 
Rate of Interest for the next succeeding Interest Accrual Period will be the Rate of Interest applicable as at the 
last preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, or, where the

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
Benchmark Event occurs before the first Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest will be the initial Rate 
of Interest.  
Where the Issuer has been unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or, the Independent Adviser has failed, to 
determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in respect of any given Interest Accrual Period, the Issuer will 
continue to attempt to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner before the next succeeding Interest 
Determination Date and/or the Independent Adviser will continue to attempt to determine a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate to apply to the next succeeding and any subsequent Interest Accrual Periods, as necessary.  
Applying the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event is likely to result in Notes linked to or 
referencing the relevant benchmark performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of 
Interest) than they would do if the relevant benchmark were to continue to apply, or if a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate could be determined. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared 
to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as to finance Eligible Projects, there can 
be no assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor 
An amount equivalent to the net proceeds from the issue of any Notes will be used for general corporate 
purposes or the Issuer may choose to apply the proceeds from the issue of any Notes specifically to finance 
and/or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Projects (as defined in “The Group’s Green Financing 
Framework” below). 
Any failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Notes to finance and/or refinance Eligible Projects may have 
a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and also potentially the value of any other Notes which are 
intended by the Issuer to finance and/or refinance Eligible Projects or result in adverse consequences for certain 
investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. In addition, although 
the Issuer may agree at the time of issue of any such Notes to certain obligations in respect of the use of proceeds 
of such Notes (including specifying the Eligible Projects being financed and/or refinanced), it would not be an 
event of default under the Notes if the Issuer were to fail to comply with such obligations. Prospective investors 
must determine for themselves whether Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds meet their requisite 
investment criteria and conduct any other investigations they deem necessary to reach their own conclusions as 
to the merits of investing in any such Notes. 
Risks related to the Spanish Withholding Tax  
The Issuer considers that, according to article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, of 27 July (“Royal Decree 
1065/2007”), it is not obliged to withhold taxes in Spain on any interest paid under the Notes to any Noteholder, 
irrespective of whether such Noteholder is tax resident in Spain. The foregoing is subject to certain information 
procedures (which do not require identification of the Noteholders) having been fulfilled. These procedures are 
described in “Information on the Spanish SOCIMI Regime––Disclosure of Information in Connection with the 
Notes” below. 
The Issuer and the Paying Agent will, to the extent applicable, comply with the relevant procedures to facilitate 
the collection of information concerning the Notes. The procedures may be modified, amended or supplemented 
to, among other reasons, reflect a change in applicable Spanish law, regulation, ruling or interpretation thereof.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
Under Royal Decree 1065/2007, it is no longer necessary to provide an issuer with information regarding the 
identity and the tax residence of an investor or the amount of interest paid to it, provided that the securities: (i) 
are regarded as listed debt securities issued under Spanish Act 10/2014, of 26 June and (ii) are initially registered 
at a foreign clearing and settlement entity that is recognised under Spanish regulations or under those of another 
OECD member state. The Issuer considers that the Notes meet the requirements referred to in (i) and (ii) above 
and that, consequently, payments made by the Issuer to Noteholders should be paid free of Spanish Withholding 
Tax. 
Notwithstanding the above, in the case of Notes held by Spanish tax resident individuals (and under certain 
circumstances, by Spanish entities subject to Spanish Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre Sociedades)) and 
deposited with a Spanish resident entity acting as depositary or custodian, payments in respect of such Notes 
may be subject to withholding by such depositary or custodian at the rate of 19 per cent. 
If the Spanish Tax Authorities maintain a different opinion as to the application by the Issuer of withholding to 
payments made to Spanish tax residents (individuals and entities subject to Spanish Corporate Income Tax), the 
Issuer will, with immediate effect, make the appropriate withholding. If this is the case, identification of 
Noteholders may be required and the procedures, if any, for the collection of relevant information will be applied 
by the Issuer (to the extent required) so that it can comply with its obligations under the applicable legislation 
as interpreted by the Spanish Tax Authorities. If procedures for the collection of the Noteholders information 
are to apply, the Noteholders will be informed of such new procedures and their implications. Noteholders must 
seek their own advice to ensure that they comply with all procedures to ensure the correct tax treatment of their 
Notes. None of the Issuer, the Dealers, or the Paying Agent assumes any responsibility therefor. 
11. RISKS RELATING TO NOTES 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes: 
Notes issued as Green Bonds with a specific use of proceeds may not meet investor expectations or 
requirements   
The Final Terms relating to a specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it is the Issuer’s intention to apply the 
proceeds of those Notes specifically to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Projects. A 
prospective investor should have regard to the information set out in this Base Prospectus, the Framework (as 
defined in “The Group’s Green Financing Framework” below) and the relevant Final Terms and determine for 
itself the relevance of such information for the purpose of an investment in such Notes together with any other 
investigation it deems necessary.  
No assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that such use of proceeds the subject of, or 
related to, any Eligible Projects will meet any or all investor expectations or any other requirements regarding 
such “green”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives or that any adverse 
environmental impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or activities the subject of, or 
related to, any Eligible Projects, which contravene whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations (including, 
amongst others, Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable 
investment (the “EU Taxonomy Regulation”) and any related delegated acts and Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 
on European Green Bonds and optional disclosures for bonds marketed as environmentally sustainable and for 
sustainability-linked bonds (the “European Green Bond Regulation”) or any further regulations or standards 
that may be approved or created or by its own by-laws or governing rules or investment portfolio mandates.  
In addition, the European Green Bond Regulation entered into force on 20 December 2023 and will apply from 
21 December 2024. This regulation includes a set of requirements that securities shall comply with in order to 
be labelled as “European Green Bonds” or “EUGB”, in particular the full allocation (before the maturity of any

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
European Green Bond) of the net proceeds of such bonds to economic activities aligned with the EU Taxonomy 
Regulation in accordance with the categories set forth in Article 4 of the European Green Bond Regulation. 
Additionally, the European Green Bond Regulation establishes specific transparency requirements, with which 
issuers shall comply with prior and post an issuance of bonds labelled as “European Green Bonds” or “EUGB”. 
However, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Green Bond Regulation does not yet apply and, 
as such, Notes issued under this Programme as Green Bonds do not constitute “European Green Bonds” or 
“EUGB”. In addition, the European Commission is tasked with developing further guidelines in relation to the 
European Green Bond Regulation. Therefore, the requirements of any such label may evolve from time to time. 
It is not clear if the establishment of the “EUGB” label could have an impact on investor demand for, and 
pricing of, green bonds that do not comply with the requirements of the European Green Bond Regulation, such 
as the Green Bonds issued under this Programme. This could result in reduced liquidity or lower demand or 
could otherwise affect the market price of any Green Bonds issued under this Programme that do not comply 
with the EU Green Bond Regulation.  
There can be no assurance by the Issuer that the use of proceeds of Notes identified in the relevant Final Terms 
will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any future legislative or regulatory requirements, or any present or 
future investor expectations or requirements with respect to investment criteria or guidelines with which any 
investor or its investments are required to comply under its own governing rules or investment portfolio 
mandates. Each prospective investor should have regard to the factors described in this Base Prospectus and the 
relevant Final Terms and seek advice from their independent financial adviser or other professional adviser 
regarding the use of proceeds of any Note issue and its purchase of the Notes before deciding to invest. 
No representation or assurance is given as to the suitability or reliability of any opinion or certification of any 
third party made available in connection with an issue of Notes issued as Green Bonds. For the avoidance of 
doubt, any such opinion or certification is not incorporated in this Base Prospectus. Any such opinion or 
certification is not a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or 
hold any such Notes and is current only as of the date it was issued. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or 
oversight. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or 
certification and/or the information contained therein.  
In the event that any Notes are listed or admitted to trading on a dedicated “green” or other equivalently-labelled 
segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the 
Arranger, the Dealers or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies any present or future investment 
criteria or guidelines with which such investor is required, or intends, to comply. Furthermore, it should be 
noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or 
securities market to another. No representation or assurance is given or made by the Issuer, the Arranger, the 
Dealers or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such 
Notes or that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Notes issued as Green Bonds towards Eligible 
Projects, there is no contractual obligation to do so. There can be no assurance that any such Eligible Projects 
will be available or capable of being implemented in the manner anticipated and, accordingly, that the Issuer 
will be able to use the proceeds for such Eligible Projects as intended. In addition, there can be no assurance 
that Eligible Projects will be completed as expected or achieve the impacts or outcomes (environmental or 
otherwise) originally expected or anticipated. In addition, while, under the Framework, the Issuer commits on 
a best efforts basis to reach full allocation of the net proceeds of Green Bonds to Eligible Projects within 24 
months of the relevant Issue Date, there can be no assurance that such net proceeds will be so allocated in the 
event the Green Bond is redeemed early in accordance with the terms and conditions of such Green Bond. Any 
failure by the Issuer to allocate the proceeds of any Notes issued as Green Bonds or to report on the use of

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
proceeds or Eligible Projects as anticipated or any failure of a third party to issue (or to withdraw) an opinion 
or certification in connection with an issue of Green Bonds or the failure of the Notes issued as Green Bonds 
to meet investors’ expectations requirements regarding any “green” or similar labels will not constitute an event 
of default or breach of contract with respect to any of the Notes issued as Green Bonds. There is no direct 
contractual link between any Green Bonds and any green or sustainability targets of the Issuer. Therefore, 
payments of interest, principal or other amounts, as applicable, payable in respect of any Notes, any early 
redemption of the Notes or rights to accelerate under the Notes will not depend on sustainability performance. 
A failure of the Notes issued as Green Bonds to meet investor expectations or requirements as to their “green”, 
“sustainable” or equivalent characteristics, including the failure to apply proceeds for Eligible Projects, the 
failure to provide, or the withdrawal of, a third party opinion or certification, the Notes ceasing to be listed or 
admitted to trading on any dedicated stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid or the failure by the Issuer 
to report on the use of proceeds or Eligible Projects as anticipated, may have a material adverse effect on the 
value of such Notes and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in 
green assets (which consequences may include the need to sell the Notes as a result of the Notes not falling 
within the investor’s investment criteria or mandate). 
Financial covenants 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes, as well as certain of the Group’s debt facilities, contain financial 
covenants requiring the Group to maintain certain financial ratios, including LTV ratios and interest coverage 
ratios (see “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Covenants”) and restricting asset disposals by the Group. 
Failure to comply with said covenants, including as a result of the occurrence of extraordinary or unforeseen 
events, could result in an event of default under the Notes issued under the Programme and said debt facilities 
and that they become subject to early termination, which may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer and 
its Group. 
Modification, waivers and substitution 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider 
matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders 
including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a 
manner contrary to the majority. 
Change of law 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes, save for Condition 3 (Status of Notes), are based on English law in 
effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial 
decision or change to English law or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Condition 3 (Status of Notes), is based on Spanish law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No 
assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to Spanish law or 
administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Notes where denominations involve integral multiples 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination 
(as set out in the Conditions) plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible 
that the Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified 
Denominations. In such a case a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a nominal amount 
of less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the 
relevant time will not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) 
and would need to purchase a nominal amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal to one or more 
Specified Denominations.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
If definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a denomination that is 
not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
Risks related to the Spanish Insolvency Act  
The consolidated text of the Spanish Insolvency Law, approved by Legislative Royal Decree 1/2020, of 5 May 
(Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2020, de 5 de mayo, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley Concursal) 
(as amended from time to time, including, without limitation, by virtue of Law 16/2022, of 5 September, the 
“Spanish Insolvency Act”) regulates pre-insolvency and court insolvency proceedings (concurso de 
acreedores), which may lead either to the restructuring of the debts of the Issuer or to the liquidation of its 
assets.  
As a general rule, insolvency proceedings are not compatible with other enforcement proceedings. When 
compatible, in order to protect the interests of the debtors and creditors, the law extends the jurisdiction of the 
court dealing with insolvency proceedings, which is then legally authorised to handle any enforcement 
proceedings or interim measures affecting the debtor’s assets (whether based upon civil, labour or 
administrative law). 
The order opening the court insolvency proceedings contains an express request for the creditors to declare 
debts owed to them, providing original documentation to justify such credits. Based on the documentation 
provided by the creditors and that held by the debtor, the insolvency receiver draws up a list of acknowledged 
creditors, either actual or contingent, and classifies the claims according to the categories established under the 
Spanish Insolvency Act, which are: (i) post-insolvency claims (créditos contra la masa), (ii) secured claims 
(créditos con privilegio especial), (iii) preferential claims (créditos con privilegio general), (iv) ordinary claims 
(créditos ordinarios) and (v) subordinated claims (créditos subordinados).  
The ranking of claims owed by a debtor that is the subject of Spanish insolvency proceedings is set out in the 
Spanish Insolvency Act. The insolvency court would not recognise any contractual ranking of claims, save in 
respect of claims that are, by contract, (a) subordinated to all claims owed by the debtor; or (b) subordinated 
but provided that such contractual subordination does not prejudice any third parties and the debtor is part of 
the relevant subordination arrangement. Upon the insolvency of an entity under the Spanish Insolvency Act, 
ordinary creditors rank ahead of subordinated creditors but behind preferential creditors and creditors with post-
insolvency claims and secured creditors are given preferential rights in respect of the underlying secured assets. 
It is intended that claims against the Issuer under the Notes will be classified as ordinary claims. However, 
certain actions or circumstances which are beyond the control of the Issuer may result in these claims being 
classified as subordinated claims. For example, pursuant to article 281.1.5º of the Spanish Insolvency Act, the 
claims of those persons closely related to the Issuer will be classified as subordinated claims. The following 
persons (amongst others) may be considered closely related to the Issuer: 
(a) 
shareholders holding 5 per cent. or more of the Issuer’s share capital at the time the claim arises; 
(b) 
actual or shadow directors (including those who acted as such in the two years leading up to the Issuer’s 
declaration of insolvency); 
(c) 
members of the same group of companies as the Issuer; and  
(d) 
common shareholders of the Issuer and other member of the same group of companies as the Issuer if 
they hold 10 per cent. or more of the share capital in such other member of the same group at the time 
the claim arises (5 per cent. or more if such other member of the same group has securities listed in an 
official secondary market).

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
Furthermore, any person who acquires claims which were held by one of the above persons is also presumed to 
be closely related to the Issuer if the acquisition takes place in the two years leading up to the Issuer’s declaration 
of insolvency. This presumption is rebuttable. 
The claims of Noteholders under the Notes may, therefore, be subordinated to the extent the Noteholders are 
considered closely related to the Issuer as a result of the application of the provisions of the Spanish Insolvency 
Act. Noteholders should be aware of this subordination risk and take those precautions they consider appropriate 
to ensure that their claims are not subordinated. 
The Spanish Insolvency Act also provides, among other things, that (i) any claim may in some circumstances 
become subordinated if it is not reported to the insolvency administrators (administradores concursales) within 
one month from the last official publication of the court order declaring the insolvency in the Spanish Official 
Gazette (Boletín Oficial del Estado), (ii) actions deemed detrimental for the insolvency estate of the insolvent 
debtor carried out during the two-year period preceding: (a) the date of the filing for insolvency and from that 
date to the date of declaration of insolvency; and (b) the communication of the existence of negotiations with 
creditors or the intention to enter into such negotiations with a view to reaching a restructuring plan and, if 
applicable, from that date to the date of declaration of insolvency may be set aside, (iii) provisions in a contract 
granting one party the right to terminate by reason only of the other’s insolvency and/or pre-insolvency may 
not be enforceable, (iv) accrual of interest (other than interest accruing under secured liabilities up to an amount 
equal to the value of the security) shall be suspended as from the date of the declaration of insolvency and any 
amount of interest accrued up to such date and unpaid (other than any interest accruing under secured liabilities 
up to an amount equal to the value of the security) shall become subordinated and (v) set-off is not permitted 
once a declaration of insolvency has been made, although certain financial netting agreements (for example, 
ISDA or CMOF) and any agreements subject to foreign law (if the relevant law permits off-setting in the event 
of insolvency), are exempt from such prohibition. 
The Spanish Insolvency Act, in certain instances, also has the effect of modifying or impairing creditors’ rights 
even if the creditor, either secured or unsecured, does not consent to the amendment. Secured and unsecured 
dissenting creditors may, among others, be written down or stayed (for up to ten years in case of composition 
proposals), converted into a different financial instrument or equity of the refinanced or insolvent debtor as well 
as any other company, converted into participating loans (préstamos participativos), exchanged for assets or 
rights of the insolvent or refinanced debtor not only once the insolvency has been declared by the judge as a 
result of the approval of a creditors’ agreement (convenio concursal), but also as a result of a restructuring plan 
that has been judicially sanctioned (homologado) without insolvency proceedings having been previously 
opened (e.g. restructuring plans which satisfy certain requirements and are validated by the judge), in both 
scenarios (i) to the extent that certain qualified majorities are reached and (ii) unless some exceptions in relation 
to the kind of claims or creditor apply (which would not be the case for the Notes). Any payments of interest in 
respect of debt securities will be subject to the subordination provisions of Article 281.1 of the Spanish 
Insolvency Act. 
The majorities regime envisaged for a creditors’ arrangement depends on (i) the type of the specific measure 
which is intended to be imposed (e.g. extensions, debt reductions, debt for equity swaps, etc.), and (ii) on the 
part of claims to be affected (i.e. secured or unsecured, depending on the value of the collateral as calculated 
pursuant to the rules established in the Spanish Insolvency Act). In no case shall subordinated creditors be 
entitled to vote upon a creditors' agreement during the insolvency proceedings, and accordingly, shall be always 
subject to the measures contained therein, if passed by the relevant majorities. For these purposes, liabilities 
held by those creditors considered specially related persons (personas especialmente relacionadas) with the 
insolvent debtor would not be taken into account for the purposes of calculating the majorities required for the 
approval of a composition agreement.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
On the other hand, all creditors that could be affected by a restructuring plan would be entitled to participate in 
the voting thereof, grouped in classes of creditors and subject to the fact cross-class cram-down is now available 
under the Spanish Insolvency Act. 
As such, certain provisions of the Spanish Insolvency Act could affect the ranking of the Notes or claims relating 
to the Notes on an insolvency of the Issuer or in case of approval of a restructuring plan. 
12. RISKS RELATING TO THE MARKET 
Set out below is a brief description of certain market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest 
rate risk and credit risk: 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to an issue of Notes. The ratings may 
not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and 
other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the “EU CRA Regulation” from using credit ratings 
for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the European 
Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or 
suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration 
application is pending. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU 
credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered credit rating agency 
or the relevant non-EU rating agency is certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (and such 
endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). Certain 
information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings will be disclosed in the Final Terms. 
In general, UK regulated investors are restricted under the UK CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to 
transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration application is pending. Such 
general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-UK credit rating agencies, unless 
the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by a UK-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-UK rating 
agency is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, 
as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). Certain information with respect to the credit rating 
agencies and ratings will be disclosed in the Final Terms. 
The secondary market  
Notes may have no established trading market when issued and one may never develop. Even if a market does 
develop, it may not be liquid. In addition, the ability of the Dealers to make a market in the Notes may be 
impacted by changes in regulatory requirements applicable to the marketing, holding and trading of, and issuing 
quotations in respect of, the Notes. If a Tranche of Notes is issued to a single investor or a limited number of 
investors, this may result in an even more illiquid or volatile market in such Notes. Therefore, investors may 
not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially 
sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies 
or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of 
Notes would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. 
Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls for Investors 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency (as defined in the Conditions). 
This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated 
principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These 
include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the 
Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over 
the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s 
Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency equivalent yield on the 
Notes, (2) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s 
Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than 
expected, or no interest or principal. 
Interest rate risks for Fixed Rate Notes 
Investment in Notes that bear interest at a fixed rate involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest 
rates may adversely affect the value of such Notes.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer as of and for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, respectively, 
together in each case with the audit report thereon, which have been previously published or are published 
simultaneously with this Base Prospectus and which have been approved by the CSSF or filed with it. Such 
documents shall be incorporated by reference in and form part of this Base Prospectus, save that any statement 
contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or superseded for the 
purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such 
earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded 
shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus.  
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus may be obtained (without charge) from 
the website of the Issuer at https://ir.merlinproperties.com/en/.The table below sets out the relevant page 
references for the audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the years ended 31 December 2023 
and 31 December 2022, respectively. Information contained in the documents incorporated by reference other 
than information listed in the table below is for information purposes only, and does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
1. Audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the year ended 31 December 2023, 
available [here] 
Merlin Properties, SOCIMI, S.A. and subsidiaries audited consolidated financial statements as of and 
for the year ended 31 December 2023  
Independent Auditor’s Report ....................................................................................................  
Pages 2-11 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position ............................................................................  
Page 12 
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss ...................................................................................  
Page 13 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity ............................................................................  
Pages 14-15 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows ......................................................................................  
Page 16-17 
Notes1 .........................................................................................................................................  
Pages 18-100 
and 106-112 
Consolidated Management Report2 ............................................................................................  
Pages 113-150 
and 163-352 
1. Note 23 to the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the year ended 31 December 
2023 is expressly excluded from the documents incorporated by reference. 
2. Section 3.2 of Consolidated Management Report as of and for the year ended 31 December 2023 is 
expressly excluded from the documents incorporated by reference. 
 
 
Note: the page numbers in the above table refer to the page numbers of the corresponding pdf or html file.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
2. Audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022, 
available [here] 
Merlin Properties, SOCIMI, S.A. and subsidiaries audited consolidated financial statements as of and 
for the year ended 31 December 2022  
Independent Auditor’s Report ....................................................................................................  
Pages 2-10 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position ............................................................................  
Page 12 
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss ...................................................................................  
Page 13 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity ............................................................................  
Pages 14-15 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows ......................................................................................  
Page 16-17 
Notes1 .........................................................................................................................................  
Pages 18-102 
and 108-114 
Consolidated Management Report2 ............................................................................................  
Pages 115-154 
and 164-332 
1. Note 23 to the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the year ended 31 December 
2022 is expressly excluded from the documents incorporated by reference. 
2. Section 3.2 of Consolidated Management Report as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022 is 
expressly excluded from the documents incorporated by reference. 
 
 
Note: the page numbers in the above table refer to the page numbers of the corresponding pdf or html file. 
 
3. The Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out on pages 41 to 69 (inclusive) of the base prospectus of the 
Issuer dated 6 April 2016 prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme, available [here]  
4. The Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out on pages 41 to 70 (inclusive) of the base prospectus of the 
Issuer dated 12 May 2017 prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme, available [here]  
5. The Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out on pages 45 to 77 (inclusive) of the base prospectus of the 
Issuer dated 23 May 2019 prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme, available [here]  
6. The Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out on pages 41 to 74 (inclusive) of the base prospectus of the 
Issuer dated 22 May 2020 prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme, available at: [here]  
7. The Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out on pages 44 to 77 (inclusive) of the base prospectus of the 
Issuer dated 25 March 2021 prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme, available at: [here] The 
information incorporated by reference that is not included in the cross-reference list, does not form part of this 
Base Prospectus and is either not relevant or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Pursuant to Spanish regulatory requirements, the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of 
and for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023 are required to be accompanied by the 
respective “Consolidated Management Report”. These “Consolidated Management Reports” are incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus only in order to comply with such regulatory requirements. Investors are 
strongly cautioned that the information contained in the “Consolidated Management Reports” has been neither 
audited nor prepared for the specific purpose of the Programme. Accordingly, the “Consolidated Management 
Reports” should be read together with the other sections of this Base Prospectus, and in particular the section 
“Risk Factors”. Any information contained in the “Consolidated Management Reports” shall be deemed to be 
modified or superseded by any information elsewhere in the Base Prospectus that is subsequent to or 
inconsistent with it. Furthermore, the “Consolidated Management Reports” include certain forward-looking 
statements that are subject to inherent uncertainty (see “Important Notices—Forward-Looking Statements”).

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
Accordingly, investors are cautioned not to rely upon the information contained in such “Consolidated 
Management Reports”. 
BASE PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this 
Base Prospectus which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed on the Official List and admitted 
to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market, shall constitute a prospectus supplement as 
required by Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained 
in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable, be deemed to modify or 
supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, 
constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. Any such supplement that may be required pursuant to Article 23 of 
the Prospectus Regulation will need to be approved by the CSSF, as competent authority under the Prospectus 
Regulation.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, save for the text in italics and subject to completion 
in accordance with the provisions of Part A of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes in 
definitive form (if any) issued in exchange for the Global Note(s) representing each Series. Either (i) the full 
text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant provisions of Part A of the Final Terms or (ii) these 
terms and conditions as so completed (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable 
provisions), shall be endorsed on such Notes. The Notes are issued pursuant to an amended and restated Agency 
Agreement (as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date, the “Agency Agreement”) dated 10 May 2024 
between the Issuer, Société Générale Luxembourg as fiscal agent and the other agents named in it and with the 
benefit of a Deed of Covenant (as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date, the “Deed of Covenant”) 
dated 10 May 2024 executed by the Issuer in relation to the Notes. The fiscal agent, the paying agents and the 
calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the “Fiscal Agent”, the 
“Paying Agents” (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent) and the “Calculation Agent(s)”. The 
Noteholders (as defined below), the holders of the interest coupons (the “Coupons”) relating to interest bearing 
Notes in bearer form and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, talons for further Coupons (the “Talons”) 
(the “Couponholders”) are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable 
to them. If so required by Spanish law, the Issuer will execute a public deed (escritura pública) (the “Public 
Deed”) before a Spanish public notary in relation to the Notes and will register the Public Deed with the 
Commercial Registry of Madrid. The Public Deed will contain, among other information, the terms and 
conditions of the Notes.  
As used in these terms and conditions (the “Conditions”), “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all 
respects. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in Part A of 
the relevant Final Terms. Those definitions will be endorsed on the definitive Notes. References in the 
Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the 
Programme. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection at the specified offices 
of each of the Paying Agents. 
1. Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are issued in bearer form in each case in the Specified Denomination(s) shown in the relevant Final 
Terms, provided that in the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within 
the European Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum 
Specified Denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of 
those Notes).  
This Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a combination of any of the 
foregoing, depending upon the Interest and Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the relevant Final Terms. 
Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) attached, save in 
the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest (other than in relation to interest due after 
the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable. 
Title to the Notes and to the Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Except as ordered by a court of 
competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined below) of any Note, Coupon or Talon shall 
be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person 
shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
In these Conditions, “Noteholder” means the bearer of any Note, “holder” (in relation to a Note, Coupon or 
Talon) means the bearer of any Note, Coupon or Talon and capitalised terms have the meanings given to them 
hereon, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes. 
2. No Exchange of Notes 
Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
3. Status of Notes 
The Notes and Coupons constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to Condition 4) 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and, in the event of insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer, will (unless they 
qualify as subordinated debts under Article 281 of the consolidated text of the Spanish Insolvency Law, 
approved by Royal Decree 1/2020, of 5 May (as amended from time to time, including, without limitation, by 
virtue of Law 16/2022, of 5 September, the “Spanish Insolvency Act”) or equivalent legal provision which 
replaces it in the future, and subject to any legal and statutory exceptions) rank pari passu without any 
preference among themselves and with all other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and 
monetary obligations of the Issuer, present and future. 
In the event of insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer, under the Spanish Insolvency Act claims relating to the Notes 
(which are not subordinated pursuant to article 281 of the Spanish Insolvency Act) will be ordinary credits 
(créditos ordinarios) as defined in the Spanish Insolvency Act. Ordinary credits rank below credits against the 
insolvency state (créditos contra la masa) and credits with a general or special privilege (créditos con privilegio 
general o especial). Ordinary credits rank above subordinated credits and the rights of shareholders. Interest 
on the Notes accrued but unpaid as at the commencement of any insolvency proceeding (concurso) relating to 
the Issuer under Spanish law shall thereupon constitute subordinated obligations of the Issuer ranking below 
its unsecured and unsubordinated obligations. Under Spanish law, accrual of interest on the Notes shall be 
suspended as from the date of any declaration of insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer. 
4. Negative Pledge 
So long as any Note or Coupon remains outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement) the Issuer will not, 
and will ensure that none of its Subsidiaries will create, or have outstanding any mortgage, charge, lien, pledge 
or other security interest (each, a “Security Interest”), other than a Permitted Security Interest, upon the whole 
or any part of its present or future undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) to secure any 
Relevant Indebtedness or to secure any guarantee or indemnity in respect of any Relevant Indebtedness without 
at the same time or prior thereto securing the Notes and the Coupons equally and rateably therewith or according 
the Notes and the Coupons such other Security Interest as shall be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as 
defined in the Agency Agreement) of the Noteholders.  
In these Conditions: 
“Permitted Security Interest” means any Security Interest created in respect of any Relevant Indebtedness of 
an entity which, in each case after 10 May 2024, merges with the Issuer or one of its Subsidiaries or which is 
acquired by the Issuer or one of its Subsidiaries, provided that such security was already in existence at the time 
of the merger or the acquisition, was not created for the purpose of financing the merger or the acquisition and 
is not increased in amount or otherwise extended following the merger or the acquisition;  
“Relevant Indebtedness” means any present or future indebtedness which is in the form of, or represented or 
evidenced by, bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or other securities which for the time being are, or are

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
intended to be (with the consent of the issuer thereof), quoted, listed or dealt in or traded on any stock exchange 
or over-the-counter or other securities market; and 
“Subsidiary” means in relation to any company, corporation or other legal entity, (a “holding company”), a 
company, corporation or other legal entity: 
(a) 
which is controlled, directly or indirectly, by the holding company;  
(b) 
more than half the issued share capital of which is beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by the 
holding company; or 
(c) 
which is a subsidiary of another Subsidiary of the holding company, 
and, for this purpose, a company or corporation shall be treated as being controlled by another if that other 
company or corporation is able to determine the composition of the majority of its board of directors or 
equivalent body. 
5. Covenants 
For so long as any Note or Coupon remains outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement), the Issuer 
undertakes that: 
(a) 
Financial Condition: 
(i) 
Loan to Value Ratio: the Loan to Value Ratio will not at any time exceed 60 per cent.; 
(ii) 
Interest Cover: the Interest Cover for each Relevant Period will not be less than 2.5; and 
(iii) 
Unencumbered Ratio: the Unencumbered Ratio will not at any time be less than 125 per 
cent. 
The financial covenant calculations set out in paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iii) of this Condition 5(a), 
in each case, shall be calculated and interpreted on a consolidated basis in accordance with IFRS-
EU and shall be expressed in euro; 
(b) 
Reports: the Issuer will post on its website: 
(i) 
within 180 days after the end of each of the Issuer’s fiscal years, annual reports containing 
the following information: 
(x) 
audited consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU; 
and 
(y) 
the related audit report of the Independent Auditors on the consolidated financial 
statements; and 
(ii) 
within 120 days after the end of each half of each fiscal year of the Issuer, unaudited 
consolidated semi-annual financial statements prepared in accordance with International 
Accounting Standard 34, Interim Financial Reporting, as adopted by the European Union. 
This Condition 5(b) shall not apply for so long as the Issuer’s ordinary shares are listed on an 
EEA Regulated Market; 
(c) 
Compliance Certificates:  
(i) 
the Issuer will deliver to the Noteholders through the Fiscal Agent promptly following the 
publication of each set of Financial Statements, a certificate (a “Compliance Certificate”) 
setting out (in reasonable detail) computations as to the compliance by the Issuer, as at the

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
relevant Reporting Date, with the covenants set out in paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iii) of 
Condition 5(a);  
(ii) 
each Compliance Certificate shall be signed by a duly authorised representative of the 
Issuer; and 
(iii) 
each Compliance Certificate that is delivered in connection with publication of an annual 
report of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 5(b)(i) shall be reported on by the Independent 
Auditors on the proper extraction of the numbers used in the financial covenant calculations; 
and 
In these Conditions:  
“EEA Regulated Market” means a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments 
Directive 2014/65/EU which is situated in the European Economic Area; 
“Excluded Subsidiaries” means Global Murex Iberia, S.L., Holding Jauregizar 2002, S.A.U., Desarrollo 
Urbano Patraix, S.A. and Sadorma 2003, S.L.; 
“Financial Indebtedness” means any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(a) 
moneys borrowed; 
(b) 
any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialised equivalent; 
(c) 
any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, debentures, 
loan stock or any similar instrument; 
(d) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which would, in 
accordance with IFRS-EU, be treated as a finance or capital lease; 
(e) 
receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non-
recourse basis); 
(f) 
any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) 
of a type not referred to in any other paragraph of this definition required by IFRS-EU to be shown 
as borrowing in the consolidated statement of financial position of the Group; 
(g) 
any amounts due and payable under any derivative transaction entered into in connection with 
protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price; 
(h) 
any shares which are expressed to be redeemable (acciones rescatables); and 
(i) 
without double counting any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, 
bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial 
institution; and 
(j) 
without double counting the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee or indemnity for 
any of the items referred to in paragraphs (a) to (i) above. 
“Financial Statements” means the audited annual consolidated financial statements (including the 
consolidated management report) of the Issuer, prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU, or, as the case may be, 
the unaudited consolidated semi-annual financial statements (including the consolidated management report) 
of the Issuer, prepared in accordance with International Accounting Standard 34, Interim Financial Reporting, 
as adopted by the European Union in each case as published by the Issuer as at a Reporting Date;

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
“Gross Assets Value” means, as at each Reporting Date, the value of the assets owned by the Group (valued 
on a current market basis) based on the most recent Valuation delivered by the Valuer (adjusted, for (i) assets 
owned by a non-wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Issuer, by the relevant percentage of the participation of the 
Issuer in the share capital of that Subsidiary and (ii) any minority interest held by any member of the Group in 
a real estate company by the net asset value of such company multiplied by the relevant percentage of the 
participation of the relevant member of the Group in the share capital of that company) plus the book value of 
any advanced payments already made by the Group in respect of assets to be acquired by it and where there is 
already in place a binding commitment for the relevant seller to sell such asset to the Group, as shown in the 
Financial Statements published by the Issuer as at the relevant Reporting Date;  
“Group” means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries for the time being;  
“Hedging Agreement” means the master agreement, confirmation, schedule or other agreement in agreed form 
entered into or to be entered into by the Issuer for the purpose of hedging interest payable under the New 
Facilities Agreement; 
“IFRS-EU” means International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union; 
“Independent Auditors” means the Issuer’s independent auditors, currently Deloitte, S.L.; 
“Interest Cover” means, for any Relevant Period, the ratio of net operating income to finance costs for that 
Relevant Period. For the purposes of this definition: 
(a) 
“finance costs” means the aggregate amount of interest and periodic fees, including periodic 
payments under the Hedging Agreements or other derivative transactions, payable in relation to the 
Financial Indebtedness of members of the Group (adjusted, for finance costs of a non-wholly-owned 
Subsidiary of the Issuer, by the relevant percentage of the participation of the Issuer in the share 
capital of that Subsidiary); and 
(b) 
“net operating income” means in relation to any Relevant Period, the net consolidated operating 
income of the Group for that Relevant Period (adjusted, for net operating income of a non-wholly-
owned Subsidiary of the Issuer, by the relevant percentage of the participation of the Issuer in the 
share capital of that Subsidiary); 
“Loan to Value Ratio” means the ratio, expressed as a percentage, of Total Net Debt to Gross Assets Value; 
“Material Subsidiary” means any Subsidiary wholly owned by the Issuer (other than the Excluded 
Subsidiaries) which has earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation calculated on the same basis 
as EBITDA representing 10 per cent. or more of EBITDA or has gross assets or turnover (excluding intra-Group 
items) representing 10 per cent. or more of the gross assets or turnover of the Group, calculated on a 
consolidated basis of the Restricted Group; 
“New Facilities Agreement” means the €1,550,000,000 facilities agreement entered into by the Issuer with 
certain financial institutions on 25 April 2019; 
“Reporting Date” means an accounts date for which audited annual consolidated financial statements of the 
Issuer, prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU, have been published by the Issuer or unaudited consolidated 
semi-annual financial statements of the Issuer, prepared in accordance with International Accounting Standard 
34, Interim Financial Reporting, as adopted by the European Union, have been published by the Issuer, being 
on the date of this Base Prospectus, 31 December in each year; 
“Relevant Period” means (i) the 12-month period prior to each Reporting Date that is the accounts date for 
which annual consolidated financial statements of the Issuer have been published and (ii) the 6-month period

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
prior to each Reporting Date that is the accounts date for which unaudited consolidated semi-annual financial 
statements have been published by the Issuer; 
“Restricted Group” means the Group excluding the Excluded Subsidiaries; 
“Security” means a mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation of any 
person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect; 
“Total Net Debt” means any outstanding amounts in respect of the Financial Indebtedness of the Group 
(adjusted, for the Financial Indebtedness of any non-wholly-owned Subsidiaries of the Issuer, by the relevant 
percentage of the participation of the Issuer in the share capital of that Subsidiary) deducting an amount of cash 
(at bank or at hand) or cash equivalents held by the Group (adjusted, for the amount of cash (at bank or at hand) 
or cash equivalents of any non-wholly-owned Subsidiaries of the Issuer, by the relevant percentage of the 
participation of the Issuer in the share capital of that Subsidiary) as of the relevant date; 
“Unencumbered Total Assets” means the value of the real estate assets owned by the Restricted Group 
(adjusted, for assets owned by a non-wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Issuer, by the relevant percentage of the 
participation of the Issuer in the share capital of that Subsidiary) from time to time in accordance with the most 
recent Valuation delivered by the Valuer which are not subject to a Security;  
“Unsecured Debt” means the Financial Indebtedness of the Restricted Group (adjusted, for the Financial 
Indebtedness of any non-wholly-owned Subsidiaries of the Issuer, by the relevant percentage of the participation 
of the Issuer in the share capital of that Subsidiary) that is not secured by a Security over any assets of the 
Restricted Group; and 
“Unencumbered Ratio” means the ratio, expressed as a percentage, of Unencumbered Total Assets to 
Unsecured Debt; 
“Valuation” means a valuation of all real estate assets of the Group showing the relevant market value of such 
assets, as of the relevant Reporting Date, prepared by a Valuer; and 
“Valuer” means Savills, CBRE, Jones Lang Lasalle, Aguirre Newman, Knight Frank, Cushman & Wakefield, 
BNP Paribas Real Estate and Colliers or any other valuer appointed by the Issuer. 
6. Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding principal 
amount from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 
6(g). 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes: 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding principal 
amount from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in 
arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined 
in accordance with Condition 6(g). Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in 
the relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest 
Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant Final Terms, Interest Payment Date shall 
mean each date which falls the number of months or other period shown in the relevant 
Final Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case 
of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall 
on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) 
the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day 
that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event (x) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day 
and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which 
such date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business 
Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed 
to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.  
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate 
Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and the provisions below relating to either ISDA Determination or 
Screen Rate Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
A. 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal 
to the relevant ISDA Rate. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph A., “ISDA Rate” 
for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would 
be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms 
of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions (provided that in any 
circumstances where under the ISDA Definitions the Calculation Agent would be 
required to exercise any discretion, including the selection of any reference banks 
and seeking quotations from reference banks, when calculating the relevant ISDA 
Rate, the relevant determination(s) which require the Calculation Agent to exercise 
its discretion shall instead be made by the Issuer or its designee) and under which: 
1. If the Final Terms specify either “2006 ISDA Definitions” or “2021 ISDA 
Definitions” as the applicable ISDA Definitions: 
I. 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
II. 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if 
applicable is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
III. 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) unless 
otherwise specified in the Final Terms, has the meaning given to it in the 
ISDA Definitions; 
IV. 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option 
(as defined in the ISDA Definitions), Compounding is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms and:

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
a. 
Compounding with Lookback is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, Lookback is the number of 
Applicable Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
b. Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms, (a) Observation 
Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days 
(as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, and (b) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days 
(as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are the days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
c. 
Compounding with Lockout is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, (a) Lockout is the number of 
Lockout Period Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, and (b) Lockout Period 
Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
V. 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option 
(as defined in the ISDA Definitions), Averaging is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms and: 
a. 
Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Averaging Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, Lookback is the number of Applicable 
Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) as specified in 
relevant Final Terms; or 
b. Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Averaging Method in the relevant Final Terms, (a) Observation 
Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days 
(as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, and (b) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days 
(as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are the days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
c. 
Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Averaging Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, (a) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period 
Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, and (b) Lockout Period Business Days, if 
applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
VI. 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) and Index Provisions are specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Compounded Index Method 
with Observation Period Shift shall be applicable and, (a) Observation 
Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms and 
(b) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
2. In connection with any Compounding Method, Averaging Method or Index 
Method specified in the relevant Final Terms, references in the ISDA Definitions 
to: 
a. 
“Confirmation” shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
b. “Calculation Period” shall be references to the relevant Interest Period; 
c. 
“Termination Date” shall be references to the Maturity Date; and 
d. “Effective Date” shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date. 
3. If the Final Terms specify “2021 ISDA Definitions” as the applicable ISDA 
Definitions, 
a. 
“Administrator/ Benchmark Event” shall be disapplied; and 
b. if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified Floating 
Rate Option is specified to be “Temporary Non-Publication – Alternative Rate” 
in the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions, the reference to 
“Calculation Agent Alternative Rate Determination” in the definition of 
“Temporary Non-Publication – Alternative Rate” shall be replaced by 
“Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Previous Day’s Rate”. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph A., “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Swap Transaction”, “Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity” and 
“Reset Date” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
B. 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(x) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be 
either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 
either 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question as determined by the Calculation Agent. If 
five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen 
Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one 
only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such 
lowest quotation, only one of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the 
Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of 
such offered quotations. 
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being other than EURIBOR, the 
Rate of Interest in respect of such Notes will be determined as provided in 
the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
(y) 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph (x)(1) 
applies and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page, 
or, if sub-paragraph (x)(2) applies and fewer than three such offered 
quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page, in each case as at the time 
specified above, subject as provided below, the Calculation Agent shall 
request, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office 
of each of the Reference Banks, to provide the Calculation Agent with its 
offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
Reference Rate if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two 
or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such 
offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall 
be the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; and 
(z) 
If paragraph (y) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that 
fewer than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject 
as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the 
rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the 
request of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or 
more of them, at which such banks were offered, if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading 
banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market, as the case may be, or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks 
provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered 
rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference 
Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank 
or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) 
informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in, if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market, as the case 
may be, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of 
Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, 
the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual 
Period). 
C. 
Linear Interpolation

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable in 
respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual 
Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear 
interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where 
Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable) 
or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as applicable), one of which shall be determined as if the 
Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next 
shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and the other of 
which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for 
which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, provided however that if there is no rate available for the period of time 
next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall 
determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines 
appropriate. 
“Applicable Maturity” means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the 
period of time designated in the Reference Rate, and (b) in relation to ISDA 
Determination, the Designated Maturity. 
(c) 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
(i) 
Independent Adviser: If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference 
Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined 
by reference to such Original Reference Rate, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours 
to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a 
Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 6(c)(ii)) 
and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance 
with Condition 6(c)(iv)). In making such determination, the Independent Adviser appointed 
pursuant to this Condition 6(c) shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner as an expert. In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall 
have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, or the Noteholders for any 
determination made by it, pursuant to this Condition 6(c). 
If (A) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (B) the Independent 
Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative 
Rate in accordance with this Condition 6(c)(i), prior to the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Accrual Period shall be 
equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the 
immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period. If there has not been a first Interest Payment 
Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the initial Rate of Interest. Where a different Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period shall 
be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
that last preceding Interest Accrual Period. For the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph shall 
apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Accrual Period only and any subsequent 
Interest Accrual Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as 
provided in, the first paragraph of this Condition 6(c)(i). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate: If the Independent Adviser determines that:

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
A. 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable Adjustment 
Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 6(c)); 
or 
B. 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of 
the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to 
the operation of this Condition 6(c)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread: The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for 
determining the Adjustment Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be). If the Independent Adviser is unable to determine 
the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, 
then the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) will apply without an 
Adjustment Spread. 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments: If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the 
applicable Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 6(c) and the 
Independent Adviser determines (a) that amendments to these Conditions are necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either 
case) the applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark 
Amendments”) and (b) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, 
subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 6(c)(v), without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give effect 
to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 6(c), the Calculation Agent or any 
Paying Agent is not obliged to concur with the Issuer or the Independent Adviser in respect 
of any changes or amendments as contemplated under this Condition 6(c) to which, in the 
sole opinion of the Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be, 
would impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, 
responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the 
Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent (as applicable) in the Agency Agreement 
and/or these Conditions. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 6(c)(iv), the Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being 
listed or admitted to trading. 
(v) 
Notices, etc.: Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific 
terms of any Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 6(c) will be notified 
promptly by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable, binding on all 
parties, and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
No later than notifying the Noteholders of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal 
Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents a certificate signed by two directors 
of the Issuer:

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
(a) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or, as 
the case may be, the Alternative Rate, (iii) the applicable Adjustment Spread and 
(iv) the specific terms of the Benchmark Amendments (if any), in each case as 
determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 6(c); and 
(b) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) 
the applicable Adjustment Spread. 
The Fiscal Agent shall display such certificate at its offices, for inspection by the 
Noteholders at all reasonable times during normal business hours.  
Each of the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents shall be entitled to 
rely on such certificate (without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or 
bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment 
Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the Fiscal 
Agent’s or the Calculation Agent’s or the Paying Agents’ ability to rely on such certificate 
as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying 
Agents and the Noteholders. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 6(c), if following the determination 
of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Amendments 
(if any), in the Calculation Agent’s opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more 
alternative courses of action in making any determination or calculation under this 
Condition 6(c), the Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer 
shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing as to which alternative course of action to 
adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise 
unable (other than due to its own gross negligence, willful default or fraud) to make such 
calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the 
Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or determination 
and (in the absence of such gross negligence, willful default or fraud) shall not incur any 
liability for not doing so. 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate: Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer 
under Condition 6(c)(i), (ii), (iii) and (iv), the Original Reference Rate provided for in 
Condition 6(b) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred.  
(vii) 
Definitions: As used in this Condition 6(c): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (x) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) 
or (y) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
A. 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or 
B. 
if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate, the 
Independent Adviser determines, is customarily applied to the relevant Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the 
Original Reference Rate; or   
C. 
if Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily applied, the 
Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the 
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 6(c)(ii) is customarily applied in 
international debt capital markets transactions for the purposes of determining rates of 
interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the 
Notes; 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(c)(iv); 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
A. 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 
Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
B. 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has 
ceased or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed 
that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
C. 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; or 
D. 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from 
being used either generally, or in respect of the Notes; or 
E. 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that, the Original Reference Rate is (or will be deemed by 
such supervisor to be) no longer representative of its relevant underlying market; or 
F. 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or 
other party to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the 
Original Reference Rate, 
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-
paragraphs B and C above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original 
Reference Rate or the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, 
(b) in the case of sub-paragraph D above, on the date of the prohibition of use of the 
Original Reference Rate and (c) in the case of sub-paragraph E above, on the date with 
effect from which the Original Reference Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by the 
relevant supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant underlying market and 
which is specified in the relevant public statement, and, in each case, not the date of the 
relevant public statement.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and promptly 
notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents. For the 
avoidance of doubt, neither the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent nor the Paying Agents 
shall have any responsibility for making such determination. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute 
or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under 
Condition 6(c)(i); 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the 
Notes; 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable): 
A. 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable); or 
B. 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central 
banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any 
part thereof; and 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(d) 
Zero Coupon Notes: Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is 
repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to 
the Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, 
the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed 
as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 7(b)(i)). 
(e) 
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption 
unless, upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest 
shall continue to accrue (both before and after judgement) at the Rate of Interest in the manner 
provided in this Condition 6 to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 9). 
(f) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Redemption Amounts and Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation 
to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, 
in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the 
case of (y), calculated in accordance with Condition 6(b) above by adding (if a positive 
number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin subject 
always to the next paragraph;

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount shall be subject to 
such maximum or minimum, as the case may be; or 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless 
otherwise specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 
of a percentage point being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant 
figures (with 0.000005 of a percentage point being rounded up) and (z) all currency 
amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency 
(with half a unit being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down 
to the nearest yen. For these purposes “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the countries of such currency. 
(g) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for 
any Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation 
Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms, and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual 
Period, unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such Interest 
Accrual Period, in which case the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of 
such Note for such Interest Accrual Period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in 
accordance with such formula). Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual 
Periods, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Interest Period 
shall be the sum of the Interest Amounts payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. 
In respect of any other period for which interest is required to be calculated, the provisions above 
shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for which interest is required to 
be calculated. 
(h) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and Acquisition Call 
Redemption Amounts: The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the 
Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make 
any determination or calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Acquisition Call Redemption Amount, obtain such 
quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of 
Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment 
Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, 
Optional Redemption Amount or Acquisition Call Redemption Amount to be notified to the Fiscal 
Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent 
appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such 
information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange or other 
relevant authority so require, such exchange or other relevant authority as soon as possible after 
their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, 
if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. 
Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to 
Condition 6(b)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) 
without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes become 
due and payable under Condition 11, the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this 
Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be 
made. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of 
each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) 
be final and binding upon all parties. 
(i) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms 
shall have the meanings set out below: 
“2006 ISDA Definitions” means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA Definitions as 
amended, supplemented or updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the 
relevant Series, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (copies 
of which may be obtained at www.isda.org); 
“2021 ISDA Definitions” means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of the 2021 
ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any successor Matrix 
thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. (copies of which may be obtained at www.isda.org); 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial 
centre for such currency; and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of euro, any day on which the T2 is open for the settlement of payments (a 
“TARGET Business Day”); and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres, a day (other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in 
such currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of 
the Business Centres; 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note 
for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) 
(whether or not constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation 
Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual - ISDA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided 
by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date 
falling in a leap year, 366;

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(viii) 
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
A. 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product 
of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
B. 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year, 
where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination 
Date in any year to but excluding the next Determination Date; and 
“Determination Date” means the date(s) specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms or, if none is so specified, the Interest Payment Date(s);

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
“EURIBOR” means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Euro-zone interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a 
designated distributor in accordance with the requirements from time to time of the European 
Banking Federation based on estimated interbank borrowing rates for a number of designated 
currencies and maturities which are provided, in respect of each such currency, by a panel of 
contributor banks (details of historic EURIBOR rates can be obtained from the designated 
distributor); 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt the 
single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended; 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on and including the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on but excluding the first Interest Period Date and each successive 
period beginning on and including an Interest Period Date and ending on but excluding the next 
succeeding Interest Period Date; 
“Interest Amount” means:  
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, and 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, shall mean the Fixed Coupon 
Amount or Broken Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms as being payable on the 
Interest Payment Date ending the Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual Period 
forms part; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for 
that period; 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual 
Period, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the 
first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the day falling 
two Business Days in London for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest 
Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro or (iii) the day falling two 
TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified 
Currency is euro; 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on and including the Interest Commencement Date 
and ending on but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning 
on and including an Interest Payment Date and ending on but excluding the next succeeding 
Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA Definitions, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this Note 
and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the relevant Final 
Terms;

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
“Reference Banks” means, the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone 
interbank market, in each case selected by the Calculation Agent or as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (or any successor or 
replacement page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information service); 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if 
none is specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated; and 
“T2” means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor 
system. 
(j) 
Change of Interest Basis: If Change of Interest Basis is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, the Final Terms will indicate the relevant Interest Periods to which the Fixed Rate 
Note provisions, Floating Rate Note provisions and/or Zero Coupon Note provisions shall apply. 
(k) 
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation 
Agents if provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is 
outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement). Where more than one Calculation Agent is 
appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be 
construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the 
Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to 
establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, 
Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case 
may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or financial 
institution engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter 
index options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be 
made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London office or any other office 
actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign 
its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
7. Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption: 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note shall be 
finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms at its Final 
Redemption Amount (which, unless otherwise provided, shall be its principal amount and in any 
event shall be at a price equal to or greater than 100 per cent. of the principal amount of the Note). 
(b) 
Early Redemption: 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
A. 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 7(c), Condition 7(d) or Condition 
7(e) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 11 shall be the 
Amortised Face Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Note unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
B. 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph C. below, the Amortised Face Amount of 
any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on 
the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal 
to the Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown in the relevant Final Terms, shall 
be such rate as would produce an Amortised Face Amount equal to the issue price 
of the Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) 
compounded annually. 
C. 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its 
redemption pursuant to Condition 7(c), Condition 7(d) or Condition 7(e) or upon it 
becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 11 is not paid when due, the 
Early Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such Note shall be the 
Amortised Face Amount of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph B. above, except 
that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the date on which the Note 
becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised 
Face Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (both 
before and after judgement) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls 
on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the 
scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together 
with any interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 6(d). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be 
made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Other Notes: The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than 
Notes described in (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 7(c), 
Condition 7(d) or Condition 7(e) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in 
Condition 11, shall be the Final Redemption Amount unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in 
whole, but not in part, on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) or, at any 
time, (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ 
notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (as 
described in Condition 7(b) above) (together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption), 
if (i) the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in 
Condition 9 as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of Spain or any 
political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the 
application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment 
becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of 
the Notes, and (ii) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures 
available to it, provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior 
to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a 
payment in respect of the Notes then due. Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption 
pursuant to this Condition 7(c), the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by 
two directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting 
forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem 
have occurred, and an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or 
amendment.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: If Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice to the 
Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem, 
all or, if so provided, some, of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption 
of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms (which 
may be the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 7(b) above)), together with 
interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. Any such redemption or exercise must relate to 
Notes of a principal amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be 
redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Optional Redemption Amount will either be the Early Redemption Amount (as described in 
Condition 7(b) above) or, if Make-whole Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be 
the higher of (a) 100 per cent. of the principal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed and 
(b) the sum of the present values of the principal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed 
and the Remaining Term Interest on such Notes (exclusive of interest accrued to the date of 
redemption) discounted to the date of redemption on an annual basis at (i) the Reference Note Rate 
plus the Redemption Margin or (ii) the Discount Rate, in each case as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. If the Make-whole Exemption Period is specified as applicable and the Issuer gives notice 
to redeem the Notes during the Make-whole Exemption Period, the Optional Redemption Amount 
will be 100 per cent. of the principal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in 
such notice in accordance with this Condition 7(d). 
In the case of a partial redemption the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the certificate 
numbers of the Notes to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place and in such 
manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing market 
practices, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange or other relevant 
authority requirements.  
In these Conditions: 
“Discount Rate” will be as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
“FA Selected Note” means a government security or securities selected by the Financial Adviser 
as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes that 
would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in 
pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as the Notes and 
of a comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes. 
“Financial Adviser” means the entity so specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if not so specified 
or if such entity is unable or unwilling to act, any financial adviser selected by the Issuer. 
“Make-whole Exemption Period” will be as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Redemption Margin” will be as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Note” shall be the note so specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if not so specified 
or if no longer available, the FA Selected Note. 
“Reference Note Price” means, with respect to any date of redemption: (a) the arithmetic average 
of the Reference Government Note Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding 
the highest and lowest such Reference Government Note Dealer Quotations or (b) if the Financial

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
Adviser obtains fewer than four such Reference Government Note Dealer Quotations, the 
arithmetic average of all such quotations. 
“Reference Note Rate” means, with respect to any date of redemption, the rate per annum equal 
to the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity 
(on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Note, assuming a price for the Reference Note 
(expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Reference Note Price for such date 
of redemption. 
“Reference Date” will be set out in the relevant notice of redemption, such date to fall no earlier 
than the date falling 30 days prior to the date of such notice. 
“Reference Government Note Dealer” means each of five banks selected by the Issuer which are 
(a) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (b) market makers in 
pricing corporate note issues. 
“Reference Government Note Dealer Quotations” means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Note Dealer and any date for redemption, the arithmetic average, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Note (expressed in each case 
as a percentage of its principal amount) at the Quotation Time specified in the relevant Final Terms 
on the Reference Date quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent by such Reference Government 
Note Dealer. 
“Remaining Term Interest” means with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of scheduled 
payment(s) of interest on such Note until (a) if Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the first day on which the Notes may be redeemed at their 
principal amount or (b) in all other cases, the Maturity Date, determined on the basis of the rate of 
interest applicable to such Note from and including the date on which such Note is to be redeemed 
by the Issuer in accordance with this Condition 7(d). 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders: If Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any such Note, upon the holder of such Note giving 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its 
Optional Redemption Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms (which may be the Early 
Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 7(b) above)), together with interest accrued to the 
date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option the holder must deposit such Note (together with all unmatured Coupons 
and unexchanged Talons) with any Paying Agent, together with a duly completed option exercise 
notice (“Exercise Notice”) in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent within the notice period. 
No Note so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided in the Agency 
Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(f) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders on a Change of Control Put Event: If Change of 
Control Put Event is specified in the relevant Final Terms and a Change of Control Put Event occurs, 
the holder of any such Note will have the option (a “Change of Control Put Option”) (unless prior 
to the giving of the relevant Change of Control Put Event Notice (as defined below) the Issuer has 
given notice of redemption under Condition 7(c) or 7(d) above) to require the Issuer to redeem or, 
at the Issuer’s option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) that Note on the Change of Control Put 
Date (as defined below) at its principal amount together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
Change of Control Put Date.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
A “Change of Control Put Event” will be deemed to occur if: 
(i) 
any person or any persons acting in concert acquires Control of the Issuer; (each such event 
being, a “Change of Control”); and 
(ii) 
on the date (the “Relevant Announcement Date”) that is the earlier of (1) the date of the 
first public announcement of the relevant Change of Control and (2) the date of the earliest 
Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement (if any), the Notes carry: 
A. 
an investment grade credit rating (Baa3/BBB-, or their respective equivalents, or 
better), from any Rating Agency whether provided by such Rating Agency at the 
invitation of the Issuer or by its own volition and such rating is, within the Change 
of Control Period, either downgraded to a non-investment grade credit rating 
(Ba1/BB+, or their respective equivalents, or worse) (a “Non-Investment Grade 
Rating”) or withdrawn and is not, within the Change of Control Period, 
subsequently (in the case of a downgrade) upgraded to an investment grade credit 
rating by such Rating Agency; or 
B. 
a Non-Investment Grade Rating from any Rating Agency whether provided by such 
Rating Agency at the invitation of the Issuer or by its own volition and such rating 
is, within the Change of Control Period, either downgraded by one or more rating 
categories (from Ba1 to Ba2 or such similar lowering) or withdrawn and is not, 
within the Change of Control Period, subsequently (in the case of a downgrade) 
upgraded to its earlier credit rating or better by such Rating Agency, 
provided that if at the time of the occurrence of the Change of Control the Notes carry a 
credit rating from more than one Rating Agency, at least one of which is investment grade, 
then only sub paragraph A. will apply; and 
(iii) 
in making any decision to downgrade or withdraw a credit rating pursuant to paragraphs A. 
and B. above, the relevant Rating Agency announces publicly or confirms in writing to the 
Issuer that such decision(s) resulted, in whole or in part, from the occurrence of the Change 
of Control or the Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement. 
Further, if at the time of the occurrence of the Change of Control the Notes carry no credit rating, a 
Change of Control Put Event will be deemed to occur upon the occurrence of a Change of Control 
alone.  
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Change of Control Put Event has occurred the 
Issuer shall give notice (a “Change of Control Put Event Notice”) to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 15 specifying the nature of the Change of Control Put Event and the 
procedure for exercising the Change of Control Put Option. 
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option, the holder of a Note must deliver such Note to the 
specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent 
falling within the period (the “Change of Control Put Period”) of 30 days after a Change of 
Control Put Event Notice is given, accompanied by a duly signed and completed notice of exercise 
in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from the specified office of any Paying Agent (a 
“Change of Control Put Notice”). The Note should be delivered together with all Coupons 
appertaining thereto maturing after the date which is seven days after the expiration of the Change 
of Control Put Period (the “Change of Control Put Date”), failing which the Paying Agent will 
require payment from or on behalf of the Noteholder of an amount equal to the face value of any 
missing such Coupon. Any amount so paid will be reimbursed to the Noteholder against

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
presentation and surrender of the relevant missing Coupon (or any replacement therefor issued 
pursuant to Condition 13) at any time after such payment, but before the expiry of the period of five 
years from the date on which such Coupon would have become due, but not thereafter. The Paying 
Agent to which such Note and Change of Control Put Notice are delivered will issue to the 
Noteholder concerned a non-transferable receipt in respect of the Note so delivered. Payment in 
respect of any Note so delivered will be made, if the holder duly specified a bank account in the 
Change of Control Put Notice to which payment is to be made, on the Change of Control Put Date 
by transfer to that bank account and, in every other case, on or after the Change of Control Put Date 
against presentation and surrender or (as the case may be) endorsement of such receipt at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent. A Change of Control Put Notice, once given, shall be 
irrevocable. For the purposes of these Conditions, receipts issued pursuant to this Condition 7(f) 
shall be treated as if they were Notes.  
The Issuer shall redeem or purchase (or procure the purchase of) the relevant Notes on the Change 
of Control Put Date unless previously redeemed (or purchased) and cancelled. 
If 85 per cent. or more in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding have been redeemed or 
purchased pursuant to this Condition 7(f), the Issuer may, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 
60 days’ notice to the Noteholders (such notice being given within 30 days after the Change of 
Control Put Date), redeem or purchase (or procure the purchase of), at its option, all but not some 
only of the remaining outstanding Notes at their principal amount, together with interest accrued to 
(but excluding) the date fixed for such redemption or purchase. 
If the rating designations employed by any of Moody’s, Fitch or S&P are changed from those which 
are described in paragraph (ii) of the definition of “Change of Control Put Event” above, or if a 
rating is procured from a Substitute Rating Agency, the Issuer shall determine the rating 
designations of Moody’s, Fitch or S&P or such Substitute Rating Agency (as appropriate) as are 
most equivalent to the prior rating designations of Moody’s, Fitch or S&P and this Condition 7(f) 
shall be construed accordingly. 
In these Conditions:  
“Change of Control Period” means the period commencing on the Relevant Announcement Date 
and ending 90 days after the Change of Control (or such longer period for which the Notes are under 
consideration (such consideration having been announced publicly within the period ending 90 days 
after the Change of Control) for rating review or, as the case may be, rating by a Rating Agency, 
such period not to exceed 60 days after the public announcement of such consideration); 
“Control” means (i) the acquisition or control of more than 50 per cent. of the voting rights or (ii) 
the right to appoint and/or remove all or the majority of the members of the board of directors or 
other governing body, whether obtained directly or indirectly, and whether obtained by ownership 
of share capital, the possession of voting rights, contract or otherwise and “controlled” shall be 
construed accordingly; 
“Rating Agency” means Moody’s Deutschland GmbH (“Moody’s”), Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited 
(“Fitch”) or S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”) or any of their respective successors, 
affiliates or any rating agency (a “Substitute Rating Agency”) substituted for any of them by the 
Issuer from time to time; and 
“Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement” means any public announcement or 
statement by the Issuer, any actual or potential bidder or any adviser acting on behalf of any actual

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
or potential bidder relating to any potential Change of Control where within 180 days following the 
date of such announcement or statement, a Change of Control occurs.  
(g) 
Residual Maturity Call Option: If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ 
irrevocable notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (which notice shall specify 
the date fixed for redemption (the “Residual Maturity Call Option Redemption Date”)), redeem 
all (but not some only) of the outstanding Notes comprising the relevant Series at their principal 
amount together with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption, which shall 
be no earlier than three months before the Maturity Date. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in 
such notice in accordance with this Condition 7(g). 
(h) 
Redemption following a Substantial Purchase Event: If a Substantial Purchase Event is specified 
in the Final Terms as being applicable and a Substantial Purchase Event has occurred and is 
continuing, then the Issuer may, subject to having given not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ 
irrevocable notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (which notice shall specify 
the date fixed for redemption), redeem the Notes comprising the relevant Series in whole, but not 
in part, in accordance with these Conditions at any time, in each case at their principal amount, 
together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption.  
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in 
such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
For the purposes of this Condition, a “Substantial Purchase Event” shall be deemed to have 
occurred if at least 75 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of the relevant Series 
originally issued (which for these purposes shall include any further Notes of the same Series issued 
subsequently) is purchased by the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer (and in each case is 
cancelled in accordance with Condition 7(k). 
(i) 
Redemption following an Acquisition Event: If an Acquisition Event is specified in the Final 
Terms as being applicable and an Acquisition Event has occurred, then the Issuer may, subject to 
having given not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders within 
the Acquisition Notice Period (as specified in the Final Terms) in accordance with Condition 15 
(which notice shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem the Notes comprising the relevant 
Series in whole, but not in part, in accordance with these Conditions at any time, in each case at 
their Acquisition Call Redemption Amount (as specified in the Final Terms), together with any 
accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption.  
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in 
such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 7(i), the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer 
is entitled to effect such redemption and certifying that an Acquisition Event has occurred. 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
an “Acquisition Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if the Issuer (i) has not, on or prior to the 
Acquisition Completion Date (as specified in the Final Terms), completed and closed the acquisition 
of the Acquisition Target (as specified in the Final Terms) or (ii) has publicly announced that it no 
longer intends to pursue the acquisition of the Acquisition Target.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
(j) 
Purchases: The Issuer and its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes (provided that all 
unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered 
therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price. 
(k) 
Cancellation: All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may be 
surrendered for cancellation by surrendering each such Note together with all unmatured Coupons 
and all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, if so surrendered, shall, together with all Notes 
redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so surrendered for 
cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such 
Notes shall be discharged. 
8. Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Method of Payment: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Notes shall, subject as 
mentioned below, be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Notes (in the case of 
payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 8(e)(v)) or Coupons (in 
the case of payments of interest, save as specified in Condition 8(e)(v)), as the case may be, at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant 
currency drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, by transfer to an account denominated in such 
currency with, a Bank. “Bank” means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, 
in the case of euro, in a city in which banks have access to the T2. 
(b) 
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Notes are denominated in 
U.S. dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying 
Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such 
Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided 
above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively 
precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts 
and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of 
the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(c) 
Payments Subject to Laws: Save as provided in Condition 9, payments will be subject in all cases 
to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives in the place of payment or other 
laws and regulations to which the Issuer, or its Paying or Fiscal Agents agree to be subject and the 
Issuer will not be liable for any taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by such laws, 
regulations, directives, or agreements. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the 
Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(d) 
Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent initially 
appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the 
Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent(s) act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any 
obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer 
reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents, provided 
that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) 
where the Conditions so require, (iii) Paying Agents having specified offices in at least one major 
European city and (iv) such other agents as may be required by any other stock exchange on which 
the Notes may be listed.

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (b) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders. 
(e) 
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons: 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of Notes which comprise Fixed Rate Notes, those Notes 
should be surrendered for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating 
thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon 
(or, in the case of payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such 
missing unmatured Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) 
shall be deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or 
Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so 
deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing 
Coupon within a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such 
principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 10). 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Note comprising a Floating Rate Note, unmatured 
Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment 
shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such 
Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in 
respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Where any Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to become void 
upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without all 
unmatured Coupons, and where any Note is presented for redemption without any 
unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of 
such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, interest 
accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest Commencement 
Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if 
appropriate) of the relevant Note. Interest accrued on a Note that only bears interest after 
its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such Note against presentation of the 
relevant Note. 
(f) 
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at 
the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary 
another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void 
pursuant to Condition 10). 
(g) 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a business 
day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any 
interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, “business day” means 
a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open 
for business in the relevant place of presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as 
“Financial Centres” in the relevant Final Terms and:

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
(i) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made by 
transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign 
exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial 
centre of the country of such currency; or 
(ii) 
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day. 
9. Taxation  
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes and the Coupons 
shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature (collectively, “Taxes”) imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by or within Spain or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax (the “Spanish Tax 
Authorities”), unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such 
additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders and the Couponholders of such amounts as 
would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such 
additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his having 
some connection with Spain other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or 
(b) 
Presentation more than 30 days after the Relevant Date: presented for payment more than 30 
days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder of it would have been entitled to 
such additional amounts on presenting it for payment on the thirtieth such day; or 
(c) 
Information requested by Spanish Tax Authorities: while the Notes are represented by a global 
Note, to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder or a Couponholder who does not provide to 
the Issuer or an agent acting on behalf of the Issuer the information concerning such Noteholder or 
Couponholder as may be required in order to comply with the procedures that may be implemented 
to comply with the interpretation of Royal Decree 1065/2007, of 27 July, as eventually made by the 
Spanish Tax Authorities; or 
(d) 
Information requested by Spanish Tax Authorities: while the Notes are represented by definitive 
Notes, to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder or Couponholder who does not comply with 
the Issuer’s request to provide a valid certificate of tax residence duly issued by the tax authorities 
of the country of tax residence of the beneficial owner of the Notes or the Coupons, which the 
Noteholder or Couponholder or the beneficial owner is required to provide by the applicable tax 
laws and regulations of the relevant taxing authority as a precondition to exemption from, or 
reduction in the rate of deduction or withholding of, Taxes imposed by such relevant taxing 
authority; or 
(e) 
FATCA Taxes: where such withholding or deduction is imposed under Sections 1471 and 1472 of 
the United States Internal Revenue Code (the “Code”), including, pursuant to an agreement 
described in section 1471(b)(1) of the Code, under any intergovernmental agreement implementing 
such provisions of the Code or any laws implementing any of the foregoing; or 
(f) 
any combinations of items (a) through (e) above. 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note or Coupon means the date on which 
payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or 
refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date seven days 
after that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note or Coupon

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact 
made upon such presentation. References in these Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any 
premium payable in respect of the Notes, Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional 
Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable 
pursuant to Condition 7 or any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all 
Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 6 or any amendment or supplement to it 
and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” shall be deemed to include any additional amounts that may be payable 
under this Condition. 
10. Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which for this purpose shall not 
include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 10 years (in the case of principal) or 
five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
11. Events of Default 
If any of the following events (“Events of Default”) occurs and is continuing, the holder of any Note may give 
written notice to the Fiscal Agent at its specified office that such Note is immediately repayable, whereupon the 
Early Redemption Amount of such Note together (if applicable) with accrued interest to the date of payment 
shall become immediately due and payable: 
(a) 
Non-Payment: default is made for more than 14 days (in the case of interest) or seven days (in the 
case of principal) in the payment on the due date of interest or principal in respect of any of the 
Notes; or 
(b) 
Breach of Other Obligations: the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of its 
other obligations in the Notes which default is incapable of remedy or is not remedied within 30 
days after notice of such default shall have been given to the Fiscal Agent at its specified office by 
any Noteholder; or 
(c) 
Cross-Default: (A) any other present or future indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries for or in respect of moneys borrowed or raised becomes due and payable prior to its 
stated maturity by reason of an event of default (howsoever described) (but subject to any applicable 
grace periods), or (B) any such indebtedness is not paid when due or, as the case may be, within any 
originally applicable grace period, or (C) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries fails to pay 
when due any amount payable by it under any present or future guarantee for, or indemnity in 
respect of, any moneys borrowed or raised provided that the aggregate amount of the relevant 
indebtedness, guarantees and indemnities in respect of which one or more of the events mentioned 
above in this paragraph (c) have occurred equals or exceeds €75,000,000 or its equivalent in any 
other currency (on the basis of the middle spot rate for the relevant currency against the Euro as 
quoted by any leading bank on the day on which this paragraph operates); or  
(d) 
Enforcement Proceedings: a distress, attachment, execution or other legal process is levied, 
enforced or sued out on or against any part of the property, assets or revenues of the Issuer or any 
of its Material Subsidiaries and is not discharged or stayed within 90 days, provided that the amount 
levied, enforced or sued on such distress, attachment or execution, individually or in the aggregate 
with any other amount levied, enforced or sued, exceeds €75,000,000; or  
(e) 
Unsatisfied judgement: one or more judgement(s) or order(s) for the payment of any amount is 
rendered against the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries and continue(s) unsatisfied and 
unstayed for a period of 30 days after the date(s) thereof or, if later, the date therein specified for

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
payment, provided that the amount subject of such judgement(s) or order(s), individually or in the 
aggregate, exceeds €75,000,000; or 
(f) 
Security Enforced: any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance, present or future, 
created or assumed by the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries becomes enforceable and any 
step is taken to enforce it (including the taking of possession or the appointment of a receiver, 
manager or other similar person), provided that the individual or aggregate value of all assets subject 
to such enforcement exceeds €75,000,000; or 
(g) 
Insolvency: the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries is (or is, or could be, deemed by law or a 
court to be) insolvent or bankrupt (concurso, in the case of Spanish companies) or unable to pay its 
debts, stops, suspends or threatens to stop or suspend payment of all or a material part of (or of a 
particular type of) its debts, proposes or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or 
composition with or for the benefit of the relevant creditors in respect of any of such debts or a 
moratorium is agreed or declared in respect of or affecting all or a material part of (or of a particular 
type of) the debts of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries; or 
(h) 
Winding-up: an order is made or an effective resolution passed for the winding-up or dissolution 
of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries, or the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries 
ceases or threaten to cease to carry on all or substantially all of its business or operations, in each 
case except for the purpose of and followed by a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, 
merger or consolidation (i) pursuant to which the surviving entity shall be the transferee of or 
successor to all or substantially all of the business of the Issuer and assumes all of the obligations 
of the Issuer with respect to the Notes or (ii) on terms approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of 
the Noteholders or (iii) in the case of a Material Subsidiary, whereby the undertaking and assets of 
the Material Subsidiary are transferred to or otherwise vested in the Issuer or another of its Material 
Subsidiaries; or 
(i) 
Authorisation and Consents: any action, condition or thing (including the obtaining or effecting 
of any necessary consent, approval, authorisation, exemption, filing, licence, order, recording or 
registration) at any time required to be taken, fulfilled or done in order (i) to enable the Issuer 
lawfully to enter into, exercise its rights and perform and comply with its obligations under the 
Notes, (ii) to ensure that those obligations are legal, valid, binding and enforceable and (iii) to make 
the Notes and the Coupons admissible in evidence in the courts of England and of the Kingdom of 
Spain is not taken, fulfilled or done; or 
(j) 
Illegality: it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any one or more 
of its obligations under any of the Notes; or 
(k) 
Analogous Events: any event occurs that under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has an 
analogous effect to any of the events referred to in (d), (e), (f), (g), (h) and (i) of this Condition 11.  
12. Meeting of Noteholders and Modifications 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings 
(which may be physical or virtual meetings, including meetings held by conference call or on a 
videoconference platform) of Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, including 
the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of any of these Conditions. Such a 
meeting may be convened by Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in principal amount of 
the Notes for the time being outstanding. The quorum for any meeting convened to consider an 
Extraordinary Resolution shall be one or more persons holding or representing a clear majority in 
principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the Notes held 
or represented, unless the business of such meeting includes consideration of proposals, inter alia, 
(i) to amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes or any date for payment of interest or 
Interest Amounts on the Notes, (ii) to reduce or cancel the principal amount of, or any premium 
payable on redemption of, the Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of the 
Notes or to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis 
for calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the Notes, (iv) if a Minimum and/or a Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is shown in the relevant Final Terms, to reduce any such 
Minimum and/or Maximum, (v) to vary any method of, or basis for, calculating the Final 
Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount, 
including the method of calculating the Amortised Face Amount, (vi) to vary the currency or 
currencies of payment or denomination of the Notes, or (vii) to modify the provisions concerning 
the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders or the majority required to pass the 
Extraordinary Resolution, in which case the necessary quorum shall be two or more persons holding 
or representing not less than 75 per cent. or at any adjourned meeting not less than 25 per cent. in 
principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly 
passed shall be binding on Noteholders (whether or not they were present at the meeting at which 
such resolution was passed) and on all Couponholders. 
The Agency Agreement provides that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders 
of not less than 75 per cent. in principal amount of the Notes outstanding shall for all purposes be 
as valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly 
convened and held. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several 
documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
A modification of any of these Conditions in accordance with Condition 6(c) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation) does not need to be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of Noteholders in 
order to be effective. 
These Conditions may be completed in relation to any Series of Notes by the terms of the relevant 
Final Terms in relation to such Series. 
(b) 
Modification of Agency Agreement: The Issuer shall only permit any modification of, or any 
waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of or any failure to comply with, the 
Agency Agreement, if to do so could not reasonably be expected to be prejudicial to the interests of 
the Noteholders. 
(c) 
Notification to the Noteholders: Any modification, waiver or authorisation in accordance with this 
Condition 12 shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and shall be notified by 
the Issuer to the Noteholders as soon as practicable thereafter in accordance with Condition 15. 
13. Replacement of Notes, Coupons and Talons 
If a Note, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to 
applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant authority regulations, at the specified office 
of the Paying Agent in Luxembourg (in the case of Notes, Coupons or Talons) or such other Paying Agent, as 
the case may be, as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose 
designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in 
connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, 
that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Note, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, 
as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
payable by the Issuer in respect of such Notes, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may 
require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
14. Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and issue 
further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes (in all respects except for the first payment of 
interest thereon) and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single series with such Notes, and 
references in these Conditions to “Notes” shall be construed accordingly. 
15. Notices 
Notices to the holders of Notes shall be valid if published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in London 
(which is expected to be the Financial Times). So long as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, notices to holders of the Notes shall also be published either on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.luxse.com) or in a daily newspaper with general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected 
to be the Luxemburger Wort). If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published 
in another leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall 
be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different 
dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any global Note is held in its entirety 
on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg be substituted for such publication as aforesaid the 
delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the 
Noteholders in accordance with their respective rules and operating procedures. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given to the Noteholders on the day on which the notice was given to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as appropriate. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders 
of Notes in accordance with this Condition 15. 
16. Currency Indemnity 
Any amount received or recovered in a currency other than the currency in which payment under the relevant 
Note or Coupon is due (whether as a result of, or of the enforcement of, a judgement or order of a court of any 
jurisdiction, in the insolvency, winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer or otherwise) by any Noteholder or 
Couponholder in respect of any sum expressed to be due to it from the Issuer shall only constitute a discharge 
to the Issuer to the extent of the amount in the currency of payment under the relevant Note or Coupon that the 
recipient is able to purchase with the amount so received or recovered in that other currency on the date of that 
receipt or recovery (or, if it is not practicable to make that purchase on that date, on the first date on which it is 
practicable to do so). If the amount received or recovered is less than the amount expressed to be due to the 
recipient under any Note or Coupon, the Issuer shall indemnify it against any loss sustained by it as a result. In 
any event, the Issuer shall indemnify the recipient against the cost of making any such purchase. For the 
purposes of this Condition 16, it shall be sufficient for the Noteholder or Couponholder, as the case may be, to 
demonstrate that it would have suffered a loss had an actual purchase been made. These indemnities constitute 
a separate and independent obligation from the Issuer’s other obligations, shall give rise to a separate and 
independent cause of action, shall apply irrespective of any indulgence granted by any Noteholder or 
Couponholder and shall continue in full force and effect despite any other judgement, order, claim or proof for 
a liquidated amount in respect of any sum due under any Note or Coupon or any other judgement or order. 
17. Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contracts (Rights of 
Third Parties) Act 1999.

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
18. Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law: Save as described below, the Notes, the Coupons and the Talons and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, English law. Condition 3 shall be governed by, and shall be construed 
in accordance with, Spanish law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: The Courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise 
out of or in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons and accordingly any legal action or 
proceedings arising out of or in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons (“Proceedings”) 
may be brought in such courts. The Issuer irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of the courts of 
England and waives any objection to Proceedings in such courts on the ground of venue or on the 
ground that the Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum. This submission is made 
for the benefit of each of the holders of the Notes, Coupons and Talons and shall not affect the right 
of any of them to take Proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction nor shall the taking 
of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other 
jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not). 
(c) 
Service of Process: The Issuer irrevocably appoints Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited of 
fifth floor, 100 Wood Street, London EC2V 7EX as its agent in England to receive, for it and on its 
behalf, service of process in any Proceedings in England. Such service shall be deemed completed 
on delivery to such process agent (whether or not, it is forwarded to and received by the Issuer). If 
for any reason such process agent ceases to be able to act as such or no longer has an address in 
London, the Issuer irrevocably agrees to appoint a substitute process agent and shall immediately 
notify Noteholders of such appointment in accordance with Condition 15. Nothing shall affect the 
right to serve process in any manner permitted by law.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
1 
Initial Issue of Notes 
If the Global Notes are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in NGN form, the Global Notes will be 
delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Safekeeper. Depositing the Global 
Notes with the Common Safekeeper does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue, 
or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria. 
Global Notes which are issued in CGN form may be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the 
Tranche to a Common Depositary. 
If the Global Note is a CGN, upon the initial deposit of a Global Note with a common depositary for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the “Common Depositary”), Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will credit 
each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed 
and paid. If the Global Note is a NGN, the nominal amount of the Notes shall be the aggregate amount from 
time to time entered in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. The records of such clearing 
system shall be conclusive evidence of the nominal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note and a 
statement issued by such clearing system at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant 
clearing system at that time. 
Notes that are initially deposited with the Common Depositary may also be credited to the accounts of 
subscribers with (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect 
accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, Notes 
that are initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of 
subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or other clearing systems. 
2 
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other permitted 
clearing system (“Alternative Clearing System”) as the holder of a Note represented by a Global Note must 
look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any such Alternative Clearing System (as the case may 
be) for his share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note and in relation to all 
other rights arising under the Global Notes, subject to and in accordance with the respective rules and 
procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, or such Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be). 
Such persons shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due on the Notes for so long 
as the Notes are represented by such Global Note and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by 
payment to the bearer of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. 
3 
Exchange 
3.1 
Temporary Global Notes 
Each temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange 
Date: 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicate that such Global Note is issued in compliance with the C 
Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see “General Description 
of the Programme – Selling Restrictions”), in whole, but not in part, for the Definitive Notes 
defined and described below; and

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
(ii) 
otherwise, in whole or in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form 
set out in the Agency Agreement for interests in a permanent Global Note or, if so provided in 
the relevant Final Terms, for Definitive Notes. 
3.2 
Permanent Global Notes 
Each permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange 
Date in whole but not, except as provided under paragraph 3.3 below, in part for Definitive Notes: 
(i) 
if the permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or an 
Alternative Clearing System and any such clearing system is closed for business for a continuous 
period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an 
intention permanently to cease business or in fact does so; or  
(ii) 
if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due,  
in each case by the holder giving notice to the Fiscal Agent of its election for such exchange. 
In the event that a Global Note is exchanged for Definitive Notes, such Definitive Notes shall be issued 
in Specified Denomination(s) only. A Noteholder who holds a nominal amount of less than the minimum 
Specified Denomination will not receive a Definitive Note in respect of such holding and would need to 
purchase a nominal amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal to one or more Specified 
Denominations. 
3.3 
Partial Exchange of Permanent Global Notes 
For so long as a permanent Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system and the rules of that 
clearing system permit, such permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in part on one or more 
occasions for Definitive Notes if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due. 
3.4 
Delivery of Notes 
If the Global Note is a CGN, on or after any due date for exchange, the holder of a Global Note may 
surrender such Global Note or, in the case of a partial exchange, present it for endorsement to or to the 
order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Global Note, or the part thereof to be exchanged, the 
Issuer will (i) in the case of a temporary Global Note exchangeable for a permanent Global Note, deliver, 
or procure the delivery of, a permanent Global Note in an aggregate nominal amount equal to that of the 
whole or that part of a temporary Global Note that is being exchanged or, in the case of a subsequent 
exchange, endorse, or procure the endorsement of, a permanent Global Note to reflect such exchange or 
(ii) in the case of a Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes, deliver, or procure the delivery of, 
an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Notes or (iii) if the 
Global Note is a NGN, procure that details of such exchange be entered pro rata in the records of the 
relevant clearing system. In this Base Prospectus, “Definitive Notes” means, in relation to any Global 
Note, the Definitive Notes for which such Global Note may be exchanged (if appropriate, having 
attached to them all Coupons in respect of interest that has not already been paid on the Global Note and 
a Talon). Definitive Notes will be security printed in accordance with any applicable legal and stock 
exchange requirements in or substantially in the form set out in the Schedules to the Agency Agreement. 
On exchange in full of each permanent Global Note, the Issuer will, if the holder so requests, procure 
that it is cancelled and returned to the holder together with the relevant Definitive Notes.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
3.5 
Exchange Date 
“Exchange Date” means, in relation to a temporary Global Note, the day falling after the expiry of 40 
days after its issue date and, in relation to a permanent Global Note, a day falling not less than 60 days, 
or in the case of failure to pay principal in respect of any Notes when due 30 days, after that on which 
the notice requiring exchange is given and on which banks are open for business in the city in which the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent is located and in the city in which the relevant clearing system is 
located. 
4 
Amendment to Conditions 
The temporary Global Notes and the permanent Global Notes contain provisions that apply to the Notes that 
they represent, some of which modify the effect of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out in this Base 
Prospectus. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
4.1 
Payments 
No payment falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any Global Note unless exchange for 
an interest in a permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments on any temporary Global Note issued in compliance with the D Rules before the Exchange 
Date will only be made against presentation of certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the 
form set out in the Agency Agreement. All payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Note 
in CGN form will be made against presentation for endorsement and, if no further payment falls to be 
made in respect of the Notes, surrender of that Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent or such 
other Paying Agent as shall have been notified to the Noteholders for such purpose. If the Global Note 
is a CGN, a record of each payment so made will be endorsed on each Global Note, which endorsement 
will be prima facie evidence that such payment has been made in respect of the Notes. If the Global Note 
is a NGN, the Issuer shall procure that details of each such payment shall be entered pro rata in the 
records of the relevant clearing system and in the case of payments of principal, the nominal amount of 
the Notes recorded in the records of the relevant clearing system and represented by the Global Note 
will be reduced accordingly. Payments under a NGN will be made to its holder. Each payment so made 
will discharge the Issuer’s obligations in respect thereof. Any failure to make the entries in the records 
of the relevant clearing system shall not affect such discharge. For the purpose of any payments made in 
respect of a Global Note, the relevant place of presentation shall be disregarded in the definition of 
“business day” set out in Condition 8(g) (Non-Business Days). 
4.2 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer in respect of Notes will become void unless it is presented for payment within 
a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate 
Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 9). 
4.3 
Meetings 
The holder of a permanent Global Note shall (unless such permanent Global Note represents only one 
Note) be treated as being one person for the purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of 
Noteholders and, at any such meeting, the holder of a permanent Global Note shall be treated as having 
one vote in respect of each integral currency unit of the Specified Currency of the Notes.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
4.4 
Cancellation 
Cancellation of any Note represented by a permanent Global Note that is required by the Conditions to 
be cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by reduction in the nominal amount of the 
relevant permanent Global Note. 
4.5 
Purchase 
The Issuer and any of its subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise 
at any price (provided that they are purchased together with the rights to receive all future payments of 
interest (if any) thereon). Any purchase by tender shall be made available to all Noteholders alike. The 
Notes so purchased, while held by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries, shall not entitle 
the holder to vote at any meetings of the Noteholders and shall not be deemed to be outstanding for the 
purposes of calculating quorums at meetings of Noteholders or for the purposes of Condition 12(a). 
4.6 
Issuer’s Option 
Any option of the Issuer provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are represented 
by a permanent Global Note shall be exercised by the Issuer giving notice to the Noteholders within the 
time limits set out in and containing the information required by the Conditions, except that the notice 
shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of Notes drawn in the case of a partial exercise of an 
option and, accordingly, no drawing of Notes shall be required. In the event that any option of the Issuer 
is exercised in respect of some but not all of the Notes of any Series, the rights of accountholders with a 
clearing system in respect of the Notes will be governed by the standard procedures of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as 
either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) or any other Alternative 
Clearing System (as the case may be). 
4.7 
Noteholders’ Options 
Any option of the Noteholders provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are 
represented by a permanent Global Note may be exercised by the holder of the permanent Global Note 
giving notice to the Fiscal Agent within the time limits relating to the deposit of Notes with a Paying 
Agent set out in the Conditions substantially in the form of the notice available from any Paying Agent, 
except that the notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of the Notes in respect of which 
the option has been exercised, and stating the nominal amount of Notes in respect of which the option is 
exercised and at the same time, where the permanent Global Note is a CGN, presenting the permanent 
Global Note to the Fiscal Agent, or to a Paying Agent acting on behalf of the Fiscal Agent, for notation. 
Where the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer shall procure that details of such exercise shall be entered 
pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system and the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in 
those records will be reduced accordingly. 
4.8 
NGN nominal amount 
Where the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer shall procure that any exchange, payment, cancellation, 
exercise of any option or any right under the Notes, as the case may be, in addition to the circumstances 
set out above shall be entered in the records of the relevant clearing systems and upon any such entry 
being made, in respect of payments of principal, the nominal amount of the Notes represented by such 
Global Note shall be adjusted accordingly.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
4.9 
Events of Default 
Each Global Note provides that the holder may cause such Global Note, or a portion of it, to become 
due and repayable in the circumstances described in Condition 11 by stating in the notice to the Fiscal 
Agent the nominal amount of such Global Note that is becoming due and repayable. If principal in 
respect of any Note is not paid when due, the holder of a Global Note may elect for direct enforcement 
rights against the Issuer under the terms of a Deed of Covenant executed as a deed by the Issuer on 10 
May 2024 to come into effect in relation to the whole or a part of such Global Note in favour of the 
persons entitled to such part of such Global Note as accountholders with a clearing system. Following 
any such acquisition of direct rights, the Global Note will become void as to the specified portion.  
4.10 
Notices 
So long as any Notes are represented by a Global Note and such Global Note is held on behalf of a 
clearing system, notices to the holders of Notes of that Series may be given by delivery of the relevant 
notice to that clearing system for communication by it to entitled accountholders in substitution for 
publication as required by the Conditions or by delivery of the relevant notice to the holder of the Global 
Note, except that so long as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market 
and the rules of that exchange so require, notices shall also be published either on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) or in a leading newspaper having general circulation in 
Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort). 
5 
Electronic Consent and Written Resolution 
While any Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system, then:  
(a) 
approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer given by way of electronic consents communicated 
through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with 
their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal 
amount of the Notes outstanding (an “Electronic Consent” as defined in the Agency Agreement) shall, 
for all purposes (including matters that would otherwise require an Extraordinary Resolution to be 
passed at a meeting for which the Special Quorum, as defined in the Agency Agreement, was satisfied), 
take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held, 
and shall be binding on all Noteholders and holders of Coupons and Talons whether or not they 
participated in such Electronic Consent; and  
(a) 
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a Written 
Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) has been validly passed, the Issuer shall be entitled to 
rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer by (a) accountholders in the clearing 
system with entitlements to such Global Note and/or, where (b) the accountholders hold any such 
entitlement on behalf of another person, on written consent from or written instruction by the person 
identified by that accountholder as the person for whom such entitlement is held. For the purpose of 
establishing the entitlement to give any such consent or instruction, the Issuer shall be entitled to rely on 
any certificate or other document issued by, in the case of (a) above, Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any other relevant alternative clearing system (the “relevant clearing system”) and, in 
the case of (b) above, the relevant clearing system and the accountholder identified by the relevant 
clearing system for the purposes of (b) above. Any resolution passed in such manner shall be binding on 
all Noteholders and Couponholders, even if the relevant consent or instruction proves to be defective. 
Any such certificate or other document may comprise any form of statement or print out of electronic 
records provided by the relevant clearing system (including Euroclear’s EUCLID or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg’s CreationOnline system) in accordance with its usual procedures and in which the

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
accountholder of a particular principal or nominal amount of the Notes is clearly identified together with 
the amount of such holding. The Issuer shall not be liable to any person by reason of having accepted as 
valid or not having rejected any certificate or other document to such effect purporting to be issued by 
any such person and subsequently found to be forged or not authentic.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
An amount equivalent to the net proceeds from the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be applied by the Issuer: 
(a) for the general corporate purposes of the Group, including the repayment of existing indebtedness of 
the Group; 
(b) to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Projects, in which case the relevant Notes 
will be identified as “Green Bonds” in the title of the Notes in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(c) as otherwise specified, in respect of any particular issue of Notes, in the applicable Final Terms in 
the section entitled “Reasons for the Offer”. 
See section “The Group’s Green Financing Framework” for more details on Notes issued as “Green Bonds” 
under the Programme. See also “Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Notes—Notes issued as Green Bonds with a 
specific use of proceeds may not meet investor expectations or requirements”.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
INFORMATION ON THE COMPANY 
Incorporation and Status 
The Company was incorporated in Spain on 25 March 2014 pursuant to the Spanish Companies Act as a public 
limited company (a sociedad anónima or S.A.) under the name MERLIN Properties, S.A., subsequently changed to 
MERLIN Properties, SOCIMI, S.A. upon election of the SOCIMI Regime. The Company is incorporated for an 
unlimited term and operates under the laws of Spain. The registered office of the Company is at Paseo de la 
Castellana, 257, 28046 Madrid, Spain and the telephone number is +34 917875530. The Company is registered with 
the Madrid Commercial Registry at volume (tomo) 32,065, sheet (folio) 206 and page (hoja) M 577086. 
The Company is the parent company of the Group. 
Share Capital 
As at 31 December 2023, the share capital of the Company amounted to €469,770,750 represented by 469,770,750 
shares with a nominal value of €1 per share. The shares of the Company were admitted to trading 30 June 2014 and 
are traded on the Spanish electronic trading system (mercado continuo) on the four Spanish Stock Exchanges 
(Madrid, Barcelona, Bilbao and Valencia). The Company forms part of the Ibex 35 index. Additionally, on 15 January 
2020, the shares of the Company were admitted to trading on Euronext Lisbon under a dual listing regime. 
Principal Shareholders 
As at 31 December 2023, the largest shareholders of the Company were Blackrock Inc. with a shareholding of 5.0%, 
according to the information disclosed on the webpage of the Spanish Securities Market Commission (Comisión 
Nacional de Mercado de Valores), Manuel Lao Hernández with a shareholding of 8.2% and Banco Santander, S.A. 
with a shareholding of 24.6%, as obtained from the Shareholders Register (Libro de Registro de Accionistas).  
Except for the major shareholders mentioned above, there are no other persons that have major holdings within the 
meaning of Article 8 or Article 9 of the Luxembourg law of 11 January 2008 on transparency requirements for issuers 
of securities, as amended. 
History 
For information on the history of the Group, please refer to the section entitled “Information on the Group – History” 
in this Base Prospectus. 
Principal activities 
For a description of the principal activities of the Group, please refer to the section titled “Information on the Group” 
in this Base Prospectus. 
Management  
Board of Directors  
The following table sets forth the name, title and principal activities outside the Group of each member of the Board 
of Directors of the Company as of the date of this Base Prospectus.  
Name 
Title 
Principal activities outside the 
Group  
Mr. Ismael Clemente Orrego ............................................  
Executive Vice-
Chairman 
Director of Ardim, S.A., Ardim 
Casa Port I, S.àr.l., SICAR, Diars 
Tamouda, S.àr.l., LV Bureau, 
S.A., MAGIC Real Estate, S.L.,

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
Name 
Title 
Principal activities outside the 
Group  
Proargos Tánger, S.A. (under 
insolvency proceedings), Prodec 
Immobilier, Sci and RREEF 
Moroccan Explorer I, S.A.  
Mr. Javier García-Carranza Benjumea ..............................  
Non-Executive 
Chairman 
Group Senior Executive Vice-
President of Banco Santander. 
Member of the boards of 
directors of Metrovacesa, S.A., 
LandCompany 2020, S.L., Deva 
Capital Holding Company, S.L., 
Deva Capital Management 
Company, S.L., Tresmares 
Santander Direct Lending SICC, 
S.A., Laparanza, S.A. 
(representing Altamira Santander 
Real Estate, S.A.), Alder 
Property, S.L. (joint director) and 
Trustee of the Princess of 
Asturias Foundation. 
Mr. Miguel Ollero Barrera ................................................  
Executive 
Director 
Director of Ardim Casa Port I, 
S.àr.l., Ardim, S.A., SICAR, 
Diars Tamouda, S.àr.l., LV 
Bureau, S.A., MAGIC Real 
Estate, S.L., Proargos Tánger, 
S.A. (under insolvency 
proceedings), Prodec Immobilier, 
Sci and RREEF Moroccan 
Explorer I, S.A. 
Ms. Francisca Ortega Hernández-Agero ..........................  
Non-Executive 
Proprietary 
Director 
Director of PBI Gestión Agencia 
de Valores and Elecnor, S.A. and 
member of the Audit Committee. 
Ms. Pilar Cavero Mestre ...................................................  
Non-Executive 
Independent 
Director 
Founding partner and Head of the 
Labour and Employment 
Department of Cuatrecasas and 
co-founding partner of 
Cuatrecasas Madrid.  
Mr. Juan María Aguirre Gonzalo ......................................  
Non-Executive 
Independent 
Director 
Partner and Managing Director of 
Quantica Asesores, S.A. Director 
of Sacyr, S.A. and member of the

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
Name 
Title 
Principal activities outside the 
Group  
Executive Committee, 
Coordinator Director and 
President of the Audit 
Committee, Director of Inverbio 
SGIIC, S.A., President of 
Mantbraca España, S.L., 
President of EOMG Group and 
Director of Cross Road Biotech.  
Ms. Ana García Fau ..........................................................  
Non-Executive 
Independent 
Director 
Director of Gestamp 
Automoción, S.A. and President 
of the Audit Committee, Director 
of Cellnex Telecom and President 
of the Audit Committee, Director 
of JDEPeet’s and member of the 
Audit Committee and the 
Sustainability Committee, Non-
Executive President of Finerge, 
S.A. and President of the 
Nomination and Compensation 
Committee. 
Mr. Fernando Ortiz Vaamonde..........................................  
Non-Executive 
Independent 
Director 
Managing Partner and Chairman 
of ProA Capital de Inversiones, 
SGECR, S.A., Director of Avizor, 
S.A., SABA Infraestructuras, 
S.A., Eugin, S.A., Moyca Grapes, 
S.L., Pastas Gallo, Grupo Vips, 
IsEazy, SOLITUM and La Casa 
de las Carcasas. 
Ms. María Luisa Jordá Castro ...........................................  
Non-Executive 
Independent 
Director 
Director of Orange España, S.A. 
and member of the Audit 
Committee, Director and member 
of the Audit Control and 
Nominations Committee of 
Grupo Bimbo Mexico, Director 
of Bankinter, and member of the 
Risk Committee and President of 
the Audit and Regulatory 
Compliance Committee and 
President of the Technical 
Advisory Committee of the

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
Name 
Title 
Principal activities outside the 
Group  
Institute of Internal Auditors of 
Spain.  
Mr. George Donald Johnston III .......................................  
Non-Executive 
Independent 
Director 
Director of Acerinox and member 
of the Audit and Control 
Committee, member of the Board 
of Banco de Sabadell, S.A., 
President of the Risk Committee 
and member of the Remuneration 
Committee and President and 
Sole Partner of Yankee Kingdom 
Advisory, LLC. 
Mr. Emilio Novela Berlín .................................................  
Non-Executive 
Independent 
Director 
Lead Director of Talgo and 
Chairman of its Audit 
Committee. 
Ms. Julia Bayón Pedraza ..................................................  
Non-Executive 
Proprietary 
Director 
Director of the Business Legal 
Department, Deputy Secretary of 
the Board of Directors of Banco 
Santander and Member of the 
Boards of Directors of Banco 
Santander Peru and 
Landcompany 2020, S.L.U. 
Mr. Juan Antonio Alcaraz García ......................................  
Non-Executive 
Proprietary 
Director 
Chairman of the Spanish 
Association of Executives, 
member of the Board of Trustees 
of the Tervalis Foundation and 
member of the Advisory Board of 
the Universitat Internacional de 
Catalunya and Managing 
Director of Nortia Capital 
Investment Holding. 
Ms. Inès Archer Toper ......................................................  
Non-Executive 
Independent 
Director  
Independent Director at Gecina 
and Independent Director of 
Cofinimmo (Belgium) 
The business address of each of the members of the Board of Directors at the date of this Base Prospectus is Paseo 
de la Castellana 257, 28046 Madrid, Spain.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
Conflicts of Interest  
The Legacy Mandates  
Mr. Ismael Clemente (Executive Vice-Chairman & CEO) and Mr. Miguel Ollero (Corporate General Manager/COO) 
are two of the four managers of the Company that are defined as key employees pursuant to several contracts entered 
into between MAGIC Real Estate, S.L. (“MAGIC Real Estate”) and third parties (the “MAGIC Contracts Key 
Employees”). Mr. Luis Lázaro (Asset Management) and Mr. Miguel Oñate (Asset Management) are the other 
managers of the Company who are MAGIC Contracts Key Employees. The MAGIC Contracts Key Employees 
devote part of their time to the supervision and management of certain assets ultimately managed by MAGIC Real 
Estate under the agreements on Delegated Management (where MAGIC Real Estate has an agreement with the asset 
manager) and on Separate Accounts Management (where MAGIC Real Estate has an agreement with the asset holder) 
(together, the “Legacy Mandates”) as described in the following paragraphs. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Legacy Mandates are as follows: 
RREEF Moroccan Explorer I, S.A., SICAR 
MAGIC Real Estate is the delegated manager of this investment vehicle, which is fully invested, has targeted 
opportunistic investments in Morocco, mainly focused on the development of social housing. The day-to-day 
management of the assets acquired is performed by an ad hoc local platform, Ardim, with its own employee base. 
The assets managed include projects in Tetuan, Fez, Casablanca and Tangier. 
Separate Accounts Management 
Loans Portfolio 
MAGIC Real Estate manages a portfolio of both performing and non-performing loans, comprising loans with 
underlying real estate assets. The management of the loan positions is carried out by MAGIC Real Estate by virtue 
of an agreement entered into with Deutsche Bank AG. 
Martel Investments  
Martel Investments is a private company devoted to residential development that is currently implementing one 
project for first-time buyers. Paseo de la Habana 75 is located in Paseo de la Habana, Madrid. The project 
management of Paseo de la Habana 75 is carried out by MAGIC Real Estate by virtue of an agreement entered into 
with Martell Investments under which MAGIC Real Estate manages all aspects of the rented residential development.  
A breakdown of the relevant MAGIC Contracts Key Employees as of the date of this Base Prospectus is set forth 
below: 
Key Employees 
DB Real Estate
Iberian Value 
Added I, S.A.,
SICAR 
RREEF 
Moroccan 
Explorer 
I, S.A., 
SICAR 
Fidere
group 
Loans 
Portfolio 
Ismael Clemente ........................................................ 
Yes 
Yes 
Yes 
Yes 
Miguel Ollero ............................................................ 
No 
No 
Yes 
Yes

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
Mr. Ismael Clemente and Mr. Miguel Ollero believe that the Legacy Mandates do not create conflicts of interest with 
respect to the Group or the Business Strategy as the Legacy Mandates are primarily concentrated on rented residential 
properties, non-performing loans, non-Iberian assets or assets in the Opportunistic/Value Added segments, 
respectively. The MAGIC Contracts Key Employees are active in the Core and Core Plus segments of the real estate 
market in Spain and Portugal on an exclusive basis for the Group. 
Based on the representations of the Company’s other Directors, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Company 
believes there are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties owed by the Directors of the Company to the 
Company and their respective private interests and/or other duties.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
INFORMATION ON THE GROUP 
History  
The Company is a Spanish real estate company and the largest Spanish REIT listed on the Spanish Stock Exchanges 
in terms of market capitalisation. The Company was incorporated on 25 March 2014 and its principal activity is the 
acquisition (directly or indirectly), active management, operation and selective rotation of Commercial Property 
Assets in the Core and Core Plus segments, such as offices, shopping centres, logistics and data centres primarily in 
Spain, and to a lesser extent, in Portugal. The Company aims to generate returns to its shareholders through the 
distribution of a cash-on-cash dividend and the value enhancement of its Assets. The Company elected to join the 
SOCIMI Regime in 2014. 
The Company’s shares were admitted to listing on the regulated market of the Spanish Stock Exchanges and to 
trading through the SIBE of the Spanish Stock Exchanges on 30 June 2014. The Company raised net proceeds of 
€1,292 million in its initial public offering, and a further €614 million, €1,034 million and €1,673 million in capital 
increases in May 2015, August 2015 and September 2016, respectively. 
On 3 July 2014, the Company completed its first acquisition when it purchased Tree Inversiones Inmobiliarias 
SOCIMI, S.A. (“Tree”), a company which owns and operates branches and buildings fully leased to the international 
Spanish banking group BBVA. The Company continued to expand its portfolio at a steady pace between July 2014 
and June 2015, with the acquisitions of several Assets (including various offices, logistics assets and a shopping 
centre) and its growth peaked with the acquisition of Testa, a sizeable, best in class real estate platform, which allowed 
the Company to expand its footprint and build critical mass in the office, logistics and retail segments, becoming the 
reference real estate player in Spain.  
On 21 June 2016, the Company, Testa Inmuebles en Renta, SOCIMI, S.A and Testa Residencial SOCIMI, S.A. 
(“Testa Residencial”) signed an integration agreement with Metrovacesa, S.A. (“Metrovacesa”) and its principal 
shareholders. The transaction was structured through the total spin-off (escisión total) of Metrovacesa (the “Spin-
Off”), resulting in the dissolution of that company and the division of its assets into three business units. 
Metrovacesa’s residential real estate rental assets and associated liabilities were acquired by Testa Residencial, which 
had been a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company prior to the Spin-Off. As a result of this transaction, the former 
shareholders of Metrovacesa acquired the majority of the share capital of Testa Residencial. This loss of control 
resulted in the deconsolidation of Testa Residencial from the Group. 
On 14 September 2018, the Company entered into an agreement with Tropic Real Estate Holding, S.L. (“Tropic”), 
a company managed by Blackstone real estate investment funds, pursuant to which the Company agreed to transfer 
all the shares it held in Testa Residencial to Tropic. 
On 1 February 2022, the Company submitted a selling proposal to BBVA for 100% of the shares of Tree, excluding 
the financial liabilities of Tree, for an amount totalling €1.987 billion, which BBVA accepted on 1 April 2022. On 15 
June 2022, after obtaining the approval of the National Commission on Markets and Competition (Comisión 
Nacional de los Mercados y la Competencia), the sale and purchase agreement of Tree was notarised and the 
Company therefore transferred the ownership of Tree to BBVA.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
The Company is the parent company of the Group. Set forth below is an organisational chart of the Group as at the date of this Base Prospectus:

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
KPIs  
The Group’s Assets consist of real estate assets primarily in the offices, shopping centres and logistics segments. As 
at 31 December 2023, the Assets had a GAV of approximately €11.270 billion (based on the Valuation), a GRI of 
€476 million, an aggregate GLA above ground of 3,175 ksqm and a gross yield of 5.1% calculated over the aggregate 
market value as per the Valuation.  
Certain of the following key performance indicators constitute APMs as defined in the ESMA Guidelines as detailed 
in the footnotes to the tables below. The Company considers that these metrics provide useful information for 
investors, securities analysts and other interested parties in order to better understand the underlying business, the 
financial position, cash flows and the results of operations of the Group. Such APMs are not audited and are not 
measures required, or presented in accordance with, IFRS-EU. Accordingly, they should not be considered substitutes 
to the information contained in the audited consolidated financial statements of the Company as of and for the year 
ended 31 December 2023 incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or to any performance measures prepared 
in accordance with IFRS-EU. Accordingly, investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these APMs.  
Furthermore, these APMs, as used by the Company, may not be comparable to other similar titled measures used by 
other companies. Investors should not consider such APMs in isolation, as alternative to the information calculated 
in accordance with IFRS-EU, as indications of operating performance or as measures of the Company’s profitability 
or liquidity. Such APMs must be considered only in addition to, and not as a substitute for, or superior to, financial 
information prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU and investors are advised to review these APMs in conjunction 
with the audited consolidated financial statements of the Company as of and for the year ended 31 December 2023 
incorporated by reference to this Base Prospectus.  
The Company considers that the APMs contained in this Base Prospectus comply with the ESMA Guidelines. 
The following is a table of the key performance indicators of the Group’s Assets (not including minority stakes) by 
asset class as at 31 December 2023:   
(€ million, unless 
otherwise indicated) 
Offices 
Shopping 
centres 
Logistics 
Data Centres 
Others(1) 
Total 
Number of Assets 
120 
12 
54 
3 
29 
218 
% of total
55.0% 
5.5% 
24.8% 
1.4% 
13.3% 
100% 
GAV - EPRA Yield(2) 
6,191 
2,006 
1,410 
342 
648 
10,596 
% of total
58.4% 
18.9% 
13.3% 
3.2% 
6.1% 
100% 
Gross Rental Income 
254.8 
125.8 
80.3 
0.5 
14.2 
475.6 
% of total
53.6% 
26.4% 
16.9% 
0.1% 
3.0% 
100% 
“Topped Up” Net Rents(3) 
230.2 
112.0 
78.8 
n.a. 
12.2 
433.1 
% of total
53.2% 
25.8% 
18.2% 
n.a 
2.8% 
100% 
Net Rents(4)  
214.7 
102.0 
75.5 
n.a. 
12.8 
403.7 
% of total
53.0% 
25.2% 
18.6% 
n.a. 
3.2% 
100% 
Gross Yield(5) 
4.7% 
6.1% 
5.6% 
n.a. 
4.9% 
5.1% 
EPRA Net Initial Yield(6) 
3.9% 
5.1% 
5.0% 
n.a. 
4.4% 
4.3%

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
(€ million, unless 
otherwise indicated) 
Offices 
Shopping 
centres 
Logistics 
Data Centres 
Others(1) 
Total 
Total GLA (ksqm)(7) 
1,157 
431 
1,463 
62 
61 
3,175 
% of total
36.5% 
13.6% 
46.1% 
2.0% 
1.9% 
100% 
Occupancy Rate 
92.5% 
96.2% 
99.0% 
n.a. 
98.0% 
96.2% 
WAULT by Rent Years(8) 
3.3 
2.3 
3.1 
11.0 
6.6 
3.2 
 
Notes: 
(1) 
Others includes Logistics WIP, hotels, land for development, non-core land and miscellaneous.  
(2) 
GAV – EPRA Yield based on market value as at 31 December 2023, excluding minority stakes.  
(3) 
“Topped Up” Net Rents deducts from gross rental income direct property expenses non rechargeable to tenants. 
(4) 
Net Rents deducts from gross rental income incentives, collection loss and property expenses not recharged to tenants. 
(5) 
Gross Yield is calculated dividing annualised gross rental income by GAV. See Appendix V to the audited consolidated financial 
statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2023, which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, for a definition 
of this APM. 
(6) 
EPRA Net Initial Yield is calculated by dividing the annualised rental income based on the cash passing rents less non-recoverable 
property operating expenses by GAV. See Appendix V to the audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended 
31 December 2023, which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, for a definition of this APM. 
(7) 
GLA in operations above ground. Not including WIP, land or minority stakes. 
(8) 
WAULT by Rent Years means the weighted average unexpired lease term, calculated as of 31 December 2023. See Appendix V to the 
consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2023, which is incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus, for a definition of this APM. 
 
The following is a table of the key performance indicators of the Group’s Assets (not including minority stakes) by 
asset class as at 31 December 2022:  
(€ million, unless 
otherwise indicated) 
Offices 
Shopping centres 
Logistics 
Data Centres 
Others(1) 
Total 
Number of Assets 
120 
14 
55 
n.a. 
30 
219 
% of total
54.8% 
6.4% 
25.1% 
n.a. 
13.7% 
100.0% 
GAV - EPRA Yield(2) 
6,388 
2,135 
1,400 
n.a. 
763 
10,685 
% of total
59.8% 
20.0% 
13.1% 
n.a. 
7.1% 
100.0% 
Gross Rental Income 
242.7 
123.8 
73.6 
n.a. 
12.7 
452.8 
% of total
53.6% 
27.3% 
16.2% 
n.a. 
2.8% 
100.0% 
“Topped Up” Net Rents(3) 
214.9 
106.5 
71.4 
n.a. 
11.1 
403.9 
% of total
53.2% 
26.4% 
17.7% 
n.a. 
2.7% 
100.0% 
Net Rents(4)  
202.5 
97.4 
68.3 
n.a. 
10.9 
379.0 
% of total
53.4% 
25.7% 
18.0% 
n.a. 
2.9% 
100.0% 
Gross Yield(5) 
4.4% 
5.8% 
5.2% 
n.a. 
3.9% 
4.7% 
EPRA Net Initial Yield(6) 
3.8% 
4.8% 
4.6% 
n.a. 
3.4% 
4.1% 
Total GLA (ksqm)(7) 
1,173 
461 
1,484 
n.a. 
65 
3,183 
% of total
36.9% 
14.5% 
46.6% 
n.a. 
2.0% 
100.0%

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
(€ million, unless 
otherwise indicated) 
Offices 
Shopping centres 
Logistics 
Data Centres 
Others(1) 
Total 
Occupancy Rate 
92.5% 
95.0% 
97.0% 
n.a. 
97.3% 
95.1% 
WAULT by Rent Years(8) 
3.3 
2.2 
3.7 
n.a. 
7.2 
3.2 
 
Notes: 
(1) 
Others includes Logistics WIP, hotels, land for development, non-core land and miscellaneous.  
(2) 
GAV – EPRA Yield based on market value as at 31 December 2022, excluding minority stakes.  
(3) 
“Topped Up” Net Rents deducts from gross rental income direct property expenses non rechargeable to tenants. 
(4) 
Net Rents deducts from gross rental income incentives, collection loss and property expenses not recharged to tenants. 
(5) 
Gross Yield is calculated dividing annualised gross rental income by GAV. See Appendix V to the audited consolidated financial 
statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022, which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, for a definition 
of this APM. 
(6) 
EPRA Net Initial Yield is calculated by dividing the annualised rental income based on the cash passing rents less non-recoverable 
property operating expenses by GAV. See Appendix V to the audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended 
31 December 2022, which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, for a definition of this APM. 
(7) 
GLA in operations above ground. Not including WIP, land or minority stakes. 
(8) 
WAULT by Rent Years means the weighted average unexpired lease term, calculated as of 31 December 2022. See Appendix V to the 
consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022, which is incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus, for a definition of this APM. 
The Group’s Business Strategy 
The strategy pillars 
The Group’s principal objective is to generate sustainable returns to shareholders through the acquisition (directly or 
indirectly), focused management, operation and selective rotation of Commercial Property Assets in the Core and 
Core Plus segments. The business model stands on the following four pillars: 
- 
Activity. The Company is a diversified REIT, operating in Spain and, to a lesser extent, in Portugal (with a 
maximum limit of 25% of Total GAV), inspired by the best practices set by REITs in the United States. Most 
of the Group’s office and logistics assets are located in Madrid and Barcelona, although the Group may also 
consider other major urban clusters. As for Portugal, the Company primarily focuses on acquiring assets 
located in Lisbon. 
- 
Assets. The Company focuses on high quality, Core and Core Plus Commercial Property Assets, mainly 
offices, shopping centres, logistics and data centres. Selective development focused on AAA buildings given 
the scarcity of this product class in the domestic market. 
- 
Capital structure. The Company takes a conservative approach to capital structure, with a maximum 50% 
LTV on a portfolio basis. 
- 
Management. The Management Team’s main goal is to maximise the profitability potential of the existing 
portfolio, with the additional aim of enhancing quality and returns through new acquisitions. It has an 
additional focus on undermanaged properties with upside potential. With regard to the rotation of assets, the 
Company prioritises the disposal of obsolete assets without rental growth potential.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
Strategy for management of assets 
A central part of the Group’s Business Strategy is the Management Team’s intention to improve income profiles and 
add value to the Group’s Assets through active management techniques which would include (as applicable): 
 
renegotiating or surrendering leases; 
 
improving lease lengths and tenant profile; 
 
undertaking physical improvements; 
 
improving layouts and space efficiency of specific assets; 
 
changing the tenant mix of certain properties; 
 
maintaining dialogue with tenants to assess their requirements; 
 
taking advantage of planning opportunities; 
 
repositioning and upgrading assets; 
 
selective development and/or refurbishment; and 
 
debt refinancing. 
Overview of the Group’s Business 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Group’s Assets are held in the following four core business lines: 
 
Offices; 
 
Shopping Centres;  
 
Logistics; and 
 
Data Centres. 
The Company instructs independent appraisers at least every twelve months to prepare a valuation of the Group’s 
Assets. 
As of 31 December 2023, the market value of the Group’s Assets was approximately €11.270 billion (based on the 
Valuation) compared to €11.317 billion as at 31 December 2022. The Valuation has been carried out by independent 
appraisers as at 31 December 2023 and sets out the market value of the property according to the Professional 
Standards and Valuation Practice Statements contained in the RICS Red Book, which is defined as the estimated 
amount for which a property should exchange on the date of valuation between a willing buyer and a willing seller 
in an arm’s length transaction after proper marketing wherein the parties had each acted knowledgeably, prudently 
and without compulsion. 
The Company has a broad and diversified tenant base. The Company’s top ten tenants, representing 21% of 
annualised gross rental income as of 31 December 2023, are the following: Endesa, Inditex, Comunidad de Madrid, 
Técnicas Reunidas, Hotusa, PwC, BPI, Logista, Indra and IBM. 
Offices 
The Company’s strategy for this asset class is to focus on prime properties located in Madrid, Barcelona, and, to a 
lesser extent, Lisbon, prioritising class-A tenant relationships providing long term cash flow security and visibility.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
Asset rotation is limited in this asset category. As at 31 December 2023, the Group owned and operated 107 office 
buildings, with a GAV of €6.191 billion. The Group’s most relevant assets by location in this asset class are:  
Asset 
Location 
GLA (sqm) 
Main tenant 
Ribera del Loira, 60 
Madrid 
54,960 
Endesa 
Adequa 
Madrid 
75,545 
Técnicas Reunidas, EDP 
Ruiz Picasso, 11 
Madrid 
36,899 
IBM, SAP, WTW 
Torre Glòries (Avenida Diagonal, 211) 
Barcelona 
37,614 
Oracle, CCC (Facebook) 
Avenida de Bruselas, 33 
Madrid 
33,718 
Indra 
Tower Castellana, 259 
Madrid 
21,390 
PWC 
Monumental (Fontes Pereira de Melo, 51) 
Lisbon 
25,385 
BPI 
Art 
Lisbon 
22,150 
BNP Paribas 
Puerta de las Naciones 
Madrid 
39,150 
Roche Farma, Ferrovial 
Agroman 
PE Poblenou 22@ 
Barcelona 
31,337 
Schneider Electric 
Shopping Centres 
The Company’s strategy for this asset class is to focus on dominant destination centres with the right tenant mix to 
protect against any changes in the retail landscape, and prime urban malls with barriers to entry for potential 
competition. Geographically, the Company invests in the strongest economic areas in Spain. The Company extracts 
value out of its portfolio through the implementation of selective repositioning capital expenditure programmes to 
maximise footfall and occupancy. As at 31 December 2023, the Group owned and operated 13 shopping centres, with 
a GAV of €2.006 billion and held a 50% stake in Tres Aguas shopping centre with a GAV of €70.2 million. The 
Group’s most relevant assets in this asset class are:  
Asset 
Location 
GLA (sqm) 
Main tenant 
Marineda 
A Coruña 
99,873 
Inditex, Decathlon, Primark 
Almada 
Lisbon 
60,049 
Inditex, Nos Lusomundo 
Cinemas 
X-Madrid 
Madrid 
47,120 
Ocine, Ozone 
Larios 
Málaga 
37,956 
Inditex, Primark 
Arenas 
Barcelona 
31,905 
Cinemas Balaña, Fnac 
Porto Pi 
Mallorca 
32,605 
Inditex, Casino de Mallorca 
Logistics 
The Company’s strategy for this asset class is to focus on logistics properties located in close proximity to Spain’s 
main transportation hubs. The proximity of the assets to main economic centres should help to minimise reletting 
risk. The Company is particularly interested in assets that are structured to be able to take advantage of the ongoing 
internet retail trends. As at 31 December 2023, the Group owned 98 logistics assets with a GAV of €1.410 billion.  
The Group’s most relevant assets in this asset class are:  
Asset 
Location 
GLA (sqm) 
Main tenant 
Cabanillas Park I  
Guadalajara 
315,321 
XPO, Luis Simoes, DSV, 4PX 
Barcelona-PLZF 
Barcelona 
132,100 
Correos, Alfil Logistics 
Sevilla-ZAL 
Sevilla 
138,777 
Decathlon, Amazon, Airbus 
Vitoria-Jundiz I 
Vitoria 
72,717 
XPO

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
Asset 
Location 
GLA (sqm) 
Main tenant 
A2-Cabanillas I 
Guadalajara 
70,134 
Logista 
A2-Meco II 
Meco 
(Madrid) 
59,814 
Leroy Merlin 
A4-Pinto II 
Pinto 
(Madrid) 
58,990 
Media Markt 
Data Centres 
In 2022, the Company announced its intention to expand into and focus on the data centres asset class with the 
development of four data centres in Spain and Portugal, with a maximum capacity of 236MW.  
During 2023, the Company completed and delivered to the tenant, fitted out rooms and the installation of the relevant 
equipment in its three data centres with an aggregate installed capacity of 9MW, which are located in Bilbao-Arasur, 
Madrid-Getafe and Barcelona-PLZF. In 2024, the Company also obtained the relevant licence required for the 
commencement of the works for the development of its next data centre, which will be located in Lisbon (VFX). 
The Company’s strategy for this asset class is to focus on the expected exponential growth of data traffic to establish 
itself as a key player in the Iberian Peninsula, which is set to become a data centre hub in continental Europe due to 
its submarine infrastructure that connects it with North America, South America, Europe and Africa.  
Gearing 
The Company uses gearing to seek to enhance shareholder returns over the long term. The level of gearing is carefully 
monitored by the Company in light of the risk profile of the relevant asset, the availability of generally favourable 
lending conditions and borrowing costs. The Company also has a hedging policy in place to use hedging derivatives 
where considered appropriate to mitigate interest rate and or inflation risk. The financial policy of the Company can 
be summarised as follows: 
Gearing level. It is subject to the following criteria: (i) while the Company aims to maintain a stable gearing LTV 
ratio (calculated as net debt over Total GAV) of around 40% to 50%, the aggregate amount outstanding under any 
external financing immediately following any acquisition of asset opportunities or entry into external financings 
should not exceed a maximum of 50% LTV in the long-term; (ii) debt financing for acquisitions will be assessed on 
a deal-by-deal basis, initially with reference to the capacity of the Company to support leverage and to the risk profile 
of the asset to be acquired; and (iii) debt on development properties will be, to the extent possible, ring-fenced in 
order to exclude recourse to other assets of the Group.  
As at 31 December 2023, the LTV of the Company was 35%. The Group’s other policies regarding debt are as 
follows:  
 
Minimum hedging of interest rates of 60%. 
 
Maintain portfolio encumbrance ratio below 50%. 
 
Maintain a balanced debt maturity profile. 
 
Maintain a ratio of net operating income to finance costs of at least 2.5:1. 
 
Diversification of debt financial sources through a combination of bank debt, insurance companies, debt 
and capital markets.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
The Management Team 
The management team, which carries out the day-to-day operations of the Company, including the implementation 
of the Business Strategy, currently comprises ten members: Mr. Ismael Clemente (CEO), Mr. Miguel Ollero (COO), 
Mr. Fernando Ferrero, Mr. Francisco Rivas, Mr. Manuel García Casas, Mr. Luis Lázaro, Mr. Miguel Oñate, Ms. Inés 
Arellano, Mr. Fernando Ramírez and Mr. José Navarro (together the “Management Team”). The Management Team 
consists of property and finance professionals who have extensive experience in the Spanish and Portuguese real 
estate markets and a notable track record of creating value for shareholders. The Company believes that the 
Management Team is one of the most experienced real estate management teams in Spain and Portugal, and this 
experience will provide the Group with acquisition opportunities across all of its targeted asset classes. 
The business address of each of the members of the Management Team at the date of this Base Prospectus is Paseo 
de la Castellana 257, 28046 Madrid, Spain. 
Mr. Ismael Clemente, Mr. Miguel Ollero, Mr. Luis Lázaro and Mr. Miguel Oñate are Key Employees in Legacy 
Mandates related to their former positions in MAGIC Real Estate. See “Information on the Company” for a 
discussion of the Legacy Mandates. Aside from Mr. Ismael Clemente, Mr. Miguel Ollero, Mr. Luis Lázaro and 
Mr. Miguel Oñate, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Company believes there are no potential conflicts of 
interest between any duties owed by the Management Team to the Company and their respective private interests 
and/or other duties. The members of the Management Team are required to disclose to the Board of Directors in 
writing any potential conflicts of interest. The Board of Directors will decide upon the existence of a conflict of 
interest by simple majority vote of the Directors. Executive Directors will abstain from voting when the Board of 
Directors decides upon the existence of a conflict of interest but will count toward the quorum for such a vote and 
will not frustrate such vote by failing to attend the relevant meeting. No conflict of interest has arisen as at the date 
of this Base Prospectus and therefore no disclosure in this regard by the Board of Directors has been required. 
Employees 
The number of employees of the Group as of 31 December 2023 was 266.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
THE GROUP’S GREEN FINANCING FRAMEWORK 
The Group’s Pathway to Net Zero Strategy 
Sustainability is at the core of the Group’s activities. The Group has designed an ambitious sustainability policy with 
clear targets to reduce its embodied and operational carbon emissions and to increase its renewable energy 
consumption.  
In April 2022, the Group announced its commitment to become a net zero carbon business by 2030. To that end, the 
Group launched its Pathway to Net Zero strategy, a roadmap that outlines the way to improve the performance of the 
Group itself and its assets under operational control and also the behaviour of the key agents responsible for the 
Group’s emissions throughout its value chain, including suppliers and tenants.  
The Pathway to Net Zero consists of five strategic lines of action: 
(1) Reducing operational carbon  
 
Target: 85% reduction in operational carbon emissions by 2028 (from a 2018 baseline). 
(2) Reducing embodied carbon emissions 
 
Target: Reducing embodied carbon emissions in all new developments and refurbishments with the 
following limits: 
o 
Offices: 500 kgCO2 /sqm;  
o 
Logistics: 400 kgCO2 /sqm;  
o 
Shopping Centres: 500 kgCO2 /sqm. 
(3) Offsetting unavoidable emissions 
 
Target: Carbon neutrality and any unavoidable footprint to be mostly offset against own initiatives which is 
to be duly certified.  
(4) Reducing scope 3 emissions 
 
Target: Inclusion of green clauses in all tenancy agreements (both new agreements and existing ones). Under 
such green clauses, all tenants who wish to benefit from a reduction in rent must share their consumption 
data through a technological platform. This green clause includes a series of milestones and, if achieved, 
the tenant can potentially benefit from a reduction in rent. 
(5) Renewable energy 
 
Targets: Procurement of 100% renewable energy and onsite generation of energy through photovoltaic 
energy, eventually reaching 40 MW of installed capacity. In 2023, 28 projects were carried out (4.0 MW), 
bringing the Group’s total installed capacity to 14.9 MW. 
Green Financing Framework 
The Group published its inaugural Green Financing Framework (as amended, updated and replaced from time to 
time, the “Framework”) in April 2022 as a consistent and tangible step to further align the Group’s financing strategy 
with its corporate mission, objectives and sustainability targets. The Framework was designed to support the 
Company’s strategy and is a valuable tool that the Group uses for the implementation of the strategy taking an 
integrated approach on sustainability.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
In June 2022, the Group successfully completed a consent solicitation exercise to reclassify all of its outstanding 
senior bonds into Green Bonds. In May 2024, the Group updated its Framework with the aim of: 
 
further aligning the eligibility criteria of Eligible Projects with the EU Taxonomy Regulation, where feasible 
and applicable; 
 
being among the first REITs to use its commitment for reducing embodied carbon emissions as eligibility 
criteria; 
 
introducing Carbon Risk Real Estate Monitor (“CRREM”)-Science Based Target Initiative (“SBTi”) 
decarbonisation pathways as eligibility criteria; and 
 
extending its Framework to a new category, namely data centres. 
Overview 
The Framework complies with the 2021 Green Bond Principles (“GBPs”) published by the International Capital 
Market Association (“ICMA”) and the 2023 Green Loan Principles (“GLPs”) published by the Loan Market 
Association (“LMA”) and structured along the following four core components: 
 
Use of proceeds 
 
Project selection and evaluation 
 
Management of proceeds 
 
Reporting 
The Framework covers Green Bonds as well as green loans and other financing instruments (together, “Green 
Financing Instruments”). 
Use of proceeds 
Under the Framework, the net proceeds of Green Bonds issued under the Programme will be used to finance and/or 
refinance, in whole or in part, a portfolio of Eligible Projects (the “Eligible Green Portfolio”). 
“Eligible Projects” are projects which relate to certain eligible project categories (the “Eligible Project 
Categories”) and comply with certain eligibility criteria, as further described in the Framework. Eligible project 
Categories comprise (i) the acquisition and ownership of buildings; (ii) the construction of new buildings; (iii) the 
renovation of existing buildings; (iv) individual renovation measures; and (v) data centres.  
The expenditure related to such Eligible Projects is composed of two types of expenditures: acquisition, ownership 
or development cost of the asset (“Eligible Green Asset”) and green capital expenditures (“Eligible Green Capex”) 
with: 
 
Eligible Green Assets qualifying at their appraised value without any look-back period; and 
 
Eligible Green Capex qualifying with a maximum look-back period of three years from the Issue Date of 
the relevant Green Bond.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
The following table sets forth certain information on the Eligible Project Categories and eligibility criteria for Green 
Financing Instruments (including Green Bonds) as included in the Framework: 
Eligible 
Project 
Category 
EU 
Taxonomy 
Regulation 
Economic 
Activity 
Eligibility criteria(1) 
Environmental 
Objective/Benefit 
and United 
Nations 
Sustainable 
Development 
Goals 
Contribution 
Acquisition and 
ownership of 
buildings 
7.7 
 
Buildings that have achieved one of the following certifications: 
> 
Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (“LEED”) Gold or above 
> 
Building Research Establishment Environmental Assessment (“BREEAM”) 
Excellent or above(2) 
or 
 
Aligned with the CRREM carbon emissions or energy efficiency threshold for the relevant 
segment and country 
or 
 
Substantial Contribution Criteria (“SCC”) of the EU Taxonomy Regulation: 
o 
Buildings built before 31 December 2020 with an Energy Performance Certificate  equal 
to “A”. As an alternative, the building is within the top 15% of the national or regional 
building stock expressed as operational Primary Energy Demand (“PED”) and 
demonstrated by adequate evidence, which at least compares the performance of the 
relevant asset to the performance of the national or regional stock built before 31 
December 2020 and at least distinguishes between residential and non-residential 
buildings 
o 
Buildings built after 31 December 2020, the building meets the criteria specified in 
Section 7.1 of the Framework 
o 
Where the building is a large non-residential building (with an effective rated output for 
heating systems, systems for combined space heating and ventilation, air-conditioning 
systems or systems for combined air-conditioning and ventilation of over 290 kW) it is 
efficiently operated through energy performance monitoring and assessment 
Climate Change 
Mitigation 
Greenhouse Gas 
(“GHG”) 
emissions 
reduction, energy 
savings 
Construction of 
new buildings 
7.7(3) 
 
New buildings(4) targeting to achieve the following embodied carbon emissions targets for their 
design and construction phase: 
o 
Offices: 500 kg CO2/sqm 
o 
Logistics: 400 kg CO2/sqm 
o 
Shopping centres: 500 kg CO2/sqm 
and 
 
New buildings targeting to achieve one of the following environmental certifications: 
o 
LEED Gold or above 
o 
BREEAM Excellent or above(4) 
or 
 
SCC of the EU Taxonomy Regulation: 
o 
PED is at least 10% lower than the threshold set for the nearly zero-energy building 
(NZEB) requirements in national measures implementing Directive 2010/31/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council on energy performance of buildings 
o 
For buildings >5,000 m2, the building undergoes testing for air-tightness and thermal 
integrity and any deviation in the levels of performance set at the design stage or defects 
in the building envelope are disclosed to investors and clients 
o 
For buildings >5,000 m2, the life-cycle Global Warming Potential (“GWP”) of the 
building has been calculated for each stage in the life cycle and is disclosed to investors 
Climate Change 
Mitigation 
GHG emissions 
reduction, energy 
savings

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
Eligible 
Project 
Category 
EU 
Taxonomy 
Regulation 
Economic 
Activity 
Eligibility criteria(1) 
Environmental 
Objective/Benefit 
and United 
Nations 
Sustainable 
Development 
Goals 
Contribution 
and clients on demand 
Renovation of 
existing 
buildings 
7.2  
 
Buildings(4) targeting to achieve the following embodied carbon emissions targets for their 
design and construction phase: 
o 
Offices: 500 kg CO2/sqm 
o 
Logistics: 400 kg CO2/sqm 
o 
Shopping centres: 500 kg CO2/sqm 
and 
 
Buildings targeting to achieve one of the following environmental certifications: 
o 
LEED Gold or above 
o 
BREEAM Excellent or above(4) 
or  
 
Below the CRREM carbon emissions or energy efficiency threshold applicable at least 10 years 
post completion of renovation work for the relevant segment and country 
Climate Change 
Mitigation 
GHG emissions 
reduction, energy 
savings 
 
Individual 
renovation 
measures 
7.3  
7.4 
7.5 
7.6 
Project eligibility subject to alignment with the SCC of the EU Taxonomy Regulation of activities(5): 
o 
7.3: Installation, maintenance and repair of energy efficiency equipment 
o 
7.4: Installation, maintenance and repair of charging stations for electric vehicles in 
buildings (and parking spaces attached to buildings) 
o 
7.5: Installation, maintenance and repair of instruments and devices for measuring 
regulation and controlling energy performance of buildings 
o 
7.6: Installation, maintenance and repair of renewable energy technologies  
Climate Change 
Mitigation 
GHG emissions  
reduction, energy 
savings 
 
Data Centres 
8.1.  
 
Data centres delivering industry-leading Power Usage Effectiveness (“PUE”) levels, resulting 
in significantly improved PUE levels compared to the average of similar data centres located in 
a given area (in any case, PUE below 1.5), and complying with the European Code of Conduct 
for Data Centre Energy Efficiency (when applicable) 
or  
 
SCC of the EU Taxonomy Regulation: 
o 
The activity has implemented all relevant practices listed as “expected practices” in the 
most recent version of the European Code of Conduct on Data Centre Energy Efficiency, 
or in CEN-CENELEC document CLC TR50600-99-1 “Data centre facilities and 
infrastructures – Part 99-1: Recommended practices for energy management”. An 
independent third-party verifies the implementation of practices and they are audited at least 
every three years 
o 
Where an expected practice is not considered relevant due to physical, logistical, planning 
or other constraints, an explanation of why the expected practice is not applicable or 
practical is provided. Alternative best practices from the European Code of Conduct on 
Data Centre Energy Efficiency or other equivalent sources may be identified as direct 
replacements if they result in similar energy savings 
o 
The GWP of refrigerants used in the data centre cooling system does not exceed 675 
Climate Change 
Mitigation 
GHG emissions 
reduction, energy 
savings 
 
_______________ 
Notes: 
(1) 
For each activity referencing the EU Taxonomy Regulation, the EU Taxonomy Regulation’s SCC are detailed in the EU Taxonomy 
Regulation text. The contents of this webpage do not form part of this Base Prospectus and are not incorporated by reference in it. 
(2) 
With the exception of shopping centres, for which a BREEAM Very Good certification will be required. 
(3) 
As a REIT, the Group develops buildings for its own activity to lease at delivery. As such, the construction of new buildings (activity 7.1. 
Construction of new buildings) falls under the activity 7.7. Acquisition and ownership of buildings activity (see EPRA EU Taxonomy

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
Guidelines Q&A, Question 9B). The contents of this webpage do not form part of this Base Prospectus and are not incorporated by reference 
in it. 
(4) 
Includes only buildings with a value ranging over EUR 3 million. 
(5) 
For activities 7.3., 7.4., 7.5 and 7.6 mapped against the EU Taxonomy Regulation, please refer to the corresponding EU Taxonomy 
Regulation’s SCC for climate change mitigation for eligibility criteria considered in Appendix 1 of the Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2021/2139. The contents of this webpage do not form part of this Base Prospectus and are not incorporated by reference in it. 
Project selection and evaluation 
The Group has established a working group (the “Working Group”), comprised of representatives from the Group’s 
Financing, Treasury, Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) and Investor Relations departments as well as from 
technical departments where relevant and will meet at least on a monthly basis or more frequently if required. 
The responsibilities of the Working Group include, among other things: 
 
selecting projects that fall into the Eligible Project Categories and meet the relevant eligibility criteria under 
the Framework; 
 
monitoring the alignment of eligible projects with the eligibility criteria during the life of the transactions; 
and 
 
managing any identified potential ESG risks associated with the Eligible Project Categories. 
Management of proceeds 
The Working Group will establish a tracking in its internal reporting system, that will contain information on the use 
of proceeds of the outstanding Green Financing Instruments.  
If, for any reason (after a new issue of Green Financing Instruments, for example), the amount of the allocation under 
the Eligible Project Categories falls below the amount of outstanding Green Financing Instruments, the unallocated 
funds will be temporarily invested in accordance with the Group’s investment guidelines. The Group may consider 
investing in money market funds (cash and cash equivalent, i.e., short term deposits) in accordance with a responsible 
investment policy excluding investments towards environmentally or socially harmful activities. The Group also 
commits on a best efforts basis to reach full allocation within 24 months of the Issue Date of the relevant Green 
Bond.  
Reporting 
The Group will prepare, and make available to investors, an allocation and impact report (the “Green Financing 
Report”) at least on an annual basis until maturity of all of the Group’s Green Financing Instruments. 
The Green Financing Report will contain the following information, among other things: 
 
the total amount of Green Financing Instruments outstanding, broken down depending on the nature of the 
instruments (Green Bonds, green loans, or other financing instruments); 
 
the amount of net proceeds allocated to the Eligible Green Portfolio; 
 
an analysis of the Eligible Green Portfolio by eligibility criteria including the share that is aligned with the 
EU Taxonomy Regulation; and 
 
quantitative and qualitative performance indicators as well as the methodologies used to compute such 
indicators regarding the impact of the Green Financing Instruments. 
In addition, an independent auditor will verify as at 31 December each year, until full allocation that the total value 
of Eligible Projects is greater than the current amount of Green Financing Instruments outstanding and that it 
complies with the criteria set out in the Framework. The Issuer has also obtained a second party opinion on the 
Framework, certifying alignment of the Framework with the GBPs and the GLPs (the “Second Party Opinion”). 
The Green Financing Report, the Framework (including any updates or replacements thereto), the Second Party

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
Opinion and the verification by the independent auditor can be accessed on the Issuer’s website at 
https://ir.merlinproperties.com/en/debt/. 
The contents of this webpage, the Framework, the Green Financing Report and the Second Party Opinion do not 
form part of this Base Prospectus and are not incorporated by reference in it. 
See also “Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Notes—Notes issued as Green Bonds with a specific use of proceeds may 
not meet investor expectations or requirements”.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
INFORMATION ON THE SPANISH SOCIMI REGIME 
The following paragraphs are intended as a general guide only and constitute a high-level summary of the Company’s 
understanding of current Spanish law in respect of the current SOCIMI regime originally enacted in October 2009 
(“SOCIMI Regime”) through Law 11/2009, of October 26, 2009, which regulates Listed Real Estate Investment 
Companies (“SOCIMI Act”), amended at the end of 2012 and as subsequently amended and/or restated. The 
amendments introduced in 2012 improved the regime and facilitated the incorporation of the first SOCIMI during 
the second semester of 2013. Accordingly, interpretation of the rules have further been developed by the Spanish 
General Tax Directorate (the “DGT”) as participants have gained exposure to the regime. This summary is based on 
the key aspects of the Spanish SOCIMI Regime as they apply to the Company. Investors should seek their own advice 
in relation to taxation matters. 
1.1 
Overview 
The SOCIMI Regime is intended to facilitate attracting new sources of capital to the Spanish real estate rental market; 
it follows similar legislation adopted in the UK and other European countries, as well as a long-established real estate 
investment trusts regime in the United States. One of the primary aims of these types of regimes is to minimise tax 
inefficiency of holding real estate through corporate ownership by removing corporate taxation at the level of the 
SOCIMI, promote rental activities and professional management of this type of business. 
Provided certain conditions and tests are satisfied (see “Qualification as Spanish SOCIMI” below), a SOCIMI does 
not generally pay Spanish Corporate Income Tax on the profits deriving from its activities—technically, it is subject 
to a 0% Corporate Income Tax rate. Instead, profits must be distributed and such income could be subject to taxation 
in the hands of the shareholder or, in certain cases, of the SOCIMI. 
1.2 
Qualification as Spanish SOCIMI 
In order to qualify for the Spanish SOCIMI Regime, a SOCIMI must satisfy certain conditions. A summary of the 
material conditions is set out below. 
Trading requirement 
SOCIMIs must be listed on a regulated market or alternative investment market in Spain or in other European Union 
or European Economic Area member state, or on a regulated market of any other country which has a tax information 
exchange agreement with Spain, uninterruptedly for the entire tax period. 
Purpose of the SOCIMI / Minimum share capital 
SOCIMIs must take the form of a public limited liability company (sociedad anónima), with a minimum share capital 
of €5 million. Furthermore, the SOCIMI’s shares must be in registered form, nominative and only one single class 
of shares is permitted.  
A SOCIMI must have as its main corporate purpose: 
• 
the acquisition, development and refurbishment of urban real estate for rental purposes; and/or 
• 
the holding of shares of other SOCIMIs or other qualifying subsidiaries pursuant to article 2 of the 
SOCIMI Act (“Qualifying Subsidiaries”); and/or 
• 
the holding of shares in real estate collective investment funds. 
Qualifying Subsidiaries that are non-resident entities must be resident in countries with which Spain has a treaty or 
agreement providing for an exchange of tax information provision. 
SOCIMIs are allowed to carry out other ancillary activities that do not fall under the scope of their main corporate 
purpose. However, such ancillary activities must not exceed 20% of the assets or 20% of the income of the SOCIMI 
in each tax year, in accordance with the minimum qualifying assets, as set out under article 3.1 of the SOCIMI Act

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
(“Qualifying Assets”), and qualifying income, as described under article 3.2 of the SOCIMI Act (“Qualifying 
Income”), tests described below. 
Restrictions on investments 
At least 80% of the SOCIMI’s assets must be invested in: 
• 
urban real property to be leased; 
• 
land plots acquired for the development of urban real property to be leased afterwards, provided that 
the development of such property starts within three years as from the acquisition date; 
• 
participations in Qualifying Subsidiaries (see “Purpose of the SOCIMI / Minimum share capital” 
above); and/or 
• 
participations in real estate collective investment funds. 
The DGT has confirmed that the assets should be measured on a gross basis, disregarding depreciation or 
impairments, in accordance with Royal Decree 1514/2007 of November 16, 2007, approving the Spanish General 
Accounting Plan (Plan General de Contabilidad) which sets forth the Spanish generally accepted accounting 
principles (“Spanish GAAP”). 
In the event the SOCIMI has subsidiaries that are deemed to be a part of the same group of companies for Spanish 
corporate law purposes, the calculation of this 80% threshold for the dominant entity will be made on a consolidated 
basis according to Spanish GAAP. For these purposes, the group of companies would be integrated exclusively by 
SOCIMIs and other Qualifying Subsidiaries described in “Purpose of the SOCIMI / Minimum share capital” above. 
There are no asset diversification requirements. 
Restrictions on income 
At least 80% of a SOCIMI’s net annual income must derive from the lease of Qualifying Assets (as described in 
“Restrictions on investments” above), or from dividends distributed by Qualifying Subsidiaries and real estate 
collective investment funds and companies. 
The DGT considers that the annual income should be measured on a net basis, taking into consideration direct income 
expenses and a pro rata portion of general expenses. These concepts should be calculated in accordance with Spanish 
GAAP, subject to any applicable tax adjustments, –upwards or downwards– as set out by the Spanish CIT Law, 
without prejudice to the special provisions of the SOCIMI Regime. 
Lease agreements between related entities would not be deemed as a qualifying activity and, therefore, the rent 
deriving from such agreements cannot exceed 20% of the SOCIMI’s income. 
Capital gains derived from the sale of Qualifying Assets are, if transferred after the end of the three-year minimum 
holding period, excluded from the 80%/20% net income test. However, if a Qualifying Asset is sold before it is held 
for a minimum three-year period, then (i) such capital gain would compute as non-Qualifying Income; and (ii) such 
gain would be taxed at the standard Corporate Income Tax rate (currently, a 25% rate). Furthermore, the entire 
income, including rental income, derived from such asset also would be subject to the standard Corporate Income 
Tax rate. 
Minimum holding period 
Qualifying Assets must be held by the SOCIMI for a three-year period since (i) the acquisition of the asset by the 
SOCIMI, or (ii) the first day of the financial year in which the company became a SOCIMI if the asset was held by 
the company before becoming a SOCIMI. In the case of urban real estate, the holding period requires that these assets 
are actually rented for at least three years. For these purposes, the time during which the real asset has been offered 
for lease (even if vacant) may be added to the time the asset was leased with a maximum of one year.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
Mandatory dividend distribution 
Under the Spanish SOCIMI Regime, a SOCIMI is required to adopt resolutions for the distribution of dividends, 
after fulfilling any relevant Spanish Companies Act requirement (e.g., contribution to legal reserve), to shareholders 
annually within the six months following the end of the Company’s financial year of: (i) at least 50% of the profits 
arising from the transfer of Qualifying Assets, Qualifying Subsidiaries and real estate collective investment funds 
carried out once the minimum three-year holding period described in “Minimum holding period” above has ended 
(in which case the remainder of such profits must be reinvested in other Qualifying Assets within a maximum period 
of three years from the date of the sale, or otherwise distributed as dividends once such reinvestment period has 
elapsed); (ii) 100% of the profits derived from dividends received from Qualifying Subsidiaries; and (iii) at least 
80% of all other profits obtained (e.g., profits derived from ancillary activities). If the relevant dividend distribution 
resolution was not adopted in a timely manner, or the Company fails to pay (totally or partially) the corresponding 
dividends, the SOCIMI would lose its SOCIMI status as from the year in which the undistributed profits were 
obtained (inclusive). 
Dividends must be paid within the month following the distribution agreement. 
In addition, according to the SOCIMI Regime (i) the SOCIMI legal reserve may not exceed 20% of the share capital 
of the SOCIMI; and (ii) the SOCIMI’s by-laws may not establish any reserve that is not available for distribution to 
its shareholders other than the legal reserve. 
Leverage 
SOCIMI has no specific limitation on indebtedness. 
Tax limitations approved by the Spanish Government (limits on the tax deduction of financial expenses and 
carrying-forward of tax losses limitations) should have no practical impact provided that the SOCIMI is taxed at a 
0% Corporate Income Tax rate. 
Penalties 
The loss of the SOCIMI status triggers adverse consequences for the SOCIMI. Causes for such loss of status are: 
• 
delisting; 
• 
substantial failure to comply with its information and reporting obligations, unless such failure is 
remedied by preparing fully compliant annual accounts which contain certain required information in 
the following year; 
• 
failure to adopt a dividend distribution resolution or to effectively satisfy the dividends within the 
deadlines described under “Mandatory dividend distribution” above. In this case, the loss of SOCIMI 
status would have effects as from the tax year in which the profits not distributed were obtained; 
• 
waiver of the SOCIMI Regime by the company; and/or 
• 
failure to meet the requirements established in the SOCIMI Act unless such failure is remedied within 
the following fiscal year. However, the failure to observe the minimum holding period of the assets 
would not give rise to the loss of SOCIMI status, but (i) the income generated on the transfer will be 
considered as non-Qualifying Income for the purpose of the 80%/20% net income test; and (ii) the 
entire income derived from such assets (both, income derived from the transfer and rental income 
derived from such assets in all tax periods where the SOCIMI’s special tax regime would have been 
applicable) would be taxed at the standard Corporate Income Tax rate (i.e., currently, 25%). 
Should the SOCIMI fall into any of the above scenarios, the SOCIMI Regime will be lost and the Company would 
be taxed in accordance with the general Spanish Corporate Income Tax regime and the general Corporate Income 
Tax rate (currently, 25%), and will not be able to elect for the SOCIMI Regime for the following three fiscal years

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
as from the end of the last tax period in which the SOCIMI was applicable. The shareholders in a company that loses 
its SOCIMI status are expected to be taxable as if the SOCIMI Regime had not been applicable to the company. 
Furthermore, non-compliance of the information and reporting obligations will constitute a serious breach by the 
Company resulting in financial penalties.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
TAXATION  
The following is a general description of certain Spanish tax considerations relating to the Notes. The information 
provided below does not purport to be a complete overview of tax law and practice currently applicable in the 
Kingdom of Spain and is subject to any changes in law and the interpretation and application thereof, which could 
be made with retroactive effect. This analysis is a general description of the tax treatment under Spanish legislation 
without prejudice of regional tax regimes that may be applicable. 
This taxation summary solely addresses the principal Spanish tax consequences of the acquisition, the ownership and 
disposal of Notes issued by the Issuer after the date hereof held to a holder of Notes. It does not consider every aspect 
of taxation that may be relevant to a particular holder of Notes under special circumstances or who is subject to 
special treatment under applicable law or to the special tax regimes applicable in the Basque Country and Navarra 
(Territorios Forales). Where in this summary English terms and expressions are used to refer to Spanish concepts, 
the meaning to be attributed to such terms and expressions shall be the meaning to be attributed to the equivalent 
Spanish concepts under Spanish tax law. This summary assumes that each transaction with respect to the Notes is at 
arm’s length. 
This overview is based on the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law 
that may take effect after such date.  
References in this section to Noteholders include the beneficial owners of the Notes, where applicable. Any 
prospective investors should consult their own tax advisers who can provide them with personalised advice based on 
their particular circumstances. Likewise, investors should consider the legislative changes which could occur in the 
future. 
1.1 
Introduction 
This information has been prepared in accordance with the following Spanish tax legislation in force at the date of 
this Base Prospectus: 
(i) 
of general application, Additional Provision One of Law 10/2014, as well as Royal Decree 1065/2007; 
(ii) 
for individuals resident for tax purposes in Spain which are subject to the Personal Income Tax (“PIT”), 
Law 35/2006 of 28 November, on the PIT and on the Partial Amendment of the Corporate Income Tax Law, 
the Non-Residents Income Tax Law and the Net Wealth Tax Law, and Royal Decree 439/2007 of 30 March 
promulgating the PIT Regulations, along with Law 19/1991 of 6 June, on Wealth Tax, Law 38/2022 of 27 
December for the Establishment of Temporary Energy Taxes and Taxes on Credit Institutions and Financial 
Credit Establishments and which Creates the Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes, and Modifies 
Certain Tax Regulations and Law 29/1987, of 18 December on the Inheritance and Gift Tax; 
(iii) 
for legal entities resident for tax purposes in Spain which are subject to the Corporate Income Tax (“CIT”), 
Act 27/2014, of 27 November governing the CIT, and Royal Decree 634/2015, of 10 July promulgating the 
CIT Regulations; and 
(iv) 
for individuals and entities who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain which are subject to the Non-
Resident Income Tax (“NRIT”), Royal Legislative Decree 5/2004, of 5 March promulgating the 
Consolidated Text of the NRIT Law, and Royal Decree 1776/2004 of 30 July promulgating the NRIT 
Regulations, along with Law 19/1991 of 6 June, on Wealth Tax, Law 38/2022 of 27 December for the 
Establishment of Temporary Energy Taxes and Taxes on Credit Institutions and Financial Credit 
Establishments and which Creates the Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes, and Modifies Certain 
Tax Regulations and Law 29/1987, of 18 December on the Inheritance and Gift Tax. 
Whatever the nature and residence of the beneficial owner, the acquisition and transfer of Notes will be exempt from 
indirect taxes in Spain, i.e., exempt from Transfer Tax and Stamp Duty, in accordance with the Consolidated Text of 
such tax promulgated by Royal Legislative Decree 1/1993, of 24 September and exempt from Value Added Tax, in 
accordance with Law 37/1992, of 28 December regulating such tax.

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
1.2 
Individuals with Tax Residency in Spain 
1.2.1. Personal Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de las Personas Físicas) 
Spanish individuals with tax residency in Spain are subject to PIT on a worldwide basis. Accordingly, income 
obtained from the Notes will be taxed in Spain when obtained by persons that are considered resident in Spain for 
tax purposes. The fact that a Spanish company pays interest or guarantees payments under a Note will not lead an 
individual or entity to be considered tax-resident in Spain. 
Both, interest payments periodically received and income derived from the transfer, redemption or exchange of the 
Notes constitute a return on investment obtained from the transfer of a person’s own capital to third parties in 
accordance with the provisions of Section 25 of the PIT Law, and therefore must be included in the investor’s PIT 
savings taxable base pursuant to the provisions of the aforementioned law and taxed at a flat rate of 19 per cent. on 
the first €6,000, 21 per cent. for taxable income between €6,001 and €50,000, 23 per cent. for taxable income between 
€50,001 and €200,000, 27 per cent. for taxable income between €200,001 and €300,000, and 28 per cent. for any 
amount exceeding €300,000. 
As a general rule, both types of income are subject to a withholding tax on account at the rate of 19 per cent. However, 
it should be noted that Royal Decree 1065/2007 establishes a special regime, pursuant to which no withholding tax 
should be applicable if certain procedures for the provision of information which are explained under section 
“Disclosure of Information in Connection with the Notes” below are complied with. In particular, in the case of debt 
listed securities issued under Law 10/2014 and initially registered in a foreign clearing and settlement entity that is 
recognised under Spanish regulations or under those of another OECD member state, as the Notes issued by the 
Issuer: 
(i) 
it would not be necessary to provide the Issuer with the identity of the Noteholders who are individuals 
resident in Spain for tax purposes or to indicate the amount of income attributable to such individuals; and  
(ii) 
interest paid to all Noteholders (whether tax resident in Spain or not) should be paid free of Spanish 
withholding tax provided that the information procedures are complied with. 
Therefore, the Issuer understands that, according to Royal Decree 1065/2007, it has no obligation to withhold any 
tax amount for interest paid on the Notes corresponding to Noteholders who are individuals with tax residency in 
Spain provided that the information procedures (which do not require identification of the Noteholders) are complied 
with.  
Nevertheless, Spanish withholding tax at the applicable rate (currently, 19 per cent.) may have to be deducted by 
other entities (such as depositaries or financial entities), provided that such entities are resident for tax purposes in 
Spain or have a permanent establishment in the Spanish territory. The amounts withheld, if any, may be credited by 
the relevant investors against their final PIT liability. 
1.2.2 
Net Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Net Wealth Tax may be levied in Spain on tax resident individuals, on a worldwide basis. In particular, individuals 
with tax residency in Spain are subject to Net Wealth Tax to the extent that their net worth exceeds €700,000. 
Therefore, they should take into account the value of the Notes which they hold as at 31 December each year, the 
applicable rates ranging between 0.2 per cent. and 3.5 per cent. However, as the Autonomous Communities are 
entitled to apply their own regulation on such tax, this rate will just apply to the regions that have not approved their 
own net wealth tax schedules. 
1.2.3 
Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes (Impuesto Temporal de Solidaridad a las Grandes 
Fortunas) 
The Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes may be levied in Spain on tax resident individuals, on a worldwide 
basis.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
In particular, individuals with tax residency in Spain are subject to the Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes 
to the extent that their net worth exceeds €3,000,000. Nonetheless, the regulation lays down a minimum exempt 
amount of €700,000.00. Therefore, they should take into account the value of the Notes which they hold as of 31 
December each year, the applicable rates ranging between 1.7 per cent. and 3.5 per cent. 
Since the Autonomous Communities apply the current regional Net Wealth Tax (as described above), in order to 
avoid double taxation, the amount paid for the current regional Net Wealth Tax should be deductible from the 
Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes. 
1.2.4 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals resident in Spain for tax purposes who acquire ownership or other rights over any Notes by inheritance, 
gift or legacy will be subject to the Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax as set out in Law 29/1987, of 18 December (the 
IGT Law), being payable by the person who acquires the Notes, at a tax rate ranging from 7.65% to 34.00%, 
according to the IGT Law. However, final effective taxation may vary, between 0% and 87.60%, depending on 
relevant factors (such as the specific regulations imposed by each Spanish region, the amount of the pre-existing 
assets of the taxpayer and the degree of kinship with the deceased or donor). 
As the actual collection of this tax depends on the regulations of each Autonomous Community, investors should 
consult their tax advisers according to the particulars of their situation. 
1.3 
Legal Entities with Tax Residency in Spain 
1.3.1 
Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre Sociedades) 
Legal entities with tax residency in Spain are subject to CIT on a worldwide basis. 
Both interest received periodically and income derived from the transfer, redemption or repayment of the Notes are 
subject to CIT (at the current general tax rate of 25 per cent.) in accordance with the rules for this tax. However, such 
a tax rate will not be generally applicable to all CIT taxpayers and, for instance, it will not apply to banking 
institutions which will be taxable at a 30% rate. 
Pursuant to Section 61.s of Royal Decree 634/2015 approving the Spanish corporate income tax regulations (the 
“Corporate Tax Regulations”), there is no obligation to make a withholding on income obtained by taxpayers 
subject to Spanish CIT (which for the avoidance of doubt, include Spanish tax resident investment funds and Spanish 
tax resident pension funds) from financial assets traded on organised markets in OECD countries. However, in the 
case of Notes held by a Spanish resident entity and deposited with a Spanish resident entity acting as depositary or 
custodian, payments of interest and income deriving from the transfer may be subject to withholding tax at the current 
rate of 19 per cent. Such withholding may be made by the depositary or custodian if the Notes do not comply with 
the exemption requirements specified in the ruling issued by the DGT dated 27 July 2004 (that is, placement of the 
Notes outside of Spain in another OECD country and admission to listing of the Notes on an organised market in an 
OECD country other than Spain). The amounts withheld, if any, may be credited by the relevant investors against its 
final CIT liability. 
Notwithstanding the above, according to Royal Decree 1065/2007, in the case of listed debt instruments issued under 
Law 10/2014 and initially registered in a foreign clearing and settlement entity that is recognised under Spanish 
regulations or under those of another OECD member state (such as the Notes issued by the Issuer), interest paid to 
investors should be paid free of Spanish withholding tax. The foregoing is subject to certain information procedures 
having been fulfilled. These procedures are described in “Disclosure of Information in Connection with the Notes” 
below.  
Therefore, the Issuer considers that, pursuant to Royal Decree 1065/2007, it has no obligation to withhold any tax 
on interest paid on the Notes in respect of Noteholders who are Spanish CIT payers, provided that the information 
procedures are complied with.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
1.3.2 
Net Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Legal entities resident in Spain for tax purposes are not subject to Net Wealth Tax. 
1.3.3 
Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes (Impuesto Temporal de Solidaridad a las Grandes 
Fortunas) 
Legal entities resident in Spain for tax purposes are not subject to the Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes. 
1.3.4 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Legal entities resident in Spain for tax purposes which acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy are not subject to the Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax but must include the market value 
of the Notes in their taxable income for Spanish CIT purposes. 
1.4 
Individuals and Legal Entities with no Tax Residency in Spain 
1.4.1 
Non-Resident Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de no Residentes) 
(a) 
With permanent establishment in Spain 
If the Notes form part of the assets of a permanent establishment in Spain of a person or legal entity who is not 
resident in Spain for tax purposes, the tax rules applicable to income deriving from such Notes are, generally, the 
same as those previously set out for Spanish CIT taxpayers. See “—Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre 
Sociedades)”. Ownership of the Notes by investors who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain will not in itself 
create the existence of a permanent establishment in Spain. 
(b) 
With no permanent establishment in Spain 
Both, interest payments periodically received and income deriving from the transfer, redemption or repayment of the 
Notes, obtained by individuals or legal entities who have no tax residency in Spain, being Non-Resident Income Tax 
taxpayers with no permanent establishment in Spain, are exempt from such Non-Resident Income Tax on the same 
terms laid down for income from Public Debt.  
In order for such exemption to apply, it is necessary to comply with the information procedures, in the manner 
detailed under “Disclosure of Information in Connection with the Notes” as set out in section 44 of Royal Decree 
1065/2007. 
1.4.2 
Net Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Individuals resident in a country with which Spain has entered into a double tax treaty in relation to Net Wealth Tax 
would generally not be subject to such tax. Otherwise, non-Spanish resident individuals whose properties and rights 
are located in Spain, or that can be exercised within the Spanish territory, and exceed €700,000 would be subject to 
Net Wealth Tax. In such event, they should take into account the value of the Notes which they hold as at 31 December 
each year, the applicable rates ranging between 0.2 per cent. and 3.5 per cent. 
In accordance with Additional Provision 4 of the Net Wealth Tax Law as amended by Law 11/2021 of 9th July, non-
resident taxpayers will be entitled to the application of specific regulations approved by the Autonomous Region 
where the greater value of the assets and rights they own is located and for which the tax is required, can be exercised 
or must be fulfilled within the Spanish territory. 
Non-Spanish resident legal entities are not subject to Net Wealth Tax.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
1.4.3 
Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes (Impuesto Temporal de Solidaridad a las Grandes 
Fortunas) 
Non-Spanish resident individuals whose properties and rights are located in Spain, or that can be exercised within 
the Spanish territory, and exceed €3,000,000 may be subject to the Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes. 
Nonetheless, the regulation lays down a minimum exempt amount of €700,000.00. In such event, they should take 
into account the value of the Notes which they hold as at 31 December each year, the applicable rates ranging between 
1.7 per cent. and 3.5 per cent. 
Since the Autonomous Communities apply the current regional Net Wealth Tax (as described above), in order to 
avoid double taxation, the amount paid for the current regional Net Wealth Tax should be deductible from the 
Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes. 
Noteholders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how this tax may apply to their investment in the Notes. 
1.4.3 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Unless otherwise provided under an applicable double tax treaty in relation to Inheritance and Gift Tax, the latter 
may be levied in Spain on non-resident individuals only on those assets and rights that are located or that may be 
exercised or fulfilled within the Spanish territory. 
The tax rate ranges from 7.65% to 34.00%, according to the IGT Law. However, final effective taxation may vary, 
between 0% and 87.60%, depending on relevant factors (such as the specific regulations imposed by each Spanish 
region, the amount of the pre-existing assets of the taxpayer and the degree of kinship with the deceased or donor). 
Generally, non-Spanish tax resident individuals are subject to Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax according to the rules 
set forth in the Spanish state level or relevant autonomous region law. As such, prospective investors should consult 
their tax advisers. 
Non-Spanish resident corporations are not taxpayers of the Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax and income inherited 
or obtained by gift (a título lucrativo) will generally be subject to NRIT, as capital gains, unless otherwise provided 
under an applicable double tax treaty.  
1.5 
Obligation to inform the Spanish tax authorities of the ownership of the Notes 
With effect as of 1 January 2013, Law 7/2012, of 29 October, as implemented by Royal Decree 1558/2012, of 15 
November, introduced annual reporting obligations applicable to Spanish residents (i.e., individuals, legal entities, 
permanent establishments in Spain of non-resident entities) in relation to certain foreign assets or rights. 
Consequently, if the Notes are deposited with or placed in the custody of a non-Spanish entity, Noteholders resident 
in Spain will be obliged, if certain thresholds are met as described below, to declare before the Spanish Tax 
Authorities, between 1 January and 31 March every year, the ownership of the Notes held on 31 December of the 
immediately preceding year (e.g., to declare between 1 January 2025 and 31 March 2025 the Notes held on 31 
December 2024). 
This obligation would only need to be complied with if certain thresholds are met: specifically, if the only 
rights/assets held abroad are the Notes, this obligation would only apply if the value of the Notes together with other 
qualifying assets held on 31 December exceeds €50,000 (with the corresponding valuation to be made in accordance 
with Wealth Tax rules). If this threshold is met, a declaration would only be required in subsequent years if the value 
of the Notes together with other qualifying assets increases by more than €20,000 as against the declaration made 
previously. Similarly, cancellation or extinguishment of the ownership of the Notes before 31 December should be 
declared if such ownership was reported in previous declarations. 
1.6 
Disclosure of Information in Connection with the Notes 
According to Additional Provision One of Law 10/2014, the Issuer is subject to certain reporting obligations in 
relation to the Notes.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
In accordance with section 5 of Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007 and provided that the Notes issued by the 
Issuer are initially registered for clearance and settlement in Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, the Fiscal 
Agent would be obliged to provide the Issuer with a declaration (the form of which is set out in the Agency 
Agreement), which should include the following information: 
(i) 
 description of the Notes (and date of payment of the interest income derived from such Notes);  
(ii) 
total amount of interest derived from the Notes; and  
(iii) 
total amount of interest allocated to each non-Spanish clearing and settlement entity involved.  
According to section 6 of Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, the relevant declaration will have to be provided to 
the Issuer on the business day immediately preceding each Interest Payment Date. If this requirement is complied 
with, the Issuer, will pay gross (without deduction of any withholding tax) all interest under the Notes to all 
Noteholders (irrespective of whether they are tax resident in Spain).  
In the event that the Paying Agent were to fail to provide the information detailed above, according to section 7 of 
Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, the Issuer, or the Paying Agent acting on its behalf, could be required to 
withhold tax from the relevant interest payments at the general withholding tax rate (currently, 19 per cent.). If on or 
before the 10th day of the month following the month in which the interest is payable, the Paying Agent were to 
submit such information, the Issuer, or the Paying Agent acting on its behalf, would refund the total amount of taxes 
withheld. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer has agreed that in the event that withholding tax were required by law, the 
Issuer, would pay such additional amounts as may be necessary such that a Noteholder would receive the same 
amount that he would have received in the absence of any such withholding or deduction, except as provided in 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes—Taxation”. 
In the event that the current applicable procedures were to be modified, amended or supplemented by, amongst others, 
a Spanish law, regulation, interpretation or ruling of the Spanish Tax Authorities, the Issuer would inform the 
Noteholders of such information procedures and of their implications, as the Issuer may be required to apply 
withholding tax on interest payments under the Notes if the Noteholders were not to comply with such information 
procedures. 
1.7 
Disclosure of Noteholder Information in Connection with the Redemption or Repayment of Zero 
Coupon Notes 
In accordance with Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, in the case of Zero Coupon Notes with a maturity of 12 
months or less, the information obligations established in Section 44 (see “—Disclosure of Information in Connection 
with the Notes” above) will have to be complied with upon the redemption or repayment of the Zero Coupon Notes. 
If the Spanish tax authorities consider that such information obligations must also be complied with for Zero Coupon 
Notes with a longer term than 12 months, the Issuer will, prior to the redemption or repayment of such Notes, adopt 
the necessary measures with the Clearing Systems in order to ensure its compliance with such information obligations 
as may be required by the Spanish tax authorities from time to time.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Overview of Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 10 May 
2024 (the “Dealer Agreement”) between the Issuer, the Permanent Dealers and the Arranger, the Notes will be 
offered on a continuous basis by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved the right to 
sell Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes may be resold at prevailing 
market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes 
may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides 
for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed by it. 
The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for its expenses incurred in connection with the update of the 
Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with the Programme. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of the 
Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe Notes in 
certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Notes having a maturity of more than one year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold 
or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it has not offered, sold or delivered and will 
not offer, sell or deliver the Notes (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after 
completion of the distribution of an identifiable Tranche of which such Notes are a part, within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each Dealer to which it sells Notes during 
the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting out the restrictions on offers and sales of the 
Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable Tranche, an offer or sale of 
Notes within the United States by any Dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this 
provision:

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
(i) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II;  
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(c) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(ii) 
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe the Notes. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes of this provision: 
(i)  
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA;  
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(c) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(ii) 
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe the Notes. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that:  
(i) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than 
to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will 
acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the 
Issuer; 
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 
21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which 
section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
(iii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done 
by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Kingdom of Spain  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that the Notes will not be offered, sold or distributed, nor will any subsequent resale of Notes 
be carried out in Spain, except in circumstances which do not require the registration of a prospectus in Spain in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation and the Spanish Securities Market and Investment Services Law (Ley 
6/2023, 17 de marzo, de los mercados de valores y de los servicios de inversión), as amended or restated from time 
to time, and supplemental rules enacted thereunder or in substitution thereof from time to time or without complying 
with all legal and regulatory requirements under the Spanish Securities Market and Investment Services Law or any 
regulations created thereunder which may be in force from time to time. Offers of Notes in Spain shall only be 
directed specifically at, or made to, professional clients and eligible counterparties, as defined in Articles 194 and 
196 of the Spanish Securities Market and Investment Services Law.  
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act 
No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”). Accordingly, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes 
in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in 
Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to others for re-offering or re-
sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident in Japan except pursuant to an exemption 
from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
(“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, 
nor may copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to any Notes be distributed in Italy, except, 
in accordance with any Italian securities, tax and other applicable laws and regulations.  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver any Notes or distribute 
any copy of this Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the Notes in Italy except:  
(a)  
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 100 of Legislative Decree no. 
58 of 24 February 1998 (the “Financial Services Act”) and Article 34-ter, paragraph 1, letter (b) of 
CONSOB regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999 (the “Issuers Regulation”), all as amended from time to 
time; or  
(b)  
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 100 of the 
Financial Services Act and Issuers Regulation. 
In any event, any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in Italy under paragraphs (a) or (b) above must be:  
(i)  
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in Italy in 
accordance with the Financial Services Act, Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (the “Banking 
Act”) and CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, all as amended from time to time;

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
(ii)  
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act, as amended from time to time, and the implementing 
guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time; and 
(iii)  
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations, including any limitation or requirement which 
may be imposed from time to time by CONSOB or the Bank of Italy or other competent authority. 
This Base Prospectus, any other document relating to the Notes, and the information contained herein are intended 
only for the use of its recipient and, unless in circumstances which are exempted from the rules governing offers of 
securities to the public pursuant to Article 100 of the Financial Services Act and Article 34-ter of the Issuers 
Regulation, are not to be distributed to any third-party resident or located in Italy for any reason. No person resident 
or located in Italy other than the original recipients of this document may rely on it or its contents. 
Belgium 
With regard to Notes having a maturity of less than 12 months (and which therefore fall outside the scope of the 
Prospectus Regulation), the Base Prospectus has not been, and it is not expected that it will be, submitted for approval 
to the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it shall refrain from 
taking any action that would be characterised as or result in a public offering of these Notes in Belgium in accordance 
with the Belgian law of 11 July 2018 on the offer of investment instruments to the public and the admission of 
investment instruments to trading on a regulated market, as amended or replaced from time to time. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold or otherwise made available, and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, 
information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any 
individual in Belgian qualifying as a consumer (consument/consommateur) within the meaning of the Belgium Code 
of Economic Law (Wetboek van economisch recht/Code de droit économique), as amended as amended from time to 
time. 
Singapore 
This Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore, and the 
Notes will be offered pursuant to exemptions under the SFA. Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has 
not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase 
and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other 
document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, 
whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (a) to an institutional investor (as defined in 
Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, or (b) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A 
of the SFA) pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA.  
 
 
Switzerland 
This Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the Notes. The 
Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial 
Services Act (“FinSA”) except to any investor that qualifies as a professional client within the meaning of FinSA, 
and no application has or will be made to admit the Notes to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral 
trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
the Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or 
marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in 
Switzerland except to any investor that qualifies as a professional client within the meaning of FinSA. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers following a change in a 
relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in the Final Terms issued in respect of the 
issue of Notes to which it relates or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
No representation is made that any action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of 
any of the Notes, or possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final 
Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it 
shall, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in 
which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes the Base Prospectus, any other 
offering material or any Final Terms in all cases at its own expense. 
Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the 
Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they 
purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any 
related offering material, in all cases at their own expense.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The form of Final Terms that will be issued in respect of each Tranche, subject only to the deletion of non-applicable 
provisions, is set out below: 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led 
to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each 
as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led 
to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, as amended (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of 
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA (the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations pursuant 
to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore) (as modified or amended 
from time to time, the “SFA”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in 
Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are [“prescribed capital markets products”]/[“capital markets products 
other than prescribed capital markets products”] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018).] 
Final Terms dated [●] 
 
Merlin Properties, SOCIMI, S.A. 
(Incorporated with limited liability in the Kingdom of Spain) 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
 959800L8KD863DP30X04 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title and type of Notes] 
under the €6,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 10 May 2024 [and the base prospectus supplement dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be 
read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of 
the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so 
supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [and/,] the Final Terms [and the Base Prospectus supplement] [have] been 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com and [are] available for viewing 
during normal business hours at Paseo de la Castellana, 257, 28046 Madrid, Spain (being the registered office of the 
Issuer).]  
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under 
a base prospectus with an earlier date.) 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”) 
contained in the Agency Agreement dated [6 April 2016 / 12 May 2017 / 23 May 2019 / 22 May 2020 / 25 March 
2021] and set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [6 April 2016 / 12 May 2017 / 23 May 2019 / 22 May 2020 / 25 
March 2021]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 10 May 2024 [and the base 
prospectus supplement dated [●]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the base prospectus dated [6 April 2016 / 12 
May 2017 / 23 May 2019 / 22 May 2020 / 25 March 2021] and incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus 
dated 10 May 2024. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectuses dated [6 April 2016 / 12 May 2017 / 23 May 2019 / 22 
May 2020 / 25 March 2021] and 10 May 2024 [and the base prospectus supplements dated [●] and [●]]. The Base 
Prospectuses[ and/,] the Final Terms [and the base prospectuses supplements] [have] been published on the website 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com and [are] available for viewing during normal business hours 
at Paseo de la Castellana, 257, 28046 Madrid, Spain (being the registered office of the Issuer).]

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics 
denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.) 
 
1
(i) 
Series Number: 
 
[●] 
 
(ii) Tranche Number: 
 
[●] 
 
(iii) Date on which the Notes become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, form a 
single series and be interchangeable for trading purposes 
with the existing notes with Series number [●] on [insert 
date/the Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary Global 
Note for interests in the Permanent Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph 21 below [which is expected to 
occur on or about [insert date]]].] 
 
 
 
2
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
 
 
 
3
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes:  
[●] 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Tranche: 
[●] 
 
 
 
4
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [●] to, but excluding the Issue 
Date.] 
 
 
 
5
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
 
 
 
6
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Interest Commencement Date 
[[●]]/[Issue Date]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
7
Maturity Date: 
[[●]]/[Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest [●]] 
 
 
 
8
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate (see paragraph 13 below)] 
[[●] month [EURIBOR] +/– [●] per cent. Floating Rate 
(see paragraph 14 below)]  
[Zero Coupon (see paragraph 15 below)]

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
9
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and calculation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [●][100] per cent. of their nominal amount. 
 
 
 
10
Change of Interest Basis 
[For the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date, up to (but excluding) [date] 
paragraph [13/14/15] applies and for the period from (and 
including) [date], up to (and including) the Maturity 
Date, paragraph [13/14/15] applies]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
11
Put/Call Options: 
[Put Option] 
[Change of Control Put Option] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] 
[Substantial Purchase Event] 
[Acquisition Event] 
[Not Applicable] 
(see paragraph [16/17/18/19/20/21] below) 
 
 
 
12
Date of Board approval for issuance of Notes 
obtained: 
[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year  
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)] 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(v) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual-ISDA]/[Actual / 365 
(Fixed)] / [Actual/365 (Sterling)] / [Actual/360] / 
[30/360] 
/ 
[30E/360] 
/ 
[30E/360(ISDA)] 
/ 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
 
(vi) Determination Dates: 
[[●]]/[Not Applicable] (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of 
a long or short last coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual(ICMA))

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
14
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (iv) below/ , not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (iv) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]] 
 
(ii) Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (iv) below/ , not 
subject to any adjustment[, as the Business Day 
Convention in (iv) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
 
(iii) Interest Period Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[[●], 
subject 
to 
adjustment 
in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention set out in 
(iv) below/ , not subject to any adjustment[, as the 
Business Day Convention in (iv) below is specified to be 
Not Applicable]] 
 
 
(Not applicable unless different from Interest Payment 
Date) 
 
(iv) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/Following 
Business Day Convention/ Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Not Applicable] 
 
(v) Business Centre(s): 
[[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are 
to be determined: 
[Screen Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(vii) Party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) 
of Interest and/or Interest Amount(s) (if not 
the Paying Agent(s)): 
[●] 
 
(viii) Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
– Reference Rate: 
[●] month/[EURIBOR] 
 
– Reference Banks: 
[●] 
 
– Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
 
– Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
(ix) ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
– ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions/2021 ISDA Definitions]

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
 
– Floating Rate Option: 
[●] [Overnight Floating Rate Option] [Index Floating 
Rate Option] 
 
– Designated Maturity: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant where the 
relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk-free rate) 
 
– Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
– Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
– [Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [●] Applicable Business Days] 
 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [●] Lockout Period Business Days] 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable Business 
Days]] 
 
– Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
– Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [●] Applicable Business Days] 
 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [●] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
– Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(x) Linear Interpolation 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
 
(xi) Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiv) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-ISDA/Actual / 365 
(Fixed) / Actual/365 (Sterling) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 
30E/360 / 30E/360(ISDA) / Actual/Actual-ICMA]] 
 
 
 
15
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) Amortisation Yield: 
 
(ii) Reference Price: 
 
(iii) Day Count Fraction in relation to Early 
Redemption Amounts: 
[●] per cent. per annum]  
 
[●] 
 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / Act/Act / 
Act/Act (ISDA) / Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Act/Act 
(ICMA) / Actual/365 (fixed) / Act/365 (fixed) / A/365 
(fixed) / A/365F / Actual/365 (Sterling) / Actual/360 / 
Act/360 / A/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30E/360 / 30E/360 (ISDA)]] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
16
Call Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note: 
[[●] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount/Condition 
7(b) 
applies]/[Make-Whole Amount] 
 
(iii) Make-whole Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) Reference Note: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
     Redemption Margin: 
[●] 
 
     Financial Adviser: 
[●] 
 
     Quotation Time: 
[●] 
 
(b) Discount Rate: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(c) Make-whole Exemption Period: 
[Not Applicable]/[From (and including) [●] to (but 
excluding) [●]/the Maturity Date]] 
 
(iv) If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(v) Notice period 
[●] days 
 
 
 
17
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s):  
[●] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]  
 
(iii) Notice period 
[●] days 
 
 
 
18
Change of Control Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
19
Residual Maturity Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
20
Substantial Purchase Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
21
Acquisition Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Acquisition Target:  
[●] 
 
(ii) Acquisition Completion Date: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Acquisition Call Redemption Amount: 
[●] 
 
(iv) Acquisition Notice Period: 
The period from the Issue Date to [●/the Acquisition 
Completion Date] 
 
 
 
22
Final Redemption Amount of each Note  
[●] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
 
 
 
23
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
per 
Calculation Amount payable on redemption 
for taxation reasons or on event of default or 
other early redemption and/or the method of 
calculating the same (if required or if 
different from that set out in the Conditions): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
24
Form of Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
in the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global 
Note]
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes] 
(N.B. In relation to any issue of Notes which are 
expressed to be represented by a Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes in accordance with 
this option, such notes may only be issued in 
denominations equal to, or greater that €100,000 (or 
equivalent) and integral multiples thereof.) 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
 
25
New Global Note: 
[Yes]/[No] 
 
 
 
26
Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this paragraph 
relates to the date of payment, and not the end dates of 
interest periods for the purposes of calculating the 
amount of interest, to which sub paragraph 14(v) relates] 
 
 
 
27
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes (and dates on which such Talons 
mature): 
[Yes/No] 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[●] has been extracted from [●]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, 
so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [●], no facts have been omitted which 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
 
Signed on behalf of Merlin Properties, SOCIMI, S.A. 
 
By: 
............................................ 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1 LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
Admission to listing and trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to listing on [the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange/[●]] 
with effect from [●]] 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [the 
regulated 
market 
of 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange/[●]] with effect from [●]]  
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
 
(ii) Estimate of total expenses related to admission 
to trading: 
[●] 
 
 
 
2 RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be] 
rated] /[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned 
to Notes of this type issued under the Programme 
generally]]:  
[S&P: [●]] 
[[Other]: [●]] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.)(Insert one (or more) of 
the following options, as applicable) (Need to include 
a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this 
has previously been published by the rating provider.) 
[[●] (Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating) is established in the EU 
and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as 
amended by Regulation (EC) No. 513/2011 (the “EU 
CRA Regulation”). A list of registered credit rating 
agencies is published at the European Securities and 
Market Authority’s website: www.esma.europa.eu. 
[●] (Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating) is established in the EU 
and has applied for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 as amended by Regulation (EC) No. 
513/2011 (the “EU CRA Regulation”), although

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
notification of the registration decision has not yet been 
provided. 
[●] (Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating) is established in the EU 
and is neither registered nor has it applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as 
amended by Regulation (EC) No. 513/2011 (the “EU 
CRA Regulation”). 
[●] (Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating) is not established in the 
EU but the rating it has given to the Notes is endorsed 
by [●] (insert legal name of credit rating agency), 
which is established in the EU and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as amended by 
Regulation (EC) No. 513/2011 (the “EU CRA 
Regulation”). A list of registered credit rating agencies 
is published at the European Securities and Market 
Authority’s website: www.esma.europa.eu. [●] (Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating) is not established in the EU but is 
certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as 
amended by Regulation (EC) No. 513/2011 (the “EU 
CRA Regulation”). [●] (Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating) 
is not established in the EU and is not certified under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as amended by 
Regulation (EC) No. 513/2011 (the “EU CRA 
Regulation”) and the rating it has given to the Notes is 
not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
the EU and registered under the CRA Regulation.] 
[The rating [●] (Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating) has given to the 
Notes is endorsed by a credit agency which is 
established in the UK and registered under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”).] 
[[●] (Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating) has been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK 
CRA Regulation”).] 
[[●] (Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating) has not been certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms part 
of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK 
CRA Regulation”) and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation.] 
 
 
 
3 INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
 
 
[Save for (i) any fees payable to the Dealer[s] and (ii) so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the 
issue/offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The Dealer[s] and [its/their] affiliates have 
engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, 
and may perform other services for the Issuer and any of its affiliates in the ordinary course of the business 
for which they may receive fees.] [Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
 
 
 
4 REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET 
PROCEEDS 
 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[For general corporate purposes of 
the Group, including the repayment 
of existing indebtedness of the 
Group]/ 
[To finance and/or refinance, in 
whole or in part, Eligible Projects]/ 
[●]] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in 
Base Prospectus – if reasons for 
offer 
different 
from 
what 
is 
disclosed in the Base Prospectus, 
give details here.) 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
5 Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
(The yield is calculated at the Issue 
Date on the basis of the Issue Price. 
It is not an indication of future yield) 
 
 
 
6 OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. and the relevant identification number(s): 
[Not 
Applicable/[give 
name(s), 
number(s) and address(es)]]

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of initial Paying Agent(s): 
[●] 
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
 
[●] 
 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by 
[administrator legal name]][repeat 
as necessary]. As at the date hereof, 
[[administrator 
legal 
name][appears]/[does 
not 
appear]][repeat as necessary] in the 
register 
of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established 
and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to 
Article 
36 
(Register 
of 
administrators and benchmarks) of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011]/[As 
far as the Issuer is aware, as at the 
date hereof, [specify benchmark] 
does not fall within the scope of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011]/ [As 
far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 
of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as 
amended apply, such that [name of 
administrator] is not currently 
required 
to 
obtain 
authorisation/registration 
(or, 
if 
located outside the European Union, 
recognition, 
endorsement 
or 
equivalence)]/ [Not Applicable] 
 
[Intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility] 
[Yes. Note that the designation 
“yes” simply means that the Notes 
are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will 
be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been 
met.]/[No. 
Whilst 
the 
designation is specified as “no” at 
the date of these Final Terms, should

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
the Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper. Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will then be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any 
time 
during 
their 
life. 
Such 
recognition will depend upon the 
ECB 
being 
satisfied 
that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]] 
 
 
 
7 DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) If syndicated: 
 
 
(A) 
Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(B) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(iv) US Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2; 
[TEFRA C/ TEFRA D/ TEFRA not 
applicable]

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
(1) 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme 
to be admitted to the Official List and to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s 
regulated market. 
(2) 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in Spain in connection with 
the update of the Programme. The update of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the board 
of directors of the Issuer passed on 9 May 2024.  
(3) 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Issuer or 
of the Group since 31 December 2023, being the date of the last published financial statements, and no 
material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or of the Group since 31 December 2023.  
(4) 
Neither the Issuer nor any of its subsidiaries is involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is 
aware) during the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have or have had 
significant effects on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Group.  
(5) 
Each Note having a maturity of more than one year, Coupon and Talon will bear the following legend: 
“Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United 
States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal 
Revenue Code”. 
(6) 
Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg systems 
(which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The Common Code and the International 
Securities Identification Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) the identification number for any other 
relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes may be represented by one or more Global Notes. Such Global Notes will be deposited with 
a common depositary or common safekeeper, as applicable, for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in the relevant Global Note, investors will not be 
entitled to receive definitive Notes. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain records of 
the beneficial interests in the Global Notes. While the Notes are represented by one or more Global 
Notes, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes the Issuer will discharge its payment 
obligations under the Notes by making payments to the common depositary or paying agent (in the case 
of a NGN) for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their account holders. A holder 
of a beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg to receive payments under the relevant Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability 
for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the 
relevant Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. Similarly, holders of beneficial 
interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right under the Global Notes to take enforcement 
action against the Issuer in the event of a default under the relevant Notes but will have to rely upon their 
rights under the Deed of Covenant. 
(7) 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
(8) 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no material contracts entered into other than in the 
ordinary course of the Issuer’s business, which could result in any member of the Issuer’s Group being 
under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations to 
Noteholders in respect of the Notes being issued.  
(9) 
The Legal Entity Identifier code of the Issuer is 959800L8KD863DP30X04. 
(10) 
The website of the Issuer is www.merlinproperties.com. The information on www.merlinproperties.com 
does not form part of this Base Prospectus, except where that information has been incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus.  
(11) 
Société Générale Luxembourg is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in connection 
with the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List or to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
(12) 
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third parties, this information has 
been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the information 
published by such third parties no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. The source of third party information is identified where used.  
(13) 
Notes may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance 
with prevailing market conditions. In the case of different Tranches of a Series of Notes, the issue price 
may include accrued interest in respect of the period from the interest commencement date of the relevant 
Tranche (which may be the issue date of the first Tranche of the Series or, if interest payment dates have 
already passed, the most recent interest payment date in respect of the Series) to the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche. The yield of each Tranche of Notes will be calculated as of the relevant issue date 
using the relevant issue price and will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. It is not an indication 
of future yield. The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any 
issues of Notes. 
(14) 
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, the following documents will be 
available at https://www.merlinproperties.com/en/investors/debt/ 
(i) 
the Agency Agreement (which includes the form of the Global Notes, the definitive Notes, the 
Coupons and the Talons); 
(ii) 
the Deed of Covenant; 
(iii) 
the constitutive documents of the Issuer; 
(iv) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the years ended 31 
December 2023 and 31 December 2022 respectively; 
(v) 
each Final Terms (save that the Final Terms relating to a Note which is neither admitted to trading 
on a regulated market within the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic 
Area in a Prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation will only be 
available for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce evidence 
satisfactory to the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity); 
(vi) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any Supplement to this Base Prospectus or further 
Base Prospectus;  
(vii) 
the Framework;

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
(viii) the Second Party Opinion; and 
(ix) 
all reports, letters and other documents, consolidated statements of financial position, valuations 
and statements by any expert any part of which is extracted or referred to in this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for Notes that are listed on the Official List and admitted to 
trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market will be published on the website of the 
Issuer at https://www.merlinproperties.com/en/investors/debt/. 
(15) 
Deloitte, S.L., (Independent Auditors) located at Plaza de Pablo Ruiz Picasso 1, Torre Picasso, Madrid 
28020, Spain, and registered in the Official Registry of Accounting Auditors (Registro Oficial de 
Auditores de Cuentas). Deloitte, S.L. has audited the Issuer’s consolidated financial statements, prepared 
in accordance with IFRS-EU, as of and for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, 
and has issued unqualified audit reports, respectively. 
(16) 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L. (Independent Auditors) located at Torre PwC, Paseo de la 
Castellana, 259B, Madrid 28046, Spain, and registered in the Official Registry of Accounting Auditors 
(Registro Oficial de Auditores de Cuentas). PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L. will audit the 
Issuer’s consolidated financial statements, prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU, from the year ended 
31 December 2024. 
(17) 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in financing, 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to the 
Issuer and/or its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In particular, in the ordinary course of their 
business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and 
actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments 
(including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments 
and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or any of its affiliates. 
Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge 
their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, 
such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist 
of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future 
trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make 
investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such 
securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or 
short positions in such securities and instruments. In addition, conflicts of interest could arise where a 
Dealer is appointed as calculation agent for a Tranche of Notes or if proceeds from any issue of Notes 
under the Programme are used to repay financing granted to the Group by the Dealers and those Dealers 
receive commissions on such Notes. For the purpose of this paragraph, the term “affiliates” includes 
parent companies. 
(18) 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has been assigned the following long-term credit ratings: 
(i) BBB (positive outlook) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited; and  
 
     (ii) Baa2 (positive outlook) by Moody’s Deutschland GmbH.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
DEFINITIONS 
The following definitions shall apply throughout this Base Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise: 
“2022 Consolidated Management 
Report”  ........................................... 
the consolidated management report accompanying the Company’s 
consolidated financial statements for the period ended 31 December 
2022;
“2023 Consolidated Management 
Report” ............................................ 
the consolidated management report accompanying the Company’s 
consolidated financial statements for the period ended 31 December 
2023;
“Agency Agreement” ....................... 
the amended and restated agency agreement dated 10 May 2024 between 
the Issuer, Société Générale Luxembourg as the Fiscal Agent and the 
other agents named in it (as amended or supplemented as at the Issue 
Date) pursuant to which the Notes are issued;
“Alternative Clearing System” ........ 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other permitted clearing 
system;
“APMs” ............................................ 
alternative performance measures (as defined in the ESMA Guidelines 
on Alternative Performance Measures);
“Arranger for the Programme” ......
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking;
“Assets”............................................
the Group’s assets from time to time;
“Base Prospectus” ........................... 
this document issued by the Company in relation to the Programme and 
issuance of Notes for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation;
“BBVA” ...........................................
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A.;
“EU BMR” ......................................
the Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011);
“Board of Directors” .......................
the board of directors of the Company;
“Business Strategy” ......................... 
the Group’s business strategy to be implemented by the Management 
Team;
“By-laws”.........................................
the by-laws (Estatutos) of the Company, as amended from time to time;
“C Rules”.........................................
U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(C)(2)(i)(C);
“Calculation Agent”........................
the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any);
“CIT” ...............................................
Spanish corporate income tax;
“Classic Global Notes” or “CGN”...
Global Notes not issued in NGN form;
“Clearstream, Luxembourg”...........
Clearstream Banking, S.A.;
“Conditions” or “Terms and 
Conditions”......................................
the terms and conditions of the Notes;
“Commercial Property Assets”........ 
(i) office properties; (ii) shopping centres (including retail parks and big 
box properties (i.e., retail stores that occupy large warehouse style 
buildings)); (iii) logistics, including industrial properties; and (iv) other 
commercial real estate properties in the Core and Core Plus segments 
primarily in Spain and, to a lesser extent, in Portugal;
“Common Depositary” .................... 
the common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg;
“Common Safekeeper”....................
the common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg;
“Company” ...................................... 
MERLIN Properties, SOCIMI, S.A., incorporated under the laws of 
Spain, with registered office at Paseo de la Castellana 257, 28046 
Madrid, Spain;
“Core” .............................................. 
segments with real estate assets, with a stabilised long-term cash flow 
stream derived from leases and low capital expenditure needs, which are 
easier to finance and generally command the lowest capitalisation rates;
“Core Plus” ...................................... 
segments with assets of good quality, normally representing to an 
investor the opportunity to increase the asset’s investment yield through 
some event (for example, the asset might have some scheduled vacancy 
or leases rolling over which would give the owner the opportunity to 
increase rents) as well as assets which can benefit from some upgrades 
or renovations by which the investor can then command higher rents and 
improve its returns;

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
“Corporate Tax Regulations” ......... 
Royal Decree 634/2015 approving the Spanish corporate income tax 
regulations;
“Couponholders”.............................
holders of Coupons and Talons;
“Coupons” .......................................
interest coupons relating to interest bearing Notes in bearer form;
“CSSF” ............................................ 
Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier, the competent 
authority under the Prospectus Regulation;
“D Rules”.........................................
U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(C)(2)(i)(D);
“Dealers” ......................................... 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., Banco de Sabadell, S.A., Banco 
Santander, S.A., Bankinter, S.A., BNP Paribas, CaixaBank, S.A., Crédit 
Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, HSBC Continental Europe, 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., Natixis, SMBC Bank EU AG and Société 
Générale, Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed as a Dealer in 
respect of one or more Tranches;
“Dealer Agreement” ........................ 
the amended and restated dealer agreement (as amended or 
supplemented as at the Issue Date) dated 10 May 2024 between the 
Dealers and the Company in relation to the Programme;
“Deed of Covenant” ........................ 
the deed of covenant (as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date) 
dated 10 May 2024 executed by the Issuer in relation to the Notes;
“Delegated Management” ............... 
the ultimate management by MAGIC Real Estate pursuant to certain 
agreements entered into with third parties, of assets under management 
owned by investment vehicles;
“DGT” .............................................. 
the Spanish General Directorate of Taxes (Dirección General de 
Tributos);
“Directors” ....................................... 
the directors of the Company, whose names as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus are set out in “Information on the Company”);
“distributor”.....................................
any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes;
“EEA”..............................................
the European Economic Area;
“EEA Regulated Market” ............... 
means a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II which is situated 
in the European Economic Area;
“EMMI”
the European Money Markets Institute; 
“EPRA” ........................................... 
European Public Real Estate Association. Further information on the 
EPRA, as well as the EPRA Reporting Best Practice Recommendations 
(August 2011) are available at www.epra.com;
“ESMA”...........................................
the European Securities and Markets Authority;
“EU” ................................................
European Union;
“EU CRA Regulation” .................... 
Regulation (EU) No 462/2013 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 21 May 2013 amending Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on 
credit rating agencies;
“EURIBOR”....................................
the Euro Interbank Offered Rate;
“€” or “euro” or “Euro” .................. 
the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the 
European Community as amended;
“Euroclear” .....................................
Euroclear Bank, SA/NV (operator of the Euroclear System); 
“Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act” ................................
the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan, Act No. 25 of 
1948, as amended;
“Final Terms” .................................
final terms for a Tranche;
“Fiscal Agent”.................................
the fiscal agent for the time being (if any);
“GAV”..............................................
gross assets value;
“GLA”..............................................
gross leasable area;
“Global Notes”.................................
temporary Global Notes and permanent Global Notes together;
“GRI” or “Gross Rental Income” ...
gross rental income;
“Group” ...........................................
the Issuer and its Subsidiaries for the time being;
“Ibex 35” .......................................... 
the benchmark stock market index of the Madrid Stock Exchange to 
which the Company was admitted on 12 December 2015;
“IFRS-EU” ...................................... 
International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European 
Union;
“Investor’s Currency” ..................... 
the currency or currency unit an investor’s financial activities are 
denominated in;

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
“Issuer” ............................................ 
MERLIN Properties, SOCIMI, S.A., incorporated under the laws of 
Spain, with registered office at Paseo de la Castellana 257, 28046 
Madrid, Spain;
“Legacy Mandates” ......................... 
the mandates pursuant to which the MAGIC Contracts Key Employees 
will devote part of their time to the supervision and management of 
certain assets ultimately managed by MAGIC Real Estate by virtue of 
certain agreements on Delegated Management and on Separate 
Accounts Management;
“leverage” or “gearing” ................... 
calculated as the borrowings secured on an individual asset as a 
percentage of the market value of that asset, or the aggregate borrowings 
of a company as a percentage of the market value of the total assets of 
the company (also referred to as loan-to-value or LTV ratio). In the 
Business Strategy context, gearing refers to the use of various financial 
instruments or borrowed capital to increase the potential return of the 
asset portfolio;
“LTV” or “Loan to Value Ratio” .... 
the ratio, expressed as a percentage, of Total Net Debt to Gross Assets 
Value;
“MAGIC Contracts Key Employees”
.....................................................
Mr. Ismael Clemente, Mr. Miguel Ollero, Mr. Luis Lázaro and 
Mr. Miguel Oñate;
“MAGIC Real Estate”.....................
MAGIC Real Estate, S.L.;
“Management Team” ...................... 
Mr. Ismael Clemente (CEO), Mr. David Brush (CIO), Mr. Miguel 
Ollero (COO), Mr. Fernando Lacadena (CFO), Mr. Javier Zarrabeitia, 
Mr. Francisco Rivas, Mr. Jesús Vicente, Mr. Manuel García Casas, Mr. 
Luis Lázaro, Mr. Miguel Oñate, Ms. Inés Arellano and Mr. Fernando 
Ramírez;
“Metrovacesa”.................................
Metrovacesa, S.A.;
“MiFID II”......................................
Directive 2014/65/EU;
“MiFID Product Governance 
Rules” ..........................................
the MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 
2017/593;
“Moody’s”........................................
Moody’s Deutschland GmbH;
“NGN” .............................................
new global note;
“Notes”.............................................
notes issued by the Company as specified in this Base Prospectus;
“Noteholders” .................................. 
holders of Notes issued by the Company as specified in this Base 
Prospectus;
“NRI”...............................................
net rental income;
“NRIT” ............................................ 
the Non-Resident Income Tax, Royal Legislative Decree 5/2004, of 5 
March promulgating the Consolidated Text of the NRIT Law, and Royal 
Decree 1776/2004 of 30 July promulgating the NRIT Regulations, along 
with Law 29/1987, of 18 December on the Inheritance and Gift Tax;
“Official List”..................................
the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange;
“Opportunistic” ............................... 
segment involving high risk real estate investments. Properties in this 
segment typically require a high degree of enhancement or involve 
investments in development, greenfield land and niche property sectors;
“Paying Agent”................................
the paying agents for the time being (if any), including the Fiscal Agent;
“Permanent Dealers” ...................... 
Dealers and such additional persons that are appointed as Dealers in 
respect of the whole Programme;
“permanent Global Note” ...............
permanent global note in bearer form representing a Series of Notes;
“Portugal” .......................................
the Portuguese Republic;
“PRIIPs Regulation”.......................
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended;
“Programme” .................................. 
The Euro Medium Term Note Programme described in this Base 
Prospectus;
“Property Portfolio” .......................
the Group’s portfolio of real estate assets from time to time;
“Prospectus Regulation”.................
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129;
“Public Deed” .................................. 
a public deed (escritura publica) that the Issuer will execute if required 
to by Spanish Law in relation to the Notes;

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
“Qualifying Assets” ......................... 
pursuant to the SOCIMI Regime, the types of assets which must 
comprise the assets portfolio of a SOCIMI and which include the 
following: (i) urban real property to be leased; (ii) land plots acquired 
for the development of urban real property to be leased afterwards, 
provided that the development of such property starts within three years 
as from the acquisition date; and/or (iii) participations in Qualifying 
Subsidiaries;
“Qualifying Subsidiaries” ............... 
(i) Spanish SOCIMIs; (ii) foreign entities with similar regime, corporate 
purpose and dividend distribution regime as a Spanish SOCIMI; and 
(iii) Spanish and foreign entities which main corporate purpose is 
investing in real estate for developing rental activities and that shall be 
subject to equal dividend distribution regime and investment and income 
requirements as set out in the SOCIMI Act;
“Regulation S”.................................
Regulation S under the Securities Act;
“REIT”.............................................
A real estate investment fund;
“relevant clearing system” .............. 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant alternative 
clearing system;
“RICS”.............................................
Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors;
“RICS Red Book” ............................ 
the Seventh Edition of the Appraisal and Valuation Manual (or if it has 
been replaced, its equivalent) published by RICS;
“Royal Decree 1065/2007”..............
Royal Decree 1065/2007, of 27 July;
“Santander”.....................................
Banco Santander, S.A.;
“Securities Act” ...............................
U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended;
“Security Interest”...........................
any mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other security interest;
“Separate Accounts Management” . 
MAGIC Real Estate has managed or currently manages certain separate 
accounts by virtue of several mandates entered into in 2013 and 2014 
with Blackstone, Deutsche Bank AG, and Brookfield Property Group;
“Series” ............................................ 
series in which the Notes will be issued, the Notes of each series being 
intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that series;
“SIBE” ............................................. 
the electronic platform for the Spanish Stock Exchanges (Sistema de 
Interconexión Bursátil Español);
“SOCIMI” ....................................... 
a listed limited liability company for investment in the real estate market 
(Sociedad Anónima Cotizada de Inversión en el Mercado Inmobiliario);
“SOCIMI Act” ................................. 
Spanish Law 11/2009, of 26 October, as modified by Spanish Law 
16/2012, of 27 December;
“SOCIMI Regime” or “Spanish 
SOCIMI Regime”............................
Spanish legal provisions applicable to a Spanish SOCIMI pursuant to 
the SOCIMI Act;
“Spain” ............................................
the Kingdom of Spain;
“Spanish Companies Act” ............... 
the consolidated text of the Spanish Companies Act adopted under 
Royal Legislative Decree 1/2010, of 2 July, as amended;
“Spanish GAAP” ............................. 
Royal Decree 1514/2007, of 16 November, approving the Spanish 
General Accounting Plan (Plan General de Contabilidad) and sector 
specific plans, if applicable, and Royal Decree 1159/2010, of 
17 September 2010;
“Spanish Insolvency Act” ............... 
Consolidated text of the Spanish Insolvency Law, approved by Royal 
Decree 1/2020, of 5 May;
“Spanish Securities Market Act” .... 
Law 6/2023 on the Spanish Securities Markets and Investment Services, 
as amended;
“Spanish Stock Exchanges” ...........
Madrid, Barcelona, Bilbao and Valencia stock exchanges;
“Spin-Off” .......................................
the total spin-off (escisión total) of Metrovacesa;
“sqm” ...............................................
square metres;
“Standard & Poor’s” or “S&P” ......
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited;

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
“Subsidiary” .................................... 
means in relation to any company, corporation or other legal entity, (a 
“holding company”), a company, corporation or other legal entity (i) 
which is controlled, directly or indirectly, by the holding company; (ii) 
more than half the issued share capital of which is beneficially owned, 
directly or indirectly, by the holding company; or (iii) which is a 
subsidiary of another Subsidiary of the holding company, and, for this 
purpose, a company or corporation shall be treated as being controlled 
by another if that other company or corporation is able to determine the 
composition of the majority of its board of directors or equivalent body;
“Substantial Shareholder” .............. 
a shareholder that holds a stake equal or higher than 5% of the share 
capital of the Company and either: (i) is exempt from any tax on the 
dividends or subject to tax on the dividends received at a rate lower than 
10% (for these purposes, final tax due under the Spanish Non Resident 
Income Tax Law is also taken into consideration); or (ii) does not timely 
provide the Company with the information evidencing its equal or 
higher than 10% taxation on dividends distributed by the Company in 
the terms set forth in the By-laws;
“Talons”...........................................
talons for further Coupons;
“TEFRA”.........................................
the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982;
“temporary Global Note” ................
temporary global note in bearer form representing a Series of Notes;
“Testa” ............................................. 
Testa Inmuebles en Renta, SOCIMI, S.A., a company incorporated 
under the laws of Spain with registered office at Paseo de la Castellana 
83, 28046 Madrid (Spain);
“Total GAV”....................................
total gross asset value of the Company’s assets from time to time;
“Tranche”........................................
Notes identical in all respects;
“Transfer Tax” ................................ 
Spanish transfer tax (Impuesto sobre Transmisiones Patrimoniales—
ITP);
“Tree” ..............................................
Tree Inversiones SOCIMI, S.A.;
“UK CRA Regulation”  ................... 
Regulation (EU) No 462/2013 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 21 May 2013 amending Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 on credit rating agencies; 
“United Kingdom” or “UK” ............
the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland;
“United States” or “US” .................. 
the United States of America, its territories and possessions, any state of 
the United States and the District of Columbia;
“U.S. dollars”...................................
the lawful currency of the United States;
“Valuation” ..................................... 
the valuation of the Group’s Assets by independent appraisers as of 31 
December 2023;
“Value Added” ................................. 
segment involving medium-to-high risk real estate investments. 
Properties in this category typically exhibit management or operational 
problems, require physical improvement, lease-up and/or suffer from 
capital constraints;
“Value Added Tax” .........................
Spanish value added tax (Impuesto sobre el Valor Añadido—IVA);
“WAULT by Rent Years” ................
the weighted average unexpired lease term;
“yield” .............................................. 
a measure of return on an asset calculated as the income arising on an 
asset expressed as a percentage of the total cost of the asset, including 
costs.
For the purpose of this Base Prospectus, references to one gender include the other gender. 
Any references to any provision of any legislation or regulation shall include any amendment, modification, 
re-enactment or extension thereof for the time being and unless the context otherwise requires or specifies, shall be 
deemed to be legislation or regulations of Spain.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Merlin Properties, SOCIMI, S.A. 
Paseo de la Castellana, 257 
28046 Madrid 
Spain 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 
Up to 31 December 2023 
Deloitte, S.L. 
Plaza de Pablo Ruiz Picasso 1, Torre Picasso 
28020 Madrid 
Spain 
From 1 January 2024 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L.  
Torre PwC 
Paseo de la Castellana, 259B  
28046 Madrid 
Spain 
ARRANGER 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
DEALERS 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Ciudad BBVA 
Calle Sauceda 28 
Edificio Asia 
28050 Madrid 
Spain 
Banco de Sabadell, S.A. 
Avenida Óscar Esplá 37 
03007 Alicante 
Spain 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Avda. De Cantabria s/n 
Edificio Encinar (planta 1) 
28660, Boadilla del Monte, Madrid 
Spain 
Bankinter, S.A. 
Paseo de la Castellana 29 
28046 Madrid 
Spain 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
CaixaBank, S.A. 
Calle del Pintor Sorolla, 2-4 
46002 Valencia 
Spain 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, Place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
Natixis 
7 promenade Germaine Sablon 
75013 Paris 
France 
SMBC Bank EU AG 
Main Tower 18th Floor 
Neue Mainzer Straße 52-58 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
FISCAL AGENT, PAYING AGENT AND LISTING AGENT 
Société Générale Luxembourg 
11, avenue Emile Reuter 
L–2420 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Dealers 
as to English and Spanish law 
To the Issuer 
as to English and Spanish law 
Linklaters, S.L.P. 
Almagro, 40 
28010 Madrid 
Spain 
Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer Rechtsanwälte 
Steuerberater PartG mbB, Sucursal en España de 
Sociedad Profesional  
Torre Europa 
Paseo de la Castellana, 95 
28046 Madrid  
Spain