--- Page 1 ---
This document constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 (1) of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”) relating to the base prospectus of METRO 
AG in respect of non-equity securities within the meaning of Article 2(c) of the Prospectus Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”). 
 
METRO AG 
(incorporated with limited liability in Düsseldorf, Federal Republic of Germany) 
EUR 5,000,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme 
(the “Programme”) 
In relation to notes issued under this Programme (the “Notes”), application has been made to the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur 
Financier (the “CSSF”) of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (“Luxembourg”) in its capacity as competent authority (the “Competent 
Authority”) under the Luxembourg act relating to prospectuses for securities dated 16 July 2019 (Loi du 16 juillet 2019 relative aux 
prospectus pour valeurs mobilières et portant mise en oeuvre du règlement (UE) 2017/1129, the “Luxembourg Act”) for approval of 
this Base Prospectus. 
In order to be able to conduct a public offer and/or listing on a regulated market in relation to certain issues of Notes, the Issuer has 
applied for a notification pursuant to Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation for an offer of such Notes in the Federal Republic of 
Germany (“Germany”). The Issuer may request the CSSF to provide the relevant competent authority in additional host member states 
within the European Economic Area with a notification pursuant to Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the CSSF, as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves 
this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
By approving this Base Prospectus, the CSSF does not assume any responsibility as to the economic and financial soundness of any 
issue of Notes under the Programme and the quality or solvency of the Issuer pursuant to Article 6 (4) of the Luxembourg Act. 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under this Programme to be admitted to trading on the 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (Bourse de Luxembourg) and to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange. Notes may further be issued under the Programme which will not be listed on any stock exchange. 
Potential investors should be aware that any website referred to in this document does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not 
been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
This Base Prospectus will be published in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) as well 
as on the website of the Issuer (www.metroag.de). This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months after its approval. 
The Base Prospectus supersedes the base prospectus dated 13 February 2024. This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of 12 
months after its approval. The validity of the Base Prospectus will end upon expiration of 11 February 2026. Any obligation to 
supplement a base prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply 
when a base prospectus is no longer valid. 
Arranger 
Deutsche Bank 
 
Dealers 
Citigroup 
Deutsche Bank 
ING 
Société Générale 
Corporate & Investment Banking 
Commerzbank 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
J.P. Morgan 
UniCredit 
 
11 February 2025

--- Page 2 ---
(i) 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Responsibility Statement ..................................................................................................................................... 1 
Notice .................................................................................................................................................................. 1 
General Description of the Programme ............................................................................................................... 5 
Risk Factors ......................................................................................................................................................... 8 
I. 
Risks relating to METRO .......................................................................................................... 8 
II. 
Risks relating to the Notes ....................................................................................................... 12 
Consent to the use the Base Prospectus ............................................................................................................. 16 
Documents incorporated by reference ............................................................................................................... 17 
General Description of the Notes ...................................................................................................................... 18 
Forms of the Notes ............................................................................................................................................ 21 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes and Related Information ........................................................................... 23 
General Information applicable to the Notes ..................................................................................................... 24 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes ................................................................................................................... 25 
Option I: Fixed Rate Notes (German Version) ..................................................................................... 25 
Option I: Fixed Rate Notes (English Version)  .................................................................................... 25 
Option II: Floating Rate Notes (German Version) ............................................................................... 68 
Option II: Floating Rate Notes (English Version)…………………………………………………….61 
Form of Final Terms ........................................................................................................................................ 114 
Use of Proceeds ............................................................................................................................................... 138 
Description of METRO AG ............................................................................................................................ 139 
Warning regarding Taxation ............................................................................................................................ 154 
Subscription and Sale ...................................................................................................................................... 155 
ADDRESS LIST ............................................................................................................................................. 160

--- Page 3 ---
1 
 
 
Responsibility Statement 
METRO AG, with its registered office in Düsseldorf, Germany (the “Issuer”) accepts responsibility for the 
information contained in, or incorporated into, this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in the Base Prospectus for which 
it is responsible is in accordance with the facts and that the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect 
its import. 
No other person mentioned in this Base Prospectus, other than the Issuer, is responsible for the information 
given in this Base Prospectus, and any supplement thereto. 
Notice 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and, in relation to any 
tranche of Notes, should be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms (as defined below), 
provided always that any such supplements and such Final Terms shall not form part of the listing particulars 
as contained in this document. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers named under “Subscription and Sale” below that this Base Prospectus 
(including for this purpose, each relevant Final Terms) contains all information which is (in the context of the 
Programme, the issue, offering and sale of the Notes) material; that such information is true and accurate in all 
material respects and is not misleading in any material respect; that any opinions, predictions or intentions 
expressed herein are honestly held or made and are not misleading in any material respect; that this Base 
Prospectus does not omit to state any material fact necessary to make such information, opinions, predictions 
or intentions (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and sale of the Notes) not misleading in any 
material respect; and that all proper enquiries have been made to verify the foregoing. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any 
information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given or made, 
such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any 
Dealer. 
To the extent permitted by the laws of any relevant jurisdiction no representation or warranty is made or implied 
by the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates, and neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the accuracy or completeness of the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms 
nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this 
Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event 
reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, in the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer since the 
date thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that 
any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date 
on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms or Terms and Conditions, as applicable, and the 
offering, sale and delivery of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose 
possession this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform 
themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales 
and deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering 
material relating to the Notes, see “Subscription and Sale”. In particular, Notes have not been and will not be 
registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (as amended, the “Securities Act”) and may be subject 
to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or to U.S. persons. 
This Base Prospectus is drawn up in the English language. The English language version shall prevail over any 
part of this Base Prospectus translated into the German language except for the Final Terms and Terms and 
Conditions in respect of the issue of any tranche of Notes under the Programme in relation to which the 
prevailing language will be specified in such Final Terms and Terms and Conditions. The Issuer accepts

--- Page 4 ---
2 
 
 
responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and confirms that the non-binding 
translation of the Final Terms and the Terms and Conditions of a tranche of Notes, being the German or English 
language, as the case may be, correctly and adequately reflects the respective binding language version. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms for its own constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe 
for or purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any 
of them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any 
Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own 
investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
Each potential investor in Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation and the investment(s) it is considering, an investment in the Notes and the impact the 
Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the relevant 
Notes, including where principal or interest is payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency 
for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, the “MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”). 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
“PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should 
take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (as amended, the “MiFID Product Governance 
Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither 
the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 5 ---
3 
 
 
Prohibition of sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2017/565 as it forms part of English law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”), as amended by the Markets in Financial Instruments 
(Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2018; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Article 68(1) of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Regulated Activities) Order 2001, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(28) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of English law by virtue of the EUWA, as amended by the Markets in Financial Instruments 
(Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2018. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of English law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor or in the 
UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should 
take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes under the Programme, the Dealer(s) who is/are named in 
the relevant Final Terms as the stabilisation manager(s) (or persons acting on its/their behalf) may over-allot 
Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that 
which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may 
begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after 
the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes. 
Any such stabilisation action so taken will be, in all material respects, permitted by or otherwise in accordance 
with all relevant requirements applicable to such actions in the jurisdictions where such actions are effected 
(including rules and other regulatory requirements governing any stock exchange where such Notes are listed). 
Benchmarks register 
Interest amounts payable under the floating rate Notes may be calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank 
Offered Rate (the “EURIBOR”), which is currently provided by European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”) 
or any other reference rate. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, EMMI appears on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
(“ESMA”) pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the 
“Benchmarks Register”). 
In case Notes are issued which make reference to any other benchmark, the relevant Final Terms will specify 
the name of the specific benchmark and the relevant administrator. In such case, the Final Terms will further

--- Page 6 ---
4 
 
 
specify if the relevant administrator is included in the Benchmarks Register or whether the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply or whether an exemption pursuant to Article 
2(2)(a) of the Benchmarks Regulation applies. 
Currencies 
In this Base Prospectus, all references to “EUR” or “euro” are to the euro, the single currency of the member 
states participating in the European Monetary Union, to “GBP” or to “Sterling” are to British pounds the official 
currency of the United Kingdom, to “USD” or to “U.S. dollar” are to U.S. dollar, the official currency of the 
United States of America. 
Forward-Looking Statements 
This Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. A forward-looking statement is a statement 
that does not relate to historical facts and events. They are based on analyses or forecasts of future results and 
estimates of amounts not yet determinable or foreseeable. These forward-looking statements are identified by 
the use of terms and phrases such as “anticipate”, “believe”, “could”, “estimate”, “expect”, “intend”, “may”, 
“plan”, “predict”, “project”, “will” and similar terms and phrases, including references and assumptions. This 
applies, in particular, to statements in this Base Prospectus containing information on future earning capacity, 
plans and expectations regarding METRO’s business and management, its growth and profitability, and general 
economic and regulatory conditions and other factors that affect it. 
Forward-looking statements in this Base Prospectus are based on current estimates and assumptions that the 
Issuer makes to the best of its present knowledge. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, 
uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual results, including METRO’s financial condition and 
results of operations, to differ materially from and be worse than results that have expressly or implicitly been 
assumed or described in these forward-looking statements. METRO’s business is also subject to a number of 
risks and uncertainties that could cause a forward-looking statement, estimate or prediction in this Base 
Prospectus to become inaccurate. Accordingly, investors are strongly advised to read the following sections of 
this Base Prospectus: “Risk Factors” and “Description of METRO AG”. These sections include more detailed 
descriptions of factors that might have an impact on METRO’s business and the markets in which it operates. 
In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, future events described in this Base Prospectus may not 
occur. In addition, neither the Issuer nor the Dealers assume any obligation, except as required by law, to update 
any forward-looking statement or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual events or 
developments. 
Product classification requirements in Singapore 
Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the 
Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS 
Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products).

--- Page 7 ---
5 
 
 
General Description of the Programme 
Under this EUR 5,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme, METRO AG (the “Issuer”) may from time to time 
issue notes (the “Notes”) to Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, Deutsche 
Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE, ING Bank N.V., J.P. Morgan SE, UniCredit Bank 
GmbH and Société Générale as dealer and any additional dealer appointed under the Programme from time to 
time by the Issuer, which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis (together, 
the “Dealers”). 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft acts as arranger (the “Arranger”) in respect of the Programme. 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of the Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will 
not exceed EUR 5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies, including – but not limited 
to – USD, RMB, JPY, CHF, SEK, NOK, AUD, CAD, GBP). The Issuer may increase the amount of the 
Programme in accordance with the terms of the Dealer Agreement (as defined herein) from time to time. 
Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers. Notes may be distributed by way of 
public offer or private placements and, in each case, on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The method of 
distribution of each tranche of Notes (the “Tranche”) will be stated in the relevant final terms (the “Final 
Terms”). 
Notes will be issued in Tranches, each Tranche in itself consisting of Notes, which are identical in all respects. 
One or more Tranches, which are expressed to be consolidated and forming a single series and identical in all 
respects, but having different issue dates, interest commencement dates, issue prices and dates for first interest 
payments may form a series (the “Series”) of Notes. Further Notes may be issued as part of existing Series. 
Notes will be issued under German law in such denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) and as indicated in the applicable Final Terms save that the minimum denomination of the 
Notes will be, if in Euro, EUR 1,000, and, if in any currency other than Euro, an amount in such other currency 
which is at least equivalent to EUR 1,000 at the time of the issue of Notes. Subject to any applicable legal or 
regulatory restrictions, and requirements of relevant central banks, Notes may be issued in Euro or any other 
currency. 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and each 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
The Notes will be freely transferable. 
Notes may be issued at an issue price, which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par, as stated in the 
relevant Final Terms. The issue price for Notes to be issued will be determined at the time of pricing on the 
basis of a yield which will be determined on the basis of the orders of the investors which are received by the 
Dealers during the offer period. Orders will specify a minimum yield and may only be confirmed at or above 
such yield. The resulting yield will be used to determine an issue price, all to correspond to the yield. 
The yield for Notes with fixed interest rates will be calculated by the use of the ICMA method, which determines 
the effective interest rate of notes taking into account accrued interest on a daily basis. 
Notes will be accepted for clearing through one or more clearings systems (the “Clearing Systems”) as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. These Clearings Systems will comprise those operated by Clearstream 
Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main, Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg and Euroclear Bank SA/NV. The 
Notes are intended to be held in a manner, which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Therefore, the Notes will 
be deposited initially upon issue with in the case of (i) a new global note either Clearstream Banking S.A., 
Luxembourg or Euroclear Bank SA/NV as common safekeeper or, (ii) a classical global note Clearstream 
Banking AG, Frankfurt. It does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or 
all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.

--- Page 8 ---
6 
 
 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. will act as Luxembourg Listing Agent and Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
will act as fiscal agent and paying agent (the “Fiscal Agent”). 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should 
take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
Authorisation 
The update of the Programme was authorised by resolutions of METRO AG passed on 10 January 2025. 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the Issue/Offer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may be customers of, borrowers from or creditors of METRO AG and 
its affiliates. In addition, certain Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for METRO AG 
and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Furthermore, in the ordinary course of their business 
activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt 
and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their 
own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve 
securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have 
a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their 
customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by 
entering into transactions, which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short 
positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could 
adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may 
also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such 
securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short 
positions in such securities and instruments. For the purpose of this paragraph, the term “affiliates” also includes 
parent companies. 
Any interests of natural or legal persons involved which are not known at the date of this Base Prospectus, will 
be included in the Final Terms. 
Programme Amount 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will not 
exceed EUR 5,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be converted 
into Euro) at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes (calculated in accordance with the provisions of the 
Dealer Agreement). The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be outstanding at any one 
time under the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant 
provisions of the Dealer Agreement as defined under “Subscription and Sale”. 
Third party information 
Where information has been sourced from a third party, the Issuer confirms that to the best of its knowledge 
this information has been accurately reproduced and that so far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from 
information published by such third party no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.

--- Page 9 ---
7 
 
 
Categories of potential investors 
The Notes will be offered to qualified investors and non-qualified investors. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
Application will be made to list Notes issued under the Programme on the Official List of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and to admit to trading such Notes on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(Bourse de Luxembourg). 
The Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. The 
Programme provides that Notes may be listed on other or further stock exchanges, as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) in relation to each Series, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Notes may further be issued under the Programme without being listed on any stock exchange.

--- Page 10 ---
8 
 
 
Risk Factors 
The following is a disclosure of risk factors which may affect METRO AG’s (together with its consolidated 
subsidiaries, “METRO”) ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. Prospective investors should 
consider these risk factors before deciding whether to purchase the Notes. Prospective investors should 
consider all information provided in this Base Prospectus or incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus and consult with their own professional advisers if they consider it necessary. 
The following description of risk factors and their occurrence within a risk category, with the most material 
risk factor presented first in each category, should be understood as a description of residual risks, i.e. of the 
remaining risks following all counter measures taken in order to avoid such risks or limit their adverse effect. 
Although the most material risk factors have been presented first within each category, the order in which 
the remaining risk factors are presented is not necessarily an indication of the likelihood of the risks actually 
materialising, of the potential significance of the risks or of the scope of any potential negative impact to 
METRO’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. METRO may face a number of 
these risks described below simultaneously and some risks described below may be interdependent. While the 
risk factors below have been divided into categories, some risk factors could belong in more than one category 
and prospective investors should carefully consider all of the risk factors set out in this section. 
Words and expressions defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes shall have the same meanings in 
this section. 
I. 
Risks relating to METRO 
1. 
Risks related to the business environment 
Strategic risks  
Strategic risks include risks related to the group’s business model, the planning and implementation of projects, 
competitiveness and digitalisation.  
METRO has comprehensively revised its strategy in financial year 2021/22. With “sCore”, it has established a 
growth strategy for the period until 2030. The central element of METRO’s strategy is the multichannel 
approach, which combines bricks-and-mortar wholesale stores, whose assortments are consistently aimed at 
professional customers, with the delivery business and digital solutions. Measures and capital expenditures to 
implement the strategy may prove to be inadequate to counteract strategic threats to METRO’s competitiveness 
and lead to losses from lower sales or increased costs.  
Missing significant trends in new sales formats and channels, as well as in our assortment and own-brand 
strategy, can represent an additional strategic risk. 
Macroeconomic and political risks 
As a company with global operations, METRO depends on the political and economic conditions in the 
countries in which it operates. Changes in political leadership or economic imbalances can jeopardise METRO’s 
business. The war in Ukraine continues to affect the safety of METRO’s employees and customers, as well as 
the integrity of its business and supply chains. METRO’s continued presence in Russia entails economic, 
political and reputational risks. With regard to the business in Russia, risks arise from sanctions, counter-
sanctions and government intervention in business operations to the point of potential expropriation as a result 
of the development of the war. Further business risks arise from more difficult access to international financial 
institutions as banks exit the Russian market. 
The European Commission is taking more decisive regulatory action on the relationships between retailers and 
suppliers in the agricultural food chain. This results in risks from revised directives and new regulations that 
could lead to restrictions in business operations. 
Furthermore, the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and the Council on combatting late 
payments in commercial transactions would, in its current version, negatively affect METRO’s liquidity by 
capping payment terms at 30 days, thereby leading to increased interest expenses and a shift from supplier debt 
to financial debt.

--- Page 11 ---
9 
 
 
Interruption of business activities 
METRO’s business may be affected or interrupted by natural disasters or failure of its IT systems. Potential 
cyberattacks present a particular risk. Depending on the severity of the attack, important business processes 
such as purchasing, sales and communication between different METRO units could be impaired. IT systems 
for online retailing must be continuously available, as these systems are a prerequisite for unlimited access 
outside normal store opening times.  
In addition to disruptions of its IT systems, METRO’s business may be affected or interrupted by natural 
disasters or pandemics. Despite METRO’s crisis management systems to protect its employees and customers 
and manage the risk of business interruption, such measures could prove to be ineffective in response to adverse 
events. 
Security and safety risks  
METRO is exposed to different political, social and regulatory environments in the markets in which it operates. 
Security risks include criminal activities, terror and unrest, as well as the issue of operational safety or danger 
to life and limb due to lacking or inadequate safety measures, which could lead to a negative impact on 
METRO’s reputation or its financial position.  
2. 
Sector specific risks 
Store operations and FSD risks 
The markets in which METRO operates are characterised by rapid changes and fierce competition. Lack of 
collection, analysis and use of customer data, uncompetitive pricing or an insufficient level of service may cause 
METRO to fail to meet customer needs and thus jeopardise its growth and profitability targets. 
Furthermore, inadequate market and Food Service Distribution (“FSD”) processes can lead to inefficiencies 
which have a particularly negative impact on inventory levels, profit margins and customer satisfaction.  
Real estate risks 
METRO has extensive real estate assets comprising 623 stores, 522 of which were out-of-store (“OOS”) 
locations, and 94 were depots. The real estate sector is important for the business success of METRO, as around 
half of those locations are owned. 
Delayed repair and maintenance work could lead to legal infringements and real estate impairments as well as 
reputational damage, because the safety and health of customers, suppliers and employees can be endangered 
by deficiencies in the properties.  
Even though the energy markets have currently stabilised at a high price level, it cannot be ruled out that energy 
costs will rise again in the future. More stringent legislation regarding environmental standards such as the 
German Buildings Energy Act (GEG) could also lead to higher costs in various areas of construction and energy 
management, for example through an early exchange of cooling systems.  
3. 
Risks related to the business performance 
Procurement risks 
Production downtimes, supply chain disruptions and price fluctuations for raw materials and energy as a result 
of geopolitical instability can cause the unavailability of goods, interruptions of supply chains and unexpected 
price fluctuations with a destabilising effect on METRO’s business and that of its partners. While METRO seeks 
to manage potential price increases by promoting bundled purchasing, using multiple suppliers and negotiating 
favourable terms with suppliers, such measures could prove to be inadequate to mitigate the effects of price 
increases and other procurement-related risks.

--- Page 12 ---
10 
 
 
Quality risks  
Quality risks include risks related to the quality of the offered products, transport and storage if they lead to an 
impairment of the quality of goods or food safety. Defective or unsafe products could potentially cause major 
damage to the reputation of METRO and pose a lasting threat to the group’s financial success. 
Supply chain risks 
As a wholesale company, METRO depends on the supply of products. Risks in the supply chain include aspects 
such as the reliability of suppliers, inventory management of goods, the management of logistics and transport 
service providers, and cost developments in the logistics market. These aspects can affect the availability of 
products as well as the profitability of METRO. 
Data risks 
Data risks include risks related to data protection and data security as well as risks related to the accuracy, 
completeness, and availability of data necessary to ensure successful use of METRO’s own data. Data theft or 
manipulation by unauthorised parties as part of cyberattacks can also lead to violations of data protection laws 
and thus to fines and reputational risks.  
Human resources risks 
Human resources risks include risks related to the organisational structure of human resources, recruitment and 
retention of staff, appropriate remuneration and the exit process, as well as risks to corporate culture. In 
particular, METRO depends on the support of its employees in implementing its growth strategy. However, it 
could fail to attract new employees or retain existing personnel, which could be a risk for reaching its strategic 
goals.  
4. 
Financial, legal and regulatory risks 
Delisting risk 
On 5 February 2025, METRO AG entered into a delisting agreement with its largest shareholder EP Global 
Commerce GmbH. Pursuant to this agreement EP Global Commerce GmbH will make a delisting offer with 
regard to all outstanding shares and METRO AG will apply to the Frankfurt Stock Exchange to revoke the 
admission of the METRO AG shares to trading on the regulated market (Prime Standard) of the Frankfurt Stock 
Exchange. Once the revocation becomes effective, the METRO AG shares will no longer be admitted to trading 
and will no longer be traded on a domestic regulated market or a comparable market abroad. As a consequence 
of such delisting METRO AG will no longer be subject to statutory requirements applicable to companies whose 
shares are admitted to trading on regulated markets. Such requirements include, inter alia, transparency 
obligations and certain market abuse rules. For example, METRO AG will no longer be obliged to publish 
quarterly financial information and, arguably, the threshold for METRO AG to publish ad hoc notifications 
changes. The decrease of financial and other information available to holders of the Notes (the “Noteholders”) 
may have an adverse impact on the Noteholders’ ability to form a view on METRO AG’s actual financial and 
business position at any one time. 
Price risks 
As a global operating company, METRO is exposed to risks in connection with price changes resulting from 
the impact of changes in market interest rates and foreign currencies exchange rates on the value of financial 
instruments. 
METRO also faces currency risks in its international procurement of merchandise and because of costs, 
financings and lease agreements that are incurred in a currency other than the relevant local currency or are 
pegged to the development of another currency. In accordance with its group guidelines, METRO seeks to hedge 
foreign currency positions. However, there is a risk that such hedging instruments will not be available for 
METRO at reasonable costs or due to regulatory or legal restrictions in the respective countries. 
In connection with the hedging of interest rate and currency exchange rate changes, METRO may also face 
credit risks. Such risks may arise from the total or partial default of a counterparty, for example, through

--- Page 13 ---
11 
 
 
bankruptcy or in connection with financial investments and derivative financial instruments with positive 
market values. 
Price changes and credit risks from dealings with counterparties in the context of financial transactions may 
therefore have a significant negative impact on METRO’s financial results. 
Financial risks 
Without timely countermeasures, unexpected external influences on METRO’s business activities or other 
changes in the business environment could potentially result in METRO missing its target figures. In addition, 
delayed recognition of such changes could lead to METRO making wrong business decisions. 
Furthermore, potential defaults by commercial partners and customers represents a financial risk. While 
METRO seeks to manage credit risk through its internal scoring of customers, as well as limits on external 
investments with banks based on credit ratings and credit spreads, such measures could prove to be inadequate.  
METRO relies on external financing instruments, such as bonds, commercial paper or bank financings. It is 
therefore exposed to the risks of being unable to procure funding or being able to only procure funding at higher 
costs (liquidity risks). Liquidity risks may arise, for example, as a result of temporary capital market disruptions, 
creditor defaults, insufficient credit facilities or the absence of budgeted incoming payments and may have a 
negative impact on METRO’s financial position. Furthermore, a potential downgrade of its credit rating from 
the current investment grade level would lead to higher borrowing costs (for example a step-up in the coupon 
of outstanding Notes could be triggered) and may have a negative effect on the availability of financing or 
refinancing opportunities and at the same time could lead to higher financing needs, if suppliers reduce the 
average days payables granted to METRO.  
Transaction risks 
Transaction risks include all risks arising from the acquisition and disposal of companies (or company shares). 
These include legal and tax risks, guarantees, non-recurring and residual costs, and market reactions to the 
transaction. For example, liability risks may arise for CECONOMY AG in conjunction with the demerger of the 
METRO GROUP in 2017. 
Environmental and social risks 
Regulatory and social regulations regarding compliance with human rights and environmental due diligence are 
becoming more stringent. Additional legal obligations, such as those relating to sustainability reporting 
(Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive), deforestation-free supply chains (European Deforestation 
Regulation) or the German Supply Chain Due Diligence Act (LkSG), create risks of breaches of national and 
European requirements due to potential non-compliance with environmental and social aspects. In addition to 
fines and damage to reputation, falling short of environmental and social targets and obligations can also lead 
to limited access to financing instruments. This also results in potential risks to the stability of METRO’s supply 
chains. 
Further risks with comparable impacts result from planned EU directives on reducing the ecological footprint, 
new packaging regulations, potential plastic taxes, extended manufacturer responsibility and new labelling 
requirements for own brands.  
Tax, legal and compliance risks 
With operations in more than 30 countries and cross-border business relations between different group 
companies, METRO is exposed to various tax, legal and compliance risks. Tax risks can primarily arise in 
relation to the assessment of financial matters by the tax authorities (including transfer price issues). Additional 
risks may result from differing interpretations of sales tax (VAT) regulations. Legal and compliance risks include 
risks related to antitrust law, corruption, fraud, money laundering and unfair trade practices, as well as general 
legal risks. The materialisation of one of such risks could have a negative impact on METRO’s financial 
position.

--- Page 14 ---
12 
 
 
II. 
Risks relating to the Notes 
1. 
Risks related to the nature of the Notes 
Market Price Risk. 
The development of market prices of the Notes depends on various factors, such as changes of market interest 
rate levels, the policies of central banks, overall economic developments, inflation rates or the lack of or excess 
demand for the relevant type of Note. The Noteholders are therefore exposed to the risk of an unfavourable 
development of market prices of their Notes which materialise if the Noteholders sell the Notes prior to the final 
maturity of such Notes. If a Noteholder decides to hold the Notes until final maturity, the Notes will be redeemed 
at the amount set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
A Noteholder of Fixed Rate Notes is particularly exposed to the risk that the price of such Notes falls as a result 
of changes in the market interest rate. While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate Note as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms is fixed during the life of such Notes, the current interest rate on the capital market 
(the “market interest rate”) typically changes on a daily basis. As the market interest rate changes, the price 
of Fixed Rate Notes also changes, but in the opposite direction. If the market interest rate increases, the price of 
Fixed Rate Notes typically falls, until the yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the market interest rate 
of comparable issues. If the market interest rate falls, the price of Fixed Rate Notes typically increases, until the 
yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the market interest rate of comparable issues. If the holder of 
Fixed Rate Notes holds such Notes until maturity, changes in the market interest rate are without relevance to 
such Noteholder as the Notes will be redeemed at a specified redemption amount, usually the principal amount 
of such Notes. 
A holder of Floating Rate Notes is particularly exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain 
interest income. Fluctuating interest rate levels make it impossible to determine the profitability of Floating 
Rate Notes in advance. 
Neither the current nor the historical value of the relevant floating rate should be taken as an indication of the 
future development of such floating rate during the term of any Notes. 
Liquidity Risk. 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under this Programme to be 
admitted to trading on the Regulated Market or on the professional segment of the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. In addition, 
the Programme provides that Notes may not be listed at all. Regardless of whether the Notes are listed or not, 
there is a risk that no liquid secondary market for the Notes will develop or, if it does develop, that it will not 
continue. The fact that the Notes may be listed does not necessarily lead to greater liquidity as compared to 
unlisted Notes. If Notes are not listed on any exchange, pricing information for such Notes may, however, be 
more difficult to obtain which may affect the liquidity of the Notes adversely. In an illiquid market, an investor 
is subject to the risk that he will not be able to sell his Notes at any time at fair market prices. An investor’s 
ability to sell the Notes may also be restricted for country specific reasons. 
Currency Risk. 
A Noteholder of Notes denominated in a foreign currency (i.e. a currency which is different from the official 
currency where the investor is domiciled) is particularly exposed to the risk of changes in currency exchange 
rates which may affect the yield of such Notes. Changes in currency exchange rates result from various factors 
such as macro-economic factors, speculative transactions and interventions by central banks and governments. 
A change in the value of any foreign currency against the euro, for example, will result in a corresponding 
change in the euro value of Notes denominated in a currency other than euro and a corresponding change in the 
euro value of interest and principal payments made in a currency other than euro in accordance with the terms 
of such Notes. If the underlying exchange rate falls and the value of the euro correspondingly rises, the price of 
the Notes and the value of interest and principal payments made thereunder expressed in euro falls.

--- Page 15 ---
13 
 
 
In addition, government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable currency exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest 
or principal than expected, or no interest or principal at all. 
2. 
Risks related to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Risk of Early Redemption. 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate (i) whether the Issuer may have the right to call the Notes prior to 
maturity (optional call right) on one or several dates determined beforehand, (ii) whether the Issuer may have 
the right to call the Notes in case of a certain transaction has been terminated prior to completion (Transaction 
Trigger Event), and/or (iii) whether the Issuer may have the right to call the Notes on a specific date (Call 
Redemption Date(s)) at a specific amount (Call Redemption Amount(s)). Furthermore, the Issuer has a right for 
termination in the case of Floating Rate Notes if a Successor Reference Rate, an Adjustment Spread, if any, 
cannot be determined following a Discontinuation Event as set out in the Terms and Conditions. In addition, 
the Issuer will always have the right to redeem the Notes if the Issuer is required to pay additional amounts 
(gross-up payments) on the Notes for reasons of taxation as set out in the Terms and Conditions. If the Issuer 
redeems the Notes prior to maturity or the Notes are subject to early redemption due to a change of control or 
an early redemption event, a holder of such Notes is exposed to the risk that due to such early redemption his 
investment will have a lower than expected yield. The Issuer can be expected to exercise his optional call right 
if the yield on comparable Notes in the capital market has fallen which means that the investor may only be able 
to reinvest the redemption proceeds in comparable Notes with a lower yield. On the other hand, the Issuer can 
be expected not to exercise his optional call right if the yield on comparable Notes in the capital market has 
increased. In this event an investor will not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in comparable Notes 
with a higher yield. It should be noted, however, that the Issuer may exercise any optional call right irrespective 
of market interest rates on a call date. 
Specific risks regarding Floating Rate Notes linked to EURIBOR and other interest rate 'benchmarks'. 
The interest rates of Floating Rate Notes are linked to reference rates such as the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
(EURIBOR) which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (each a “Benchmark” and together, the “Benchmarks”) 
and which are the subject of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for 
reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may 
cause such Benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any 
Notes linked to such a Benchmark. For example, this also applies to the EURIBOR as it is currently not 
foreseeable whether the EURIBOR will be discontinued from 2025. 
Key international proposals for reform of Benchmarks include the European Council's Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to 
measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and 
Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the “Benchmarks Regulation”) which is fully applicable since 1 January 2018.  
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on Notes linked to a Benchmark, including in any of 
the following circumstances: 
(i) 
a rate or index which is a Benchmark may only be used if its administrator obtains authorisation or is 
registered and in case of an administrator which is based in a non-EU jurisdiction, if the administrator's 
legal benchmark system is considered equivalent (Article 30 Benchmarks Regulation), the 
administrator is recognised (Article 32 Benchmarks Regulation) or the Benchmark is endorsed 
(Article 33 Benchmarks Regulation) (subject to applicable transitional provisions). If this is not the 
case, Notes linked to such Benchmarks could be impacted; and 
(ii) 
the methodology or other terms of the Benchmark could be changed in order to comply with the terms 
of the Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could have the effect of reducing or increasing the 
rate or level or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, and could impact the Notes, 
including Calculation Agent determination of the rate. 
Following the implementation of such potential reforms, the manner of administration of Benchmarks may 
change, with the result that they perform differently than in the past, or Benchmarks could be eliminated entirely,

--- Page 16 ---
14 
 
 
or there could be consequences which cannot be predicted. Any changes to a Benchmark as a result of the 
Benchmarks Regulation or other initiatives could have a material adverse effect on the costs of obtaining 
exposure to a Benchmark or the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect of 
discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or participate in certain Benchmarks, trigger 
changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain Benchmarks or lead to the disappearance of certain 
Benchmarks. 
Under the terms of the Benchmarks Regulation, the European Commission has also been granted powers to 
designate a replacement for certain critical benchmarks contained in contracts governed by the laws of an EU 
Member State, where that contract does not already contain a suitable fallback. It is currently unclear whether 
the fallback provisions of the Notes would be considered suitable, and there is therefore a risk that if the consent 
to solicitation is not successful the Notes would be required to transition to a replacement benchmark rate 
selected by the European Commission. There is no certainty at this stage what any such replacement benchmark 
would be. 
Investors should be aware that, if a Benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest 
on Floating Rate Notes which are linked to or which reference such Benchmark will be determined for the 
relevant interest period by the fallback provisions applicable to such Notes. The Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes also provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published Benchmark, such as 
EURIBOR (including any screen page on which such Benchmark may be published (or any successor page)) 
becomes unavailable. 
In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of a Successor Reference Rate (as defined in § 3 
of the Terms and Conditions in Option II), the relevant further fallback provisions with a view to a Rate 
Replacement Event (as defined in § 3 of the Terms and Conditions in Option II) may not operate as intended at 
the relevant time. If a Rate Replacement Event (which, amongst other events, includes the permanent 
discontinuation of the Benchmark) occurs, fallback arrangements will include the possibility that: 
(i) 
the relevant rate of interest could be determined by reference to a Successor Reference Rate determined 
by (i) the Issuer if in its opinion the Successor Reference Rate is obvious and as such without any 
reasonable doubt determinable by an investor that is knowledgeable in the respective type of bonds, 
such as the Notes, or (ii) failing which, an independent advisor (each, the “Relevant Determining 
Party”); and 
(ii) 
such Successor Reference Rate may be adjusted (if required) by an Adjustment Spread (as defined in 
§ 3 of the Terms and Conditions in Option II) to be applied to the Successor Reference Rate in order to 
reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any transfer of economic value between the 
Issuer and the Noteholders that would otherwise arise as a result of the replacement of the Benchmark 
against the Successor Reference Rate. 
However, the Issuer may be unable to appoint an independent advisor at commercially reasonable terms, using 
reasonable endeavours or the Relevant Determining Party may not be able to determine a Successor Reference 
Rate, an Adjustment Spread, if any, in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Floating Rate Notes. 
If a Successor Reference Rate, an Adjustment Spread, if any, cannot be determined, the rate of interest for the 
relevant interest period will be the rate of interest applicable as at the last preceding interest determination date 
before the occurrence of the Discontinuation Event, or, where the Discontinuation Event occurs before the first 
interest determination date, the rate of interest will be the initial rate of interest. Applying the initial rate of 
interest, or the rate of interest applicable as at the last preceding interest determination date before the occurrence 
of the Discontinuation Event could result in Notes linked to or referencing the relevant Benchmark performing 
differently (which may include payment of a lower rate of interest) than they would do if the relevant Benchmark 
were to continue to apply, or if a Successor Reference Rate could be determined. Ultimately, if the Issuer does 
not use its right for termination pursuant to § 4 of the Terms and Conditions in Option II, it could result in the 
same Benchmark rate being applied for the determination of the relevant rates of interest until maturity of the 
Floating Rate Notes, effectively turning the floating rate of interest into a fixed rate of interest. In that case, a 
Noteholder would no longer participate in any favourable movements of market interest rates.

--- Page 17 ---
15 
 
 
Also, even if a Successor Reference Rate was determined and an Adjustment Spread, if any, was applied to that 
Successor Reference Rate, such an Adjustment Spread may not be effective to reduce or eliminate economic 
prejudice to Noteholders. 
No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting any relevant Successor Reference 
Rate or any other related adjustments and/or amendments described above. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Investors should note that, in the case of a replacement of a Benchmark the Relevant Determining Party will 
have discretion to adjust the Successor Reference Rate in the circumstances described above. Any such 
adjustment could have unexpected commercial consequences and there can be no assurance that, due to the 
particular circumstances of each Noteholder, any such adjustment will be favourable to each Noteholder. 
Investors should be aware that they face the risk that any changes to the relevant Benchmark may have a material 
adverse effect on the value or the liquidity of and the amounts payable under Notes whose rate of interest is 
linked to a Benchmark. 
Resolutions of Noteholders. 
Since the Notes provide for meetings of the Noteholders or the taking of votes without a meeting, a Noteholder 
is subject to the risk of being outvoted by a majority resolution of the Noteholders. As such majority resolution 
is binding on all Noteholders, certain rights of such Noteholder against the Issuer under the Terms and 
Conditions may be amended or reduced or even cancelled. 
Noteholders’ Representative. 
Since the Notes provide for the appointment of a Noteholders’ Representative, either in the Terms and 
Conditions or by a majority resolution of the Noteholders, it is possible that a Noteholder may be deprived of 
its individual right to pursue and enforce its rights under the Terms and Conditions against the Issuer, such right 
passing to the Noteholders’ Representative who is then exclusively responsible to claim and enforce the rights 
of all the Noteholders. 
Notes with an interest rate step-up mechanism triggered by a rating downgrade. 
If “Rating Downgrade Step-up” is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Original Rate of 
Interest will increase by the amount specified in the relevant Final Terms on the occurrence of a Rating 
Downgrade Step-up Event. However, such amount may be insufficient to compensate Noteholders for the 
increased credit risk associated with the Notes, and therefore may lead to a material adverse effect on the price 
of the Notes.

--- Page 18 ---
16 
 
 
Consent to the use the Base Prospectus 
With respect to Article 5 (1) of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer may consent, to the extent and under the 
terms and conditions, if any, indicated in the relevant Final Terms, to the use of the Base Prospectus for a certain 
period of time or as long as the Base Prospectus is valid in accordance with Article 12 (1) of the Prospectus 
Regulation and accepts responsibility for the content of the Base Prospectus also with respect to subsequent 
resale or final placement of Notes by any financial intermediary which was given consent to use the prospectus, 
if any. 
Such consent may be given to one or more (individual consent) specified Dealer(s) and/or financial 
intermediary/intermediaries, as stated in the Final Terms. In such case the Base Prospectus may be used in the 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and Germany, where the Base Prospectus has been passported to. 
Such consent by the Issuer is subject to each Dealer and/or financial intermediary complying with the terms and 
conditions described in this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms as well as any applicable selling 
restrictions. The distribution of this Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus, if any, and the 
relevant Final Terms as well as the offering, sale and delivery of Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted 
by law. 
Each Dealer and/or each financial intermediary, if any, and/or each person into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus, if any, and the relevant Final Terms come are required to 
inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions. The Issuer reserves the right to withdraw its consent 
to the use of this Base Prospectus in relation to certain Dealers and/or each financial intermediary. 
This Base Prospectus may only be delivered to potential investors together with all supplements published 
before such delivery. Any supplement to the Base Prospectus is available for viewing in electronic form on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and on the website of the Issuer 
(www.metroag.de). 
When using this Base Prospectus, each Dealer and/or relevant further financial intermediary must make certain 
that it complies with all applicable laws and regulations in force in the respective jurisdictions. 
In the event of an offer being made by a Dealer and/or a further financial intermediary the Dealer and/or 
the further financial intermediary shall provide information to investors on the terms and conditions of 
the Notes at the time of that offer. 
Any new information with respect to financial intermediaries unknown at the time of the approval of the 
Base Prospectus or any supplements thereto or the filing of the Final Terms will be published on the 
website of the Issuer (https://www.metroag.de/en/investors/bonds).

--- Page 19 ---
17 
 
 
Documents incorporated by reference 
The following documents mentioned in the table below shall be incorporated into this Base Prospectus: 
Document / Heading 
Page reference in the 
relevant financial report 
METRO AG 
Annual Report 2022/23 
Consolidated Financial Statements of METRO AG 
 
Economic Report 
Income Statement 
Balance Sheet 
Statement of changes in equity 
Cashflow Statement 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
Independent Auditor’s Report 
62 - 72 
98 
100 
101 
102 
103 - 173 
175 - 184 
METRO AG’s Annual Report 2022/23 can be found on the following website: 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/10859b8aec855a4ee98e87e35038031c1d 
METRO AG 
Annual Report 2023/24 
Consolidated Financial Statements of METRO AG 
 
Economic Report 
Income Statement 
Balance Sheet 
Statement of changes in equity 
Cashflow Statement 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
Independent Auditor’s Report 
62 - 72 
95 
97 
98 
99 
100 - 163 
165 - 175 
METRO AG’s Annual Report 2023/24 can be found on the following website: 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/10909fac573b554a4a89c31c8c8ede0e26 
METRO AG 
Quarterly Statement 3M/Q1 2024/25 
Interim Financial Statements of METRO AG as of and for the three 
months ended 31 December 2024 
 
Income Statement 
Balance Sheet 
Cashflow Statement 
6 
7 - 8 
9 
METRO AG’s Quarterly Statement 3M/Q1 2024/25 can be found on the following website: 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/10ce9b2594389047fb83a747db57a383dd 
 
Any document incorporated by reference (as specified in the table above under “Documents Incorporated by 
Reference”) and this Base Prospectus will be available for inspection at the specified office of the Issuer and at 
the specified office of the Fiscal Agent during normal business hours, as long as any of the Notes are 
outstanding, and on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
Such documents may also be obtained free of charge at the registered office of METRO AG and are also 
available on the website of METRO AG (www.metroag.de).

--- Page 20 ---
18 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, such parts of the documents relating to METRO AG for the financial years 2023/24 
and 2022/23 and for the Interim Financial Statements as of and for the three months ended 31 December 2024 
which are not explicitly listed in the table above, are not incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Information contained in such parts is either of no relevance for an investor or covered in other parts of this 
Base Prospectus. 
Any websites included in the Base Prospectus are for information purposes only and do not form part of the 
Base Prospectus. 
General Description of the Notes 
General 
The following description is an abstract presentation of the following possible structures of the Notes to be 
issued under the terms of this Base Prospectus and does not refer to a specific issue of Notes which will be 
issued under the terms of this Base Prospectus. 
The relevant terms and conditions of the Notes, which will govern the relationship between the Issuer and the 
Noteholders, are attached to the relevant global note(s) and form an integral part of such global note(s). The 
forms of terms and conditions for the Notes are set out in the Section “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” of 
this Base Prospectus. 
Potential investors should note that information relating to a specific issue of Notes that is not yet known at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, including but not limited to the issue price, the date of the issue, the level of the 
interest rate, the type of interest payable and the maturity date, is not contained in this section of this Base 
Prospectus but in the relevant Final Terms. Consequently, the following description does not contain all 
information relating to the Notes. Any investment decision by an investor should therefore be made only on the 
basis of full information on the Issuer and on the Notes to be offered which is set out in this Base Prospectus, 
the relevant Final Terms for such Notes when read together with this Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto 
and the relevant terms and conditions applicable to the Notes. 
Issue price of the Notes and Yield 
Notes may be issued at an issue price as stated in the relevant Final Terms. The issue price for Notes to be issued 
will be determined on a fixed price basis or at the time of pricing on the basis of a yield which will be determined 
on the basis of the orders of the investors which are received by the Dealers during the offer period. Orders will 
specify a minimum yield and may only be confirmed at or above such yield. The resulting yield will be used to 
determine an issue price, all to correspond to the yield. 
The yield for Fixed Rate Notes will be calculated by the use of the ICMA method, which determines the effective 
interest rate of Notes taking into account accrued interest on a daily basis. 
Interest on the Notes and Redemption of the Notes 
The Programme provides for the issue of Notes with the following interest and/or redemption structures: 
1. 
Fixed Rate Notes; and 
2. 
Floating Rate Notes. 
Notes will be redeemed at the maturity date at their redemption amount. The redemption amount does not 
depend on the performance of an underlying and will not be less than the principal amount of the Notes. Hence, 
Notes with a derivative component within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation will not be issued under 
the Programme. 
1. 
Fixed Rate Notes 
In the case of Fixed Rate Notes, the rate of interest on the basis of which periodic interest payments are 
calculated will be specified before the issue date of the Notes.

--- Page 21 ---
19 
 
 
2. 
Floating Rate Notes 
In the case of Floating Rate Notes, the interest rate on the basis of which the amount of interest payable to the 
Noteholders is calculated is not specified at the issue date of the Notes. Instead, the rate at which interest accrues 
changes over time and only the relevant variable rate on which the rate of interest on the Notes is based is 
specified. Floating Rate Notes may be issued with a structure where the interest rate applicable to the Floating 
Rate Notes is based on a reference rate such as the EURIBOR (the “Reference Rate”). 
Reference Rate 
The Reference Rate may be the EURIBOR or a different reference rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR) is a daily interest rate at which Eurozone banks offer to lend 
unsecured funds to other banks for a term of one week, two weeks, one month, two months, three months, six 
months and twelve months. 
Each reference rate reflects the normal terms currently applying on the capital market for raising funds in the 
form of debt capital for a period of between one week to twelve months. 
Additional features of Floating Rate Notes 
Floating Rate Notes are linked to a Reference Rate and may be structured in accordance with one or more of 
the following variants: 
(i) 
the Reference Rate represents the rate of interest applicable to the Notes on a one-to-one basis; 
or 
(ii) 
a fixed rate of interest (margin) is added (premium) to the Reference Rate, depending on the 
credit rating of the Issuer, the maturity of the Notes and the interest rates currently applying on 
the capital market for raising debt capital, i.e. the Reference Rate and the premium together 
produce the rate of interest applicable to the Notes (the “Floating Rate Notes with an Interest 
Premium”); or 
(iii) 
a fixed rate of interest (margin) is deducted (discount) from the Reference Rate depending on 
the maturity of the Notes and the interest rates currently applying on the capital market for 
raising debt capital, i.e. the Reference Rate after deducting the discount produces the rate of 
interest applicable to the Notes (the “Floating Rate Notes with an Interest Discount”); or 
(iv) 
the rate of interest based on the Reference Rate is limited to a lower minimum interest rate 
determined in advance (minimum rate of interest or “Floor”), i.e. even if the Reference Rate 
was to be lower than the Floor, the Floor would be applicable to the Notes for the relevant 
interest period or the whole term of the Notes (the “Floating Rate Notes with a Floor”); or 
(v) 
the rate of interest based on the Reference Rate is limited to an upper maximum interest rate 
determined in advance (maximum rate of interest or “Cap”), i.e. even if the Reference Rate 
was to be higher than the Cap, the Cap would be applicable to the Notes for the relevant interest 
period or the whole term of the Notes (the “Floating Rate Notes with a Cap”); or 
(vi) 
the rate of interest based on the Reference Rate is limited to a lower minimum interest rate 
determined in advance (minimum rate of interest or “Floor”) and an upper maximum interest 
rate determined in advance (maximum rate of interest or “Cap”), i.e. even if the Reference Rate 
was to be lower than the Floor, the Floor would be applicable to the Notes for the relevant 
interest period or the whole term of the Notes, or even if the Reference Rate was to be higher 
than the Cap, the Cap would be applicable to the Notes for the relevant interest period or the 
whole term of the Notes (the “Floating Rate Notes with a Floor and a Cap”). 
Due dates for interest payments and calculation of the amount of interest 
Interest payments may be made monthly, quarterly, semi-annually or annually. The amount of interest payable 
in respect of the Notes is calculated by applying the relevant interest rate for the interest period concerned and 
the day count fraction to the par value of the Notes.

--- Page 22 ---
20 
 
 
Redemption of the Notes at maturity 
Notes issued under the terms of this Base Prospectus have a maturity which is determined at the issue date. Prior 
to the issue date of the Notes, the Issuer determines the maturity date on which it is obliged to redeem the Notes 
and the Issuer determines the amount at which it is obliged to redeem them. 
The redemption amount of the Notes will not be less than the nominal amount of the Notes. 
Early redemption of the Notes 
(1) 
Optional rights of early redemption 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes may provide for the following rights of early termination at the option 
of the Issuer and/or the Noteholder: 
(i) 
Early redemption at the option of the Issuer: right of early termination of the Issuer at 
predetermined early redemption dates at predetermined early redemption amount(s); 
(ii) 
Early redemption at the option of the Noteholder: (i) right of early termination of the Noteholder 
at predetermined early redemption dates at predetermined early redemption amount(s) and/or 
(ii) right of early termination of the Noteholder in case of a change of control occurs. 
(2) 
Non-optional rights of early redemption 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes may provide for the following non-optional rights of early redemption: 
(i) 
Tax call: right of early redemption of the Issuer for reasons of taxation in case of a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, relevant tax laws and regulations as further specified in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes; and 
(ii) 
Events of default: Furthermore, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for a right of 
early redemption by a Noteholder due to the occurrence of an event of default as further 
specified in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. Events of default comprise aspects such as 
a default with regard to the payment of interest and/or principal, failure by the Issuer to perform 
any other obligation under the Notes, cross-default by the Issuer in relation to any indebtedness 
specified in the Terms and Conditions, an unsatisfied judgement against the Issuer in excess of 
an aggregate amount of EUR 75,000,000, the opening of insolvency proceedings against the 
Issuer the winding up, liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer the unlawfulness for the Issuer to 
comply with its obligations under the Notes is not in full force and effect. If an event of default 
occurs and is continuing or if the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any of its 
other obligations in any material respect under the Notes may be remedied by the Issuer within 
30 days after written notice addressed to the Issuer by any Noteholder. 
Any early redemption amount applicable to the Notes will not be less than the nominal amount of the Notes. 
Substitution of the Issuer 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders, at any time substitute for the Issuer any of its affiliates 
within the meaning of § 15 Aktiengesetz (German Stock Corporation Act) provided that the new Issuer (i) 
assumes all obligations of the Issuer arising from or in connection with the Notes and (ii) the new Issuer has 
obtained any necessary authorisation from the competent authorities and subject to further conditions as 
specified in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders, issue further Notes having the same 
terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the issue date and/or issue price) 
so as to form a single series with the Notes.

--- Page 23 ---
21 
 
 
Amendments to the Terms and Conditions 
Sections 5 et seqq. of the German Bond Act (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz) are applicable in relation to the 
Notes. Noteholders may amend the Terms and Conditions of the Notes by majority resolution. Such resolution 
requires a majority of not less than 75 per cent. of the votes participating in the vote. Noteholders may in 
particular agree to a change of the due date for payment of interest and/or reduction of interest and/or principal; 
a subordination of claims arising from the Notes; a conversion of the Notes into, or the exchange of the Notes 
for, shares; an exchange or release of security; a change of the currency of the Notes; a waiver or restriction of 
Noteholders’ rights to give notice of termination under the Notes; an amendment or a rescission of ancillary 
provisions of the Notes; and an appointment or a removal of a common representative for the Noteholders. 
Majority resolutions are binding on all Noteholders, notwithstanding their exercise of their voting right. 
The Noteholders may by majority resolution appoint a common representative to exercise the Noteholders’ 
rights on behalf of each Noteholder. 
Minimum Denomination of the Notes 
The minimum denomination of Notes issued under the Programme is EUR 1,000 or the equivalent amount in 
another currency. 
Currency of the Notes 
Notes may be issued in any currency as determined by the Issuer subject to applicable laws and regulations. 
Status and ranking of Notes 
The obligations under the Notes constitute unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer ranking pari 
passu among themselves and pari passu with all other unsecured and unsubordinated present and future 
obligations of the Issuer unless such other obligations take priority by mandatory provisions of law. 
Negative Pledge 
The Notes provide for a negative pledge by the Issuer. So long as any Note remains outstanding, the Issuer shall 
not and shall procure that its subsidiaries shall not, create or permit to subsist any security interest upon the 
whole or any part of its present or future assets or revenues to secure any indebtedness without at the same time 
or prior thereto securing the Notes equally and rateably therewith. Permitted security interests, as defined in the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, are exempt from the negative pledge. 
Governing law, place of performance, jurisdiction and limitation period 
The Notes, as to form and content, all other documentation and all rights and obligations of the Noteholders and 
the Issuer shall be governed by German law. 
Place of performance shall be Frankfurt am Main. The District Court (Landgericht) in Frankfurt am Main shall 
have non-exclusive jurisdiction for any action or other legal proceedings arising out of or in connection with 
the Notes. 
The presentation period provided in Section 801 paragraph 1 sentence 1 of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches 
Gesetzbuch) is reduced to ten years for the Notes. If presentation occurs, the claim prescribes within two years 
from the end of the presentation period. 
Forms of the Notes 
Each tranche of Notes will initially be in the form of either a temporary global note (the “Temporary Global 
Note”), without interest coupons, or a permanent global note (the “Permanent Global Note”), without interest 
coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms or, as the case may be, in the Terms and 
Conditions. Notes may be issued in new global note (“NGN”) or in classical global note (“CGN”) form, both 
as stated in the relevant Final Terms or, as the case may be, in the Terms and Conditions. Each Temporary 
Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Note (each a “Global Note”) will be deposited on or 
around the Issue Date of the relevant tranche of Notes with Clearstream Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 
65760 Eschborn, Germany (“Clearstream, Frankfurt”), or, in the case of a Global Note which will be issued

--- Page 24 ---
22 
 
 
in CGN form, as stated in the relevant Final Terms or, as the case may be, in the Terms and Conditions, with a 
depositary or a common depositary, as applicable, for Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 
Brussels, Belgium (“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, 
Luxembourg (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”), and/or any other relevant clearing system. A Global Note which 
will be issued in NGN form, as stated in the relevant Final Terms or, as the case may be, in the Terms and 
Conditions, may be delivered on or prior to the Issue Date to a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. The relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United States Treasury 
Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or substantially identical successor provisions) (the “TEFRA C Rules”) or 
United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or substantially identical successor provisions) (the 
“TEFRA D Rules”) are applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the Notes do not have a maturity of more than 
365 days, that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms or, as the case may be, the Terms and Conditions specify the form of Notes as being 
“Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note”, then the Notes will initially be in the 
form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent 
Global Note, without interest coupons, not earlier than 40 days after the Issue Date of the relevant tranche of 
the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. No payments will be made under the 
Temporary Global Note unless exchange for interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or 
refused. In addition, interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of 
non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global 
Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) 
of such Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent 
exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms 
against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Note at the Specified 
Office of the Fiscal Agent (unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms or Terms and 
Conditions); and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership, within 7 
days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
The principal amount of the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of the principal amounts 
specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership; provided, however, that under no circumstances 
the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note shall exceed the initial principal amount of the Temporary 
Global Note. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in respect of which Terms and Conditions apply will be 
endorsed on such Note and will consist of the terms and conditions set out under “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes” below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any tranche of Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in global form will bear 
a legend to the following effect: 
“Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United 
States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal 
Revenue Code.” 
The sections referred to in such legend provide that a United States person who holds a Note will generally not 
be allowed to deduct any loss realised on the sale, exchange or redemption of such Note and that any gain (which 
might otherwise be characterised as capital gain) recognised on such sale, exchange or redemption will be 
treated as ordinary income.

--- Page 25 ---
23 
 
 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes and Related Information 
The information contained in this part “Terms and Conditions of the Notes and Related Information” includes 
the following parts relating to the terms and conditions of the Notes: 
I. 
General Information applicable to the Notes 
II. 
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
III. 
Issue Specific Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
IV. 
Form of Final Terms for Notes/Endgültige Bedingungen für Schuldverschreibungen

--- Page 26 ---
24 
 
 
General Information applicable to the Notes 
Issue Procedures 
The Terms and Conditions apply to a Series of Notes and as documented by the relevant Final Terms. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the “Terms and Conditions”) are set forth in the following two options 
(each an “Option” and, together, the “Options”): 
Option I applies to Fixed Rate Notes 
Option II applies to Floating Rate Notes 
Each set of Terms and Conditions contains, for the relevant Option, in certain places placeholders or potentially 
a variety of possible further variables for a provision. These are marked with square brackets and corresponding 
comments. 
The Terms and Conditions applicable to the relevant Series of Notes will be determined as follows: 
The Final Terms will (i) determine which of Option I or II of the Terms and Conditions shall apply to the 
relevant Series of Notes and will (ii) specify and complete such Option so inserted, respectively (the 
“Conditions”). 
The Conditions only will be attached to the respective Global Note.

--- Page 27 ---
25 
 
 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Option I: Fixed Rate Notes 
Die Emissionsbedingungen 
Terms and Conditions 
Die Emissionsbedingungen können im Fall 
einer 
individuellen 
Emission 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
selbstständig 
entweder in der deutschen oder in der 
englischen Sprache benutzt werden. Die 
bindende Sprache wird im Zeitpunkt der 
jeweiligen Emission festgelegt. 
The Terms and Conditions may, in the case of an individual 
issue of Notes, be used independently in the German or 
English language. It will be agreed at the time of each issue 
which language will be binding. 
§ 1 
Währung, Stückelung, Form 
§ 1 
Currency, Denomination, Form 
 
Die Schuldverschreibungen: Diese 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(die 
„Schuldverschreibungen”) 
der 
METRO AG (die „Emittentin”) 
werden in [Währung einfügen] im 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
[Falls 
die 
Globalurkunde 
eine 
NGN 
ist, 
einfügen: (vorbehaltlich § 1(c))] von 
[Gesamtnennbetrag 
einfügen] 
(in 
Worten: 
[Gesamtnennbetrag 
in 
Worten]) in einer Stückelung von 
[Stückelung 
einfügen] 
(die 
„Festgelegte Stückelung”) emittiert. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
eingeteilt 
in 
untereinander 
gleichberechtigte 
Inhaberschuldverschreibungen 
und 
werden in Form einer [classical global 
note („CGN”)] [new global note 
(„NGN”)] begeben. 
(a) 
The Notes: These Notes (the “Notes”) of METRO 
AG (the “Issuer”) are issued in [insert specified 
currency] in the aggregate principal amount of [In 
case the Global Note is an NGN insert: (subject to 
§ 1(c))] of [aggregate principal amount] (in words 
[aggregate principal amount in words]) in a 
denomination 
of 
[insert 
denomination] 
(the 
“Specified Denomination”). The Notes are in 
bearer form, having the same rights among 
themselves and are issued in [classical global Note 
(“CGN”)] [new global Note (“NGN”)] form. 
[Text für Schuldverschreibungen in Form 
einer dauerhaften Globalurkunde: 
[Text applicable to Notes represented by permanent global 
note: 
 
Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer 
Globalurkunde: 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen sind für ihre 
gesamte Laufzeit in einer dauerhaften 
Globalurkunde („Globalurkunde”) 
verbrieft, die [bei der Clearstream 
Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 
65760 
Eschborn, 
Deutschland 
(„Clearstream, Frankfurt”)] [Falls 
die Globalurkunde eine CGN ist, 
einfügen: bei einem gemeinsamen 
Verwahrer] [Falls die Globalurkunde 
eine NGN ist, einfügen: bei einer 
gemeinsamen 
Sicherheitenverwahrstelle (common 
safekeeper)]
für Euroclear Bank 
(b) 
Notes in global form: The Notes are represented for 
the whole life of the Notes by a permanent global 
bearer Note (the “Global Note”) which is deposited 
with [Clearstream Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 
61, 65760 Eschborn, Germany (“Clearstream, 
Frankfurt”)] [In case the Global Note is a CGN 
insert: a common depositary] [In case the Global 
Note is a NGN insert: a common safekeeper] for 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi Albert 
II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium (“Euroclear”) and 
Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 
1855 Luxembourg, Luxembourg (“Clearstream, 
Luxembourg”) 
(Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg each an “ICSD” (International Central 
Securities Depositary) and, together, the “ICSDs”)] 
[insert name and definition of other clearing

--- Page 28 ---
26 
 
 
SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 
1210 Brüssel, Belgien („Euroclear”) 
und 
Clearstream 
Banking 
S.A., 
42 Avenue 
JF 
Kennedy, 
1855 Luxemburg, 
Luxemburg 
(„Clearstream, 
Luxemburg”) 
(Euroclear 
und 
Clearstream, 
Luxemburg jeweils ein „ICSD” 
(Internationale 
zentrale 
Verwahrstelle) und zusammen die 
„ICSDs”)] 
[Name(n) 
und 
Definition(en) 
des/der 
sonstigen 
Clearing-System(s)(e) 
einsetzen] 
hinterlegt ist. Etwaige Zinsansprüche 
sind nicht gesondert verbrieft. Die 
Globalurkunde 
trägt 
die 
eigenhändigen Unterschriften von 
zwei 
Vertretungsberechtigten 
der 
Emittentin sowie die eigenhändige 
Unterschrift 
eines 
Kontrollbeauftragten 
der 
Emissionsstelle (wie in § 9 definiert). 
Schuldverschreibungen in effektiven 
Urkunden werden nicht ausgegeben. 
Ein Anspruch auf Ausdruck und 
Auslieferung 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen in effektiven 
Urkunden ist ausgeschlossen.] 
system(s)]. The rights to demand payment of 
interest (if any) are not evidenced by a separate 
document. The Global Note bears the manual 
signatures of two duly authorised officers of the 
Issuer as well as the manual signature of an 
authentication officer of the Fiscal Agent (as 
defined in § 9). No definitive Notes will be issued. 
The right to demand the printing and delivery of 
definitive Notes is excluded.] 
[Text für Schuldverschreibungen in Form 
einer 
vorläufigen 
Globalurkunde 
mit 
Austausch gegen Schuldverschreibungen in 
Form einer dauerhaften Globalurkunde: 
[Text applicable to Notes represented by temporary global 
note exchangeable for permanent global note: 
 
Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer 
Globalurkunde: 
Die 
Schuld-
verschreibungen sind anfänglich in 
einer 
vorläufigen 
Globalurkunde 
(„Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde”) 
verbrieft, die bei der [Clearstream 
Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 
65760 
Eschborn, 
Deutschland 
(„Clearstream, Frankfurt”)] [Falls 
die Globalurkunde eine CGN ist, 
einfügen: bei einem gemeinsamen 
Verwahrer] [Falls die Globalurkunde 
eine NGN ist, einfügen: bei einer 
gemeinsamen 
Sicherheitenverwahrstelle (common 
safekeeper)] für Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 
1210 Brüssel, Belgien („Euroclear”) 
und Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 
Avenue 
JF 
Kennedy, 
1855 
Luxemburg, 
Luxemburg 
(„Clearstream, 
Luxemburg”) 
(Euroclear 
und 
Clearstream, 
(b) 
Notes in global form: The Notes are initially 
represented by a temporary global bearer Note (the 
“Temporary Global Note”) which is deposited 
with [Clearstream Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 
61, 65760 Eschborn, Germany (“Clearstream, 
Frankfurt”)] [In case the Global Note is a CGN 
insert: a common depositary] [In case the Global 
Note is a NGN insert: a common safekeeper] for 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi Albert 
II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium (“Euroclear”) and 
Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 
1855 Luxembourg, Luxembourg (“Clearstream, 
Luxembourg”) [(Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg each an “ICSD” and, together, the 
“ICSDs”)] [insert name and definition of other 
clearing system(s)]. The Temporary Global Note 
will be exchangeable for a permanent global note 
(the “Permanent Global Note” and, together with 
the Temporary Global Note, the “Global Note”) 
against 
certification 
of 
non-U.S. 
beneficial 
ownership in accordance with U.S. tax regulations 
no earlier than 40 days after the issue of the 
Temporary Global Note. The rights to demand

--- Page 29 ---
27 
 
 
Luxemburg jeweils ein „ICSD” und 
zusammen die „ICSDs”)] [Name(n) 
und Definition(en) des/der sonstigen 
Clearing-System(s)(e) 
einsetzen] 
hinterlegt 
ist. 
Die 
Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde wird bei Vorlegung 
einer Bescheinigung, dass der bzw. 
die 
rechtliche(n) 
oder 
wirtschaftliche(n) Eigentümer keine 
US-Person(en) 
entsprechend 
dem 
US-Steuerrecht 
sind, 
frühestens 
jedoch 40 Tage nach Ausstellung der 
Vorläufigen Globalurkunde, gegen 
eine dauerhafte Globalurkunde (die 
„Dauerhafte Globalurkunde” und, 
zusammen 
mit 
der 
Vorläufigen 
Globalurkunde, 
die 
„Globalurkunde”) 
ausgetauscht. 
Etwaige Zinsansprüche sind nicht 
gesondert verbrieft. Die Vorläufige 
und die Dauerhafte Globalurkunde 
tragen 
die 
eigenhändigen 
Unterschriften 
von 
zwei 
Vertretungsberechtigten 
der 
Emittentin sowie die eigenhändige 
Unterschrift 
eines 
Kontrollbeauftragten 
der 
Emissionsstelle (wie in § 9 definiert). 
Schuldverschreibungen in effektiven 
Urkunden werden nicht ausgegeben. 
Ein Anspruch auf Ausdruck und 
Auslieferung 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen in effektiven 
Urkunden ist ausgeschlossen.] 
payment of interest (if any) are not evidenced by a 
separate document. The Temporary Global Note 
and the Permanent Global Note bear the manual 
signatures of two duly authorised officers of the 
Issuer as well as the manual signature of an 
authentication officer of the Fiscal Agent (as 
defined in § 9). No definitive Notes will be issued. 
The right to demand the printing and delivery of 
definitive Notes is excluded.] 
[Text für Schuldverschreibungen, die in Form 
einer NGN begeben werden: 
[Text applicable to Notes issued as NGN: 
 
Register der ICSDs: Der Nennbetrag 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
entspricht 
dem 
jeweils 
in 
den 
Registern 
beider 
ICSDs 
eingetragenen 
Gesamtbetrag. 
Die 
Register der ICSDs (unter denen man 
die Register versteht, die jeder ICSD 
für seine Kunden über den Betrag 
ihres 
Anteils 
an 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen führt) sind 
schlüssiger 
Nachweis 
über 
den 
Nennbetrag 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen, und eine zu 
diesem Zweck von einem ICSD 
jeweils ausgestellte Bescheinigung 
mit 
dem 
Nennbetrag 
der 
so 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(c) 
Records of the ICSDs: The principal amount of 
Notes represented by the Global Note shall be the 
aggregate amount from time to time entered in the 
records of both ICSDs. The records of the ICSDs 
(which expression means the records that each 
ICSD holds for its customers which reflect the 
amount of such customer’s interest in the Notes) 
shall be conclusive evidence of the principal amount 
of Notes represented by the Global Note and, for 
these purposes, a statement issued by a ICSD stating 
the principal amount of Notes so represented at any 
time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of 
the relevant ICSD at that time.

--- Page 30 ---
28 
 
 
ist ein schlüssiger Nachweis über den 
Inhalt des Registers des jeweiligen 
ICSD zu diesem Zeitpunkt. 
Bei Rückzahlung oder Zahlung einer Rate 
oder einer Zinszahlung bezüglich der durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen bzw. bei Kauf und 
Entwertung der durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen stellt die 
Emittentin sicher, dass die Einzelheiten über 
Rückzahlung und Zahlung bzw. Kauf und 
Löschung 
bezüglich 
der 
Globalurkunde 
entsprechend in die Unterlagen der ICSDs 
eingetragen werden und dass nach dieser 
Eintragung vom Nennbetrag der in die 
Register der ICSDs aufgenommenen und 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
der 
Gesamtnennbetrag der zurückgekauften bzw. 
gekauften 
und 
entwerteten 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bzw. 
der 
Gesamtbetrag 
der 
so 
gezahlten 
Raten 
abgezogen wird.] 
On any redemption or payment of an instalment or interest 
being made in respect of, or purchase and cancellation of, 
any of the Notes represented by the Global Note the Issuer 
shall procure that details of any redemption, payment or 
purchase and cancellation (as the case may be) in respect of 
the Global Note shall be entered pro rata in the records of 
the ICSDs and, upon any such entry being made, the 
principal amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the 
ICSDs and represented by the Global Note shall be reduced 
by the aggregate principal amount of the Notes so redeemed 
or purchased and cancelled or by the aggregate amount of 
such instalment so paid.] 
[Text für Schuldverschreibungen in Form 
einer vorläufigen Globalurkunde, die als 
NGN begeben wird: 
[Text applicable to Notes represented by temporary global 
note issued as NGN: 
 
Austausch 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen: 
Bei 
Austausch 
eines 
Anteils 
von 
ausschließlich durch eine vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
wird 
die 
Emittentin sicherstellen, dass die 
Einzelheiten 
dieses 
Austauschs 
entsprechend in die Aufzeichnungen 
der ICSDs aufgenommen werden.] 
(d) 
Exchange of the Notes: On an exchange of a portion 
only of the Notes represented by a Temporary 
Global Note, the Issuer shall procure that details of 
such exchange shall be entered pro rata in the 
records of the ICSDs.] 
[Text für Schuldverschreibungen, die von 
Clearstream, Frankfurt verwahrt werden: 
[Text applicable to Notes in Clearstream, Frankfurt: 
 
Übertragung: Den Anleihegläubigern 
(wie in § 1[(e)] definiert) stehen 
Miteigentumsanteile 
an 
der 
Globalurkunde zu, die gemäß den 
Bestimmungen 
und 
Regeln 
der 
Clearstream, Frankfurt, und nach dem 
jeweils 
anwendbaren 
Recht 
übertragen werden können.] 
(c) 
Transfer: The Noteholders (as defined in § 1[(e)]) 
are entitled to co-ownership participations in the 
Global Note which are transferable in accordance 
with the rules and regulations of Clearstream, 
Frankfurt and with applicable law.] 
[Text für Schuldverschreibungen, die von 
Euroclear und Clearstream, Luxemburg, bzw. 
einem oder mehreren anderen Clearing-
System(en) verwahrt werden: 
[Text applicable to Notes in Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, or in one or more other clearing systems: 
[(d)] 
Übertragung: 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen sind gemäß 
[(d)] 
Transfer: The Notes are transferable in accordance 
with the rules and regulations of [Euroclear and

--- Page 31 ---
29 
 
 
den Bestimmungen und Regeln von 
[Euroclear und Clearstream, Luxem-
burg,] 
[sonstige(s) 
Clearing 
System(e) einsetzen] und nach dem 
jeweils 
anwendbaren 
Recht 
zu 
übertragen.] 
Clearstream, Luxembourg,] [insert other clearing 
system(s)] and with applicable law.] 
[(e)] 
Anleihegläubiger: Den Inhabern von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(die 
„Anleihegläubiger”) 
stehen 
Miteigentumsanteile 
oder 
vergleichbare andere Rechte an der 
Globalurkunde 
zu, 
die 
gemäß 
anwendbarem 
Recht 
und 
den 
Bestimmungen 
und 
Regeln 
des 
Clearingsystems übertragen werden 
können. 
[(e)] 
Noteholders: 
The 
holders 
of 
Notes 
(the 
“Noteholders”) are entitled to co-ownership 
participations or other comparable rights in the 
Global Note, which are transferable in accordance 
with applicable laws and the rules and regulations 
of the Clearing System. 
§ 2 
Status und Negativverpflichtung 
§ 2 
Status and Negative Pledge 
 
Status: Die Schuldverschreibungen 
begründen direkte, unbedingte und 
unbesicherte 
Verpflichtungen 
der 
Emittentin, die jederzeit gleichrangig 
untereinander 
und 
mindestens 
gleichrangig 
mit 
allen 
anderen 
gegenwärtigen 
und 
zukünftigen 
unbesicherten Verpflichtungen der 
Emittentin bestehen. Hiervon sind 
solche 
Verpflichtungen 
ausgenommen, 
die 
aufgrund 
zwingender 
und 
allgemein 
anwendbarer 
gesetzlicher 
Bestimmungen vorrangig sind. 
(a) 
Status: The Notes constitute direct, unconditional 
and unsecured obligations of the Issuer which will 
at all times rank pari passu among themselves and 
at least pari passu with all other present and future 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer, save for such 
obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law 
that are both mandatory and of general application. 
 
Negativverpflichtung: Solange eine 
Schuldverschreibung aussteht, wird 
die Emittentin weder in Bezug auf die 
Gesamtheit noch auf einen Teil ihrer 
gegenwärtigen 
und 
zukünftigen 
Vermögensgegenstände, -werte oder 
Einnahmen (einschließlich des nicht 
eingeforderten 
Kapitals), 
mit 
Ausnahme 
der 
Zulässigen 
Sicherungsrechte, Sicherungsrechte 
begründen 
oder 
zulassen, 
dass 
Sicherungsrechte weiterbestehen, und 
die Emittentin wird dafür Sorge 
tragen, 
dass 
ihre 
Tochtergesellschaften gleichermaßen 
keine Sicherungsrechte begründen 
oder zulassen, dass Sicherungsrechte 
weiterbestehen, 
um 
Verbindlichkeiten 
oder 
Garantieverpflichtungen zu sichern, 
(b) 
Negative Pledge: So long as any Note remains 
outstanding, the Issuer shall not, and the Issuer shall 
procure that its Subsidiaries shall not, create or 
permit to subsist any Security Interest other than a 
Permitted Security Interest upon the whole or any 
part of its present or future assets or revenues 
(including 
uncalled 
capital) 
to 
secure 
any 
Indebtedness or Guarantee of Indebtedness without 
at the same time or prior thereto securing the Notes 
equally and rateably therewith.

--- Page 32 ---
30 
 
 
ohne dass die Emittentin oder ihre 
Tochtergesellschaften zur gleichen 
Zeit 
oder 
vorher 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen gleichwertig 
und anteilsmäßig besichert haben. 
„Garantieverpflichtung” ist in Bezug auf 
jedwede Verbindlichkeit einer Person die 
Verpflichtung (einschließlich in Form einer 
Bürgschaft) einer anderen Person, diese 
Verbindlichkeit zu begleichen, einschließlich 
(ohne Einschränkung) 
“Guarantee of Indebtedness” means, in relation to any 
Indebtedness of any person, any obligation (including in the 
form of a suretyship) of another person to pay such 
Indebtedness including (without limitation): 
(i) 
der Verpflichtung, eine derartige 
Verbindlichkeit zu erwerben; 
(i) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness; 
(ii) 
der Verpflichtung, Geld zu leihen, 
Aktien oder andere Wertpapiere zu 
erwerben oder zu zeichnen oder 
Vermögenswerte 
oder 
Dienstleistungen zu erwerben, um die 
Mittel für die Zahlung derartiger 
Verbindlichkeiten bereitzustellen; 
(ii) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or 
subscribe shares or other securities or to purchase 
assets or services in order to provide funds for the 
payment of such Indebtedness; 
(iii) 
jeder 
Freistellung 
gegen 
die 
Auswirkungen 
eines 
Zahlungsverzugs 
einer 
solchen 
Verbindlichkeit; und 
(iii) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default 
in the payment of such Indebtedness; and 
(iv) 
jeder anderen Vereinbarung über die 
Haftung 
für 
eine 
derartige 
Verbindlichkeit. 
(iv) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such 
Indebtedness. 
„Sicherungsrecht” 
ist 
jede 
Hypothek, 
Grundschuld, jedes Pfand- oder sonstige 
dingliche Sicherungsrecht unter den Gesetzen 
der jeweils maßgeblichen Rechtsordnung. 
“Security Interest” means any mortgage, charge, pledge, 
lien or other security interest under the laws of any 
applicable jurisdiction. 
„Tochtergesellschaft” ist in Bezug auf eine 
Person (die „erste Person”) zu jedem 
bestimmten Zeitpunkt jede andere Person (die 
„zweite Person”): 
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to any person (the “first 
person”) at any particular time, any other person (the 
“second person”): 
(i) 
deren 
Angelegenheiten 
und 
Geschäftspolitik 
von 
der 
ersten 
Person kontrolliert werden oder 
kontrolliert werden können, entweder 
durch Halten der Mehrheit des 
Anteilskapitals oder der Stimmrechte, 
durch Vertrag oder die Befugnis, 
Mitglieder des Vorstands der zweiten 
Person 
zu 
ernennen 
oder 
abzuberufen; und 
(i) 
whose affairs and policies the first person controls 
or has the power to control, whether by ownership 
of the majority of share capital or voting rights, 
contract or the power to appoint or remove members 
of the governing body of the second person; and 
(ii) 
(a) 
deren 
gesamte 
Vermögensgegenstände oder (falls 
die 
zweite 
Person 
selbst 
Tochtergesellschaften 
hat) 
deren 
gesamte 
konsolidierte 
(ii) 
(a) the value of whose total assets or (in case the 
second person itself has Subsidiaries) the total 
consolidated assets exceed 3 per cent. of the total 
consolidated assets of the first person, as 
determined 
from 
the 
most 
recent 
audited

--- Page 33 ---
31 
 
 
Vermögensgegenstände 
3 % 
des 
Wertes der gesamten konsolidierten 
Vermögensgegenstände der ersten 
Person übersteigen, so wie es bei dem 
letzten 
geprüften 
(konsolidierten) 
Jahresabschluss der ersten Person und 
dieser Tochtergesellschaft festgestellt 
wurde; oder (b) deren Einnahmen 
oder (falls die zweite Person selbst 
Tochtergesellschaften 
hat) 
deren 
konsolidierte Einnahmen 3 % der 
konsolidierten Netto-Einnahmen der 
ersten Person übersteigen, so wie sie 
bei 
dem 
letzten 
geprüften 
(konsolidierten) Jahresabschluss der 
ersten 
Person 
und 
dieser 
Tochtergesellschaft 
festgestellt 
wurden. 
(consolidated) financial statements of the first 
person and such Subsidiary; or (b) whose revenues 
or (in case the second person itself has Subsidiaries) 
consolidated revenues exceeds 3 per cent. of the 
consolidated net revenues of the first person, as 
determined 
from 
the 
most 
recent 
audited 
(consolidated) financial statements of the first 
person and such Subsidiary. 
„Verbindlichkeit” ist jede Geldschuld, die in 
Form einer Schuldverschreibung oder eines 
sonstigen Wertpapiers verbrieft ist, und an 
einer 
Börse 
oder 
an 
einem 
anderen 
Wertpapiermarkt 
(einschließlich 
des 
außerbörslichen Handels) eingeführt ist, 
notiert oder gehandelt wird oder werden kann, 
jedes von einer Bank, einer Versicherung oder 
einem anderen Finanzinstitut ausgereichte 
Darlehen (einschließlich, aber ohne darauf 
beschränkt zu sein, Schuldscheindarlehen) 
sowie 
jede 
Garantieverpflichtung 
oder 
sonstige Gewährleistung in Bezug auf eine 
solche Geldschuld oder ein solches Darlehen. 
“Indebtedness” means any monetary indebtedness which is 
represented by a bond or other debt security and which is or 
is capable of being admitted to or listed or traded on a stock 
exchange or other securities market (including any over-the-
counter market), any loan advanced by a bank, an insurance 
company or any other financial institution (including, 
without 
limitation, 
assignable 
loans 
(Schuldscheindarlehen)) and any guarantee or suretyship in 
respect of any such monetary indebtedness or such loan. 
„Zulässige Sicherungsrechte” sind: 
“Permitted Security Interest” means: 
(i) 
alle 
Sicherungsrechte, 
die 
am 
Begebungstag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bestehen, 
soweit sie an diesem Tag ausstehende 
Verbindlichkeiten absichern; hiervon 
sind Sicherungsrechte ausgenommen, 
soweit solche Verbindlichkeiten nach 
Bestellung 
der 
Sicherungsrechte 
zurückgezahlt oder getilgt werden 
und/oder die Sicherungsrechte nach 
Bestellung erlöschen oder ersetzt 
werden; 
(i) 
any Security Interest in existence on the date of 
issue of the Notes to the extent that it secures 
Indebtedness outstanding on such date and, for the 
avoidance of doubt, excluding any such Security 
Interest to the extent that any such Indebtedness is 
subsequently repaid or redeemed and/or such 
Security Interest is subsequently discharged or 
replaced; 
(ii) 
alle 
Sicherungsrechte, 
die 
kraft 
Gesetzes oder im Rahmen der 
gewöhnlichen Geschäftstätigkeit der 
Emittentin 
oder 
einer 
ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften 
entstehen 
(einschließlich aller Sicherungsrechte 
in Form eines Eigentumsvorbehaltes 
oder anderer Sicherungsrechte, die 
aufgrund 
von 
Geschäfts-
oder 
(ii) 
any Security Interest arising by operation of law or 
in the ordinary course of business of the Issuer or 
any of its Subsidiaries (including any Security 
Interest in the form of a retention of title 
arrangement or other Security Interest entered into 
on the counterparty’s standard or usual terms in 
accordance with customary market practice);

--- Page 34 ---
32 
 
 
üblichen 
Bedingungen 
der 
Gegenpartei, in Übereinstimmung mit 
der üblichen Marktpraxis entstehen); 
(iii) 
alle Sicherungsrechte, die nach dem 
Begebungstag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
an 
neu 
erworbenen Vermögensgegenständen 
oder 
Vermögenswerten 
bestellt 
werden, einzig zum Zweck der 
Besicherung 
der 
übernommenen 
Verpflichtungen, die dem Zweck (a) 
der Finanzierung des Kaufpreises 
eines 
solchen 
erworbenen 
Vermögensgegenstandes 
oder 
Vermögenswertes 
oder 
(b) 
der 
Begründung, 
Entwicklung 
oder 
Verbesserung 
eines 
solchen 
Vermögensgegenstandes 
oder 
Vermögenswertes dienen; 
(iii) 
any Security Interest created over a newly acquired 
asset after the date of the issue of the Notes which 
is solely for the purpose of securing indebtedness 
incurred for the purpose of (a) financing the 
purchase price of the acquisition of such asset or (b) 
constructing, developing or improving such asset; 
(iv) 
alle Sicherungsrechte, die auf den 
Vermögensgegenständen, 
-werten 
oder 
Anteilen 
neu 
erworbener 
Tochtergesellschaften der Emittentin 
lasten 
und 
die 
nach 
dem 
Begebungstag 
der 
Schuld-
verschreibungen gekauft werden; und 
(iv) 
any Security Interest existing over the assets or 
shares of newly acquired Subsidiaries of the Issuer 
acquired after the date of issue of the Notes; and 
(v) 
alle Sicherungsrechte, die bestehen 
oder begründet sind zu Gunsten der 
Emittentin 
oder 
ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften; 
und 
alle 
Sicherungsrechte, die bestehen oder 
begründet 
werden, 
um 
Verpflichtungen zu sichern, die in 
Zusammenhang mit dem Gesetz zur 
Förderung 
eines 
gleitenden 
Übergangs 
in 
den 
Ruhestand 
(Altersteilzeitgesetz) 
eingegangen 
werden.  
(v) 
any Security Interest created or existing for the 
benefit of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries; and any 
Security Interest created or existing to secure any 
obligations incurred in order to comply with the 
German Act on Old Age Part-Time (Gesetz zur 
Förderung eines gleitenden Übergangs in den 
Ruhestand). 
Eine 
Schuldverschreibung 
gilt 
als 
„ausstehend”, sofern nicht einer oder mehrere 
der folgenden Fälle eingetreten ist oder sind: 
A Note shall be considered to be “outstanding” unless one 
or more of the following events has occurred: 
(i) 
Rückzahlung oder Kauf: die Schuld-
verschreibung 
wurde 
vollständig 
zurückgezahlt oder gemäß § 4[(f)] 
(Rückzahlung, 
vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung und Kauf – Kauf) 
gekauft und jeweils entwertet; 
(i) 
Redeemed or purchased: such Note has been 
redeemed in full or purchased under § 4[(f)] 
(Redemption, Early Redemption and Purchase – 
Purchase) and has in either case been cancelled; 
(ii) 
Fälligkeitstag: der Fälligkeitstag für 
die vollständige Rückzahlung der 
Schuldverschreibung ist eingetreten, 
und die Zahlstelle hat alle fälligen 
Beträge 
auf 
eine 
solche 
(ii) 
Due date: the due date for redemption of such Note 
in full has occurred and all sums due in respect of 
such Note (including all accrued interest) have been 
received by the Paying Agent and remain available 
for payment against presentation of such Note; or

--- Page 35 ---
33 
 
 
Schuldverschreibung (einschließlich 
der aufgelaufenen Zinsen) erhalten, 
und diese sind für die Zahlung der 
vorgelegten 
Schuldverschreibung 
verfügbar; oder 
(iii) 
Verjährung, usw.: alle Ansprüche auf 
den Kapitalbetrag und die Zinsen aus 
einer solchen Schuldverschreibung 
sind 
gemäß 
§ 8 
(Vorlegung, 
Verjährung 
und 
Hinterlegung) 
erloschen oder verjährt, oder können 
aus anderen Gründen nach diesen 
Bedingungen nicht mehr geltend 
gemacht werden. 
(iii) 
Prescription etc.: all claims for principal and 
interest in respect of such Note are extinguished or 
prescribed under § 8 (Presentation, Prescription 
and Deposit), or cease to be enforceable for any 
other reason under these Conditions. 
§ 3 
Zinsen 
§ 3 
Interest 
 
Zinssatz: Die Schuldverschreibungen 
sind vom Verzinsungsbeginn [Datum 
einsetzen] 
(der 
„Verzinsungsbeginn”) 
(einschließlich) an nachträglich an 
jedem [Zinszahlungstage einsetzen] 
(jeweils ein „Zinszahlungstag”) mit 
einem Zinssatz von jährlich [Zinssatz 
einsetzen] % 
[Falls 
Rating 
Herabstufungs-Step-up 
nicht 
anwendbar ist, Folgendes einsetzen: 
(der 
„Zinssatz”)] 
[Falls 
Rating 
Herabstufungs-Step-up 
anwendbar 
ist, 
Folgendes 
einsetzen: 
(der 
„Ursprüngliche 
Zinssatz”)], 
vorbehaltlich von § 5 (Zahlungen), 
bezogen auf ihren Gesamtnennbetrag 
bis zum Fälligkeitstag (wie in § 4 (a) 
definiert)) 
(ausschließlich) 
zu 
verzinsen 
[Falls 
Rating 
Herabstufungs-Step-up 
anwendbar 
ist, 
Folgendes 
einsetzen: 
vorbehaltlich einer Anpassung des 
Zinssatzes gemäß nachstehendem 
§ 3(e) bei Eintritt eines Rating 
Herabstufungs-Step-up Ereignisses]. 
(a) 
Rate of interest: The Notes bear interest on their 
aggregate principal amount from (and including) 
the interest commencement date, [insert date] (the 
“Interest Commencement Date”) at [insert 
interest rate] per cent. per annum [If Rating 
Downgrade Step-up is not applicable, insert the 
following: (the “Rate of Interest”)] [If Rating 
Downgrade Step-up is applicable, insert the 
following: (the “Original Rate of Interest”)] 
payable in arrear on each [insert interest payment 
dates] (each an “Interest Payment Date”), subject 
to § 5 (Payments), to (but excluding) the Maturity 
Date (as defined in § 4 (a)) [If Rating Downgrade 
Step-up is applicable, the following applies:, 
provided that if a Rating Downgrade Step-up Event 
has occurred the Original Rate of Interest will be 
adjusted in accordance with § 3 (e)]. 
 
Verzugszinsen: Wenn die Emittentin 
eine 
fällige 
Zahlung 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
irgendeinem Grund nicht leistet, wird 
der ausstehende Betrag von dem 
Fälligkeitstag 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum Tag der vollständigen Zahlung 
an 
die 
Anleihegläubiger 
(b) 
Default Interest: If the Issuer for any reason fails to 
effect any due payment on the Notes, interest shall 
accrue on the outstanding amount as from 
(including) the due date of such payment to 
(excluding) the date of actual payment at the default 
rate of interest established by law.1)

--- Page 36 ---
34 
 
 
(ausschließlich) mit dem gesetzlich 
bestimmten Verzugszins verzinst.1) 
 
Berechnung des Zinsbetrages: Der 
auf jede Schuldverschreibung zu 
zahlende 
Zinsbetrag 
für 
die 
entsprechende 
Zinsperiode 
wird 
ermittelt 
durch 
Anwendung 
des 
Zinssatzes 
auf 
die 
Festgelegte 
Stückelung der Schuldverschreibung 
[und durch Division des Ergebnisses 
durch die Anzahl der Zinsperioden 
eines jeden Einjahreszeitraums[; bei 
dieser 
Division 
wird 
der 
Einjahreszeitraum 
nicht 
berücksichtigt, 
in 
den 
die 
im 
folgenden 
Satz 
beschriebene 
Zinsperiode fällt]. Der auf jede 
Schuldverschreibung 
zu 
zahlende 
Zinsbetrag für die Zinsperiode [bei 
kurzem bzw. langem ersten Coupon 
einsetzen:, 
die 
an 
dem 
(und 
einschließlich 
des) 
Verzinsungsbeginn(s) beginnt] [bei 
kurzem bzw. langem letzten Coupon 
einsetzen:, 
die 
an 
dem 
(aber 
ausschließlich 
des) 
[Endfälligkeitsdatum 
einsetzen] 
endet] ist [Zinsbetrag für jeden 
Nennbetrag einsetzen]]. Sofern der 
Zinsbetrag 
für 
einen 
anderen 
Zeitraum zu ermitteln ist, berechnet 
sich dieser durch Anwendung des 
Zinssatzes 
auf 
die 
Festgelegte 
Stückelung 
der 
jeweiligen 
Schuldverschreibung 
und 
Multiplikation des Ergebnisses mit 
dem Zinstagequotient. Wobei der 
hieraus resultierende Betrag [falls die 
festgelegte 
Währung 
Euro 
ist 
einfügen: auf den nächsten 0,01 Euro 
auf oder abgerundet wird, wobei 
0,005 Euro aufgerundet werden.] 
[falls die festgelegte Währung nicht 
Euro ist, einfügen: auf die kleinste 
Einheit der festgelegten Währung 
auf- oder abgerundet wird, wobei 0,5 
solcher 
Einheiten 
aufgerundet 
werden.] 
(c) 
Calculation of interest: The amount of interest 
payable in respect of each Note for any Interest 
Period shall be calculated by applying the Rate of 
Interest to the Specified Denomination of such Note 
[and dividing the product by the number of Interest 
Periods in any period of one year[, ignoring for this 
purpose any period of one year in which the Interest 
Period referred to in the following sentence may 
fall]. The amount of interest payable in respect of 
each Note for the Interest Period [insert in case of a 
short or long first coupon: beginning on (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date] 
[insert in case of a short or long last coupon: ending 
on (but excluding) [insert maturity date] shall be 
[insert interest amount for each denomination]]. If 
interest is required to be calculated for any other 
period, it will be calculated by applying the Rate of 
Interest to the Specified Denomination of such Note 
and multiplying the product by the Day Count 
Fraction. Whereby the resulting amount [if the 
specified currency is Euro insert: to the nearest 0.01 
Euro, 0.005 Euro being rounded upwards.] [if the 
specified currency is not Euro insert: to the nearest 
minimum unit of the specified currency, with 0.5 of 
such unit being rounded upwards.] 
„Zinsperiode” in diesen Bedingungen ist 
jeder Zeitraum ab dem (und einschließlich 
“Interest Period” means each period beginning on (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date or any Interest 
 
1) 
Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt zum Datum dieses Basisprospekts fünf Prozentpunkte über dem von der 
Deutschen Bundesbank von Zeit zu Zeit festgelegten Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 Absatz 1 BGB. 
1 ) 
The default rate of interest established by law is, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, five percentage points 
above the basic rate of interest published by the Deutsche Bundesbank from time to time, Sec. 288 (1), 247 (1) 
German Civil Code.

--- Page 37 ---
35 
 
 
des) 
Verzinsungsbeginn(s) 
bzw. 
eines 
Zinszahlungstages 
bis 
zu 
dem 
(aber 
ausschließlich 
des) 
nächsten 
Zinszahlungstag(es). 
Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next 
Interest Payment Date. 
Der „Zinstagequotient” bedeutet[:] 
“Day Count Fraction” means[:] 
[Text für die 30E/360 (Eurobond) Option: 
[Text for 30E/360 (Eurobond) option: 
die Anzahl der Tage in der jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode dividiert durch 360, berechnet 
wie folgt: 
the number of days in the relevant Interest Period divided by 
360, calculated as follows: 
𝑍𝑇𝑄
=
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
 
𝐷𝐶𝐹=
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
 
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
Where: 
 
„ZTQ” ist gleich der Zinstagequotient; 
“DCF” means Day Count Fraction; 
„Y1” ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das 
der erste Tag der Zinsperiode fällt; 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
„Y2” ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das 
der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten in der 
Zinsperiode 
eingeschlossenen 
Tag 
unmittelbar folgt; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Interest 
Period falls; 
„M1” ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als 
Zahl, in den der erste Tag der Zinsperiode 
fällt; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which 
the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
„M2” ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als 
Zahl, in den der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten 
in der Zinsperiode eingeschlossenen Tag 
unmittelbar folgt; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which 
the day immediately following the last day included in the 
Interest Period falls; 
„D1” ist der erste Tag der Zinsperiode, 
ausgedrückt als Zahl, es sei denn, diese Zahl 
wäre 31, in welchem Fall D1 gleich 30 ist; und
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the 
Interest Period, unless that number would be 31, in which 
case D1 will be 30; and 
„D2” ist der Tag, ausgedrückt als Zahl, der auf 
den 
letzten 
in 
der 
Zinsperiode 
eingeschlossenen Tag unmittelbar folgt, es sei 
denn, diese Zahl wäre 31, in welchem Fall D2 
gleich 30 ist.] 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, 
immediately following the last day included in the Interest 
Period, unless that number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30.] 
[Text für die Actual/Actual (ICMA) Option: 
[Text for Actual/Actual (ICMA) option: 
(i) 
falls 
der 
maßgebliche 
Zeitraum in eine Reguläre 
Periode fällt, wird die Anzahl 
der Tage des betreffenden 
Zeitraums geteilt durch das 
Produkt aus (A) der Anzahl 
der Tage in dieser Regulären 
Periode und (B) der Anzahl 
(i) 
if the relevant period falls during a Regular 
Period, the number of days in the relevant 
period divided by the product of (A) the 
number of days in the Regular Period in 
which the relevant period falls and (B) the 
number of Regular Periods in any period of 
one year; and

--- Page 38 ---
36 
 
 
der Regulären Perioden eines 
jeden 
Einjahreszeitraums; 
und 
(ii) 
falls der betreffende Zeitraum 
in einer Regulären Periode 
beginnt und in der nächsten 
darauffolgenden 
Regulären 
Periode endet, werden die 
folgenden 
Quotienten 
addiert: 
(ii) 
if the relevant period begins in one Regular 
Period and ends in the next succeeding 
Regular Period, interest will be calculated 
on the basis of the sum of: 
(A) 
die Anzahl der Tage 
in dem betreffenden 
Zeitraum, 
die 
in 
diese erste Reguläre 
Periode fallen, geteilt 
durch das Produkt 
aus (1) der Anzahl 
der Tage in dieser 
ersten 
Regulären 
Periode und (2) der 
Anzahl 
der 
Regulären Perioden 
eines 
jeden 
Einjahreszeitraums; 
und 
(A) 
the number of days in the relevant 
period falling within the first such 
Regular Period divided by the 
product of (1) the number of days 
in the first such Regular Period and 
(2) the number of Regular Periods 
in any period of one year; and 
(B) 
die Anzahl der Tage 
in dem betreffenden 
Zeitraum, 
die 
in 
diese 
zweite 
Reguläre 
Periode 
fallen, geteilt durch 
das Produkt aus (1) 
der Anzahl der Tage 
in 
dieser 
zweiten 
Regulären 
Periode 
und (2) der Anzahl 
der 
Regulären 
Perioden eines jeden 
Einjahreszeitraums. 
(B) 
the number of days in the relevant 
period falling within the second 
such Regular Period divided by the 
product of (1) the number of days 
in the second such Regular Period 
and (2) the number of Regular 
Periods in any period of one year. 
„Reguläre Periode” ist jeder Zeitraum ab 
einem Regulären Tag, der in ein beliebiges 
Jahr fällt, bis zu dem nächsten Regulären Tag. 
“Regular Period” means each period from and including a 
Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next 
succeeding Regular Date. 
„Regulärer Tag” ist der Tag und der Monat 
(aber 
nicht 
das 
Jahr), 
auf 
die 
ein 
Zinszahlungstag fällt [(ausgenommen für 
diesen 
Zweck 
[Endfälligkeitsdatum 
einsetzen])].] 
“Regular Date” means the day and month (but not the year) 
on which any Interest Payment Date falls [(excluding for 
this purpose [insert maturity date])].] 
 
Anzahl der Tage: Zum Zwecke dieses 
§ 3 wird die Anzahl der Tage in jedem 
Zeitraum auf Basis der tatsächlichen 
Kalendertage vom ersten Tag (diesen 
eingeschlossen) 
des 
betreffenden 
(d) 
Number of days: For the purposes of this § 3, the 
number of days in any period shall be calculated on 
the basis of actual calendar days from and including

--- Page 39 ---
37 
 
 
Zeitraums bis zum letzten Tag (diesen 
ausgeschlossen) 
des 
betreffenden 
Zeitraums ermittelt. 
the first day of the relevant period to but excluding 
the last day of the relevant period. 
Falls 
Rating 
Herabstufungs-Step-up 
anwendbar ist, Folgendes einfügen: 
If Rating Downgrade Step-up is applicable, insert 
the following: 
[(e) 
Anpassung des Zinssatzes bei Eintritt 
eines Rating Herabstufungs-Step-up-
Ereignisses. 
Wenn 
ein 
Rating 
Herabstufungs-Step-up-Ereignis 
eingetreten ist, wird der auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlende 
Zinssatz 
für 
die 
am 
Rating 
Herabstufungs-Step-up-Tag 
beginnende Zinsperiode und jede 
folgende Zinsperiode auf [[●] % per 
annum] 
[die 
Summe 
aus 
dem 
Ursprünglichen Zinssatz und [●] 
Prozentpunkten] 
erhöht 
(der 
„Angepasste Zinssatz”). 
[(e) 
Interest Rate Adjustment upon occurrence of 
a Rating Downgrade Step-up Event Step-up 
Event. If a Rating Downgrade Step-up Event 
has occurred, the rate of interest payable on 
the 
Notes 
for 
the 
Interest 
Period 
commencing on the Rating Downgrade 
Step-up Date and each subsequent Interest 
Period shall be increased to [[●]% per 
annum] [the sum of the Original Rate of 
Interest and [●] percentage points] (the 
“Adjusted Rate of Interest”). 
„Rating 
Herabstufungs-Step-up-
Tag” 
bezeichnet 
den 
Zinszahlungstag, der unmittelbar auf 
den 
Rating 
Herabstufungs-
Mitteilungstag folgt, es sei denn, 
dieser Zinszahlungstag würde auf den 
Fälligkeitstag fallen. In diesem Fall 
bezeichnet der Rating Herabstufungs-
Step-up-Tag den Zinszahlungstag, 
der 
dem 
Rating 
Herabstufungs-
Mitteilungstag 
unmittelbar 
vorangeht. 
“Rating Downgrade Step-up Date” means 
the Interest Payment Date immediately 
following the Rating Downgrade Notice 
Date unless such Interest Payment Date 
would fall on the Maturity Date. In that case, 
Rating Downgrade Step-up Date means the 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
immediately 
preceding the Rating Downgrade Notice 
Date. 
Wenn ein Rating Herabstufungs-
Step-up-Ereignis eingetreten ist, hat 
die Emittentin: 
If a Rating Downgrade Step-up Event has 
occurred, the Issuer must give notice of: 
(i) 
das Eintreten des Rating 
Herabstufungs-Step-up-
Ereignisses; und 
(i) 
the occurrence of the Rating 
Downgrade Step-up Event; and 
(ii) 
den Angepassten Zinssatz 
(ii) 
the Adjusted Rate of Interest 
der Zahlstelle und, gemäß § 12, den 
Gläubigern unverzüglich, spätestens 
jedoch am [fünften] [●]1 Geschäftstag 
nach 
Eintritt 
eines 
Rating 
Herabstufungs-Step-up-Ereignisses 
mitzuteilen 
(der 
„Rating 
Herabstufungs-Mitteilungstag”). 
to the Paying Agent and, in accordance with 
§ 12 to the Noteholders without undue delay 
(unverzüglich), but in any event not later 
than on the [fifth] [●]2 Business Day after the 
occurrence of the Rating Downgrade Step-
up Event (the “Rating Downgrade Notice 
Date”). 
Ein „Rating Herabstufungs-Step-
up-Ereignis” ist eingetreten, wenn 
mindestens 
ein 
von 
einer 
A “Rating Downgrade Step-up Event” has 
occurred if one or more solicited ratings 
assigned to the Notes or the Issuer by a 
 
1 Maximal fünf Geschäftstage  
2 Maximum of five Business Days.

--- Page 40 ---
38 
 
 
Ratingagentur 
im 
Auftrag 
der 
Emittentin erteiltes Rating für die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
oder 
die 
Emittentin unter [[●] (im Fall von 
Standard & Poor's (wie nachfolgend 
unter 
„Ratingagenturen” 
definiert))][,] [oder] [[●] (im Fall von 
Moody's (wie nachfolgend unter 
„Ratingagenturen” definiert))] [oder] 
[[●] (im Fall von Fitch (wie 
nachfolgend unter „Ratingagenturen” 
definiert))] fällt oder die Emittentin 
ein solches Rating, gleich aus 
welchem Grund, verliert. 
Rating Agency falls below [[●] (in the case 
of Standard & Poor's (as defined in the 
definition of “Rating Agencies” below))][,] 
[or] [[●] (in the case of Moody's (as defined 
in the definition of “Rating Agencies” 
below))] [or] [[●] (in the case of Fitch (as 
defined in the definition of “Rating 
Agencies” below))] or the Issuer loses such 
solicited rating, for any reason. 
[„Ratingagenturen” 
sind 
S&P 
Global 
Ratings 
Europe 
Limited 
(„Standard & Poor's”), Moody’s 
Deutschland GmbH („Moody’s”) 
und Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited 
(„Fitch”)] oder jede Gesellschaft, die 
als Rechtsnachfolgerin einer solchen 
Ratingagentur 
auftritt oder 
eine 
solche Ratingagentur ersetzt, solange 
sie als Ratingagentur in dem von der 
Europäischen 
Wertpapier- 
und 
Marktaufsichtsbehörde 
geführten 
Register 
oder 
einem 
Nachfolgeregister eingetragen ist.] 
[“Rating Agencies” means each of S&P 
Global Ratings Europe Limited (“Standard 
& Poor's”), Moody’s Deutschland GmbH 
(“Moody’s”) and Fitch Ratings Ireland 
Limited (“Fitch”)] or any entity acting as 
successor to such Rating Agency or 
replacing such Rating Agency as long as it is 
listed as credit rating agency in the register 
maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authorities or any successor 
thereto.] 
§ 4 
Rückzahlung, Vorzeitige Rückzahlung 
und Kauf 
§ 4 
Redemption, Early Redemption and Purchase 
 
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit: Sofern 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht 
vorzeitig zurückgezahlt/-gekauft und 
entwertet werden, werden sie am 
[Endfälligkeitsdatum 
einsetzen] 
[Zinszahlungstag, der in [Monat und 
Jahr 
einsetzen] 
fällt,] 
(der 
„Fälligkeitstag”) 
gemäß 
§ 5 
(Zahlungen) zu ihrer Festgelegten 
Stückelung zurückgezahlt. 
(a) 
Scheduled 
redemption: 
Unless 
previously 
redeemed/purchased and cancelled, the Notes will 
be redeemed at their Specified Denomination on 
[insert maturity date] [the Interest Payment Date 
falling in [insert month and year]] (the “Maturity 
Date”), subject to § 5 (Payments). 
 
Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
aus 
steuerlichen 
Gründen: 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen können nach 
Wahl der Emittentin ganz, aber nicht 
teilweise, 
[jederzeit] 
[an 
jedem 
Zinszahlungstag] 
durch 
eine 
unwiderrufliche 
Mitteilung 
gegenüber den Anleihegläubigern mit 
einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht 
weniger als 30 und nicht mehr als 60 
Tagen, in Höhe des Vorzeitigen 
(b) 
Early redemption for reasons of taxation: The 
Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer 
in whole, but not in part, [at any time] [on any 
Interest Payment Date], on giving not less than 30 
nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early 
Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest 
accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption, if:

--- Page 41 ---
39 
 
 
Rückzahlungsbetrages 
(Steuern), 
zusammen mit den gegebenenfalls 
aufgelaufenen Zinsen bis zu dem für 
die Rückzahlung vorgesehenen Tag 
zurückgezahlt werden, wenn: 
(1) 
die Emittentin infolge einer 
Änderung oder Ergänzung 
der 
Gesetze 
oder 
Vorschriften 
der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
oder 
einer 
Gebietskörperschaft 
oder 
einer 
dazugehörigen 
Behörde, die die Befugnis zur 
Besteuerung hat, oder einer 
Änderung der Anwendung 
oder offiziellen Auslegung 
derartiger 
Gesetze 
und 
Vorschriften (einschließlich 
der 
Entscheidung 
eines 
zuständigen 
Gerichts), 
verpflichtet wurde oder wird, 
zusätzliche Beträge gemäß 
§ 6 (Besteuerung) zu zahlen 
und diese Änderung oder 
Ergänzung an oder nach dem 
[Datum 
des 
Zahltages 
einsetzen] in Kraft tritt, und  
(1) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay 
additional amounts as provided or referred 
to in § 6 (Taxation) as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of the Federal Republic of 
Germany or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having the 
power to tax, or any change in the 
application or official interpretation of such 
laws or regulations (including a holding by 
a court of competent jurisdiction), which 
change or amendment becomes effective on 
or after [insert date of issue]; and  
(2) 
die 
Emittentin 
durch 
angemessene und ihr zur 
Verfügung 
stehende 
Maßnahmen 
diese 
Verpflichtung 
nicht 
vermeiden kann; 
(2) 
such obligation cannot be avoided 
by the Issuer taking reasonable 
measures available to it; 
wobei eine solche Mitteilung über die 
Rückzahlung nicht früher gegeben wird als 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall 
be given earlier than

--- Page 42 ---
40 
 
 
[Text, der anwendbar ist, wenn die Schuld-
verschreibungen 
jederzeit 
zurückgezahlt 
werden können: 
[Text applicable where Notes may be redeemed at any time: 
90 Tage vor dem frühestmöglichen Termin, an 
dem die Emittentin verpflichtet wäre, solche 
zusätzlichen Beträge zu zahlen oder solche 
Abzüge oder Einbehalte von Kapital und 
Zinsen 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzunehmen. 
Außerdem muss zu dem Zeitpunkt, zu dem die 
Kündigung erfolgt, die Verpflichtung zur 
Zahlung von zusätzlichen Beträgen oder zur 
Vornahme der genannten Abzüge oder 
Einbehalte noch wirksam sein, wenn eine 
Zahlung 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen dann fällig wäre.] 
90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would 
be obliged to pay such additional amounts or to make such 
withholdings or deductions from principal and interest in 
respect of the Notes. In addition, at the time that the relevant 
notice is given the obligation to pay additional amounts or 
to make such withholdings or deductions must still be in 
effect, assuming that a payment in respect of the Notes were 
then due.] 
[Text, 
der 
anwendbar 
ist, 
wenn 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nur 
am 
Zinszahlungstag 
zurückgezahlt 
werden 
können: 
[Text applicable where Notes may be redeemed only on 
Interest Payment Date: 
60 Tage vor dem Zinszahlungstag, der 
unmittelbar vor dem frühesten Zeitpunkt liegt, 
an dem die Emittentin verpflichtet wäre, 
solche zusätzlichen Beträge zu zahlen oder 
solche Abzüge oder Einbehalte von Kapital 
und 
Zinsen 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzunehmen. 
Außerdem muss zu dem Zeitpunkt, zu dem die 
Kündigung erfolgt, die Verpflichtung zur 
Zahlung von zusätzlichen Beträgen oder zur 
Vornahme der genannten Abzüge oder 
Einbehalte noch wirksam sein, wenn eine 
Zahlung 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen dann fällig wäre.] 
60 days prior to the Interest Payment Date occurring 
immediately before the earliest date on which the Issuer 
would be obliged to pay such additional amounts or to make 
such withholdings or deductions from principal or interest 
in respect of the Notes. In addition, at the time that the 
relevant notice is given the obligation to pay additional 
amounts or to make such withholdings or deductions must 
still be in effect, assuming that a payment in respect of the 
Notes were then due.] 
Vor 
Veröffentlichung 
einer 
Rückzah-
lungsbekanntmachung 
gemäß 
dieses 
Abschnitts 
wird 
die 
Emittentin 
der 
Emissionsstelle (1) eine von der Emittentin 
unterschriebene Bestätigung des Inhalts, dass 
die Emittentin berechtigt ist, eine derartige 
Rückzahlung 
durchzuführen, 
und 
eine 
Darlegung des Sachverhalts, die aufzeigt, dass 
die vorhergehenden Bedingungen für das 
Recht der Emittentin, in dieser Form 
zurückzuzahlen, eingetreten sind, und (2) ein 
Rechtsgutachten 
eines 
unabhängigen 
Rechtsberaters von anerkanntem Ruf mit der 
Aussage, dass die Emittentin verpflichtet 
wurde oder wird, solche zusätzlichen Beträge 
als Ergebnis einer derartigen Änderung oder 
Ergänzung zu zahlen, vorlegen. Nach Ablauf 
der Kündigungsfrist gemäß dieses § 4(b) ist 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant 
to this paragraph, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent 
(1) a certificate signed by the Issuer stating that the Issuer is 
entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a 
statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to 
the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (2) an 
opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised 
standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such 
change or amendment. Upon the expiry of any such notice 
as is referred to in this § 4(b), the Issuer shall be bound to 
redeem the Notes in accordance with this § 4(b).

--- Page 43 ---
41 
 
 
die Emittentin daran gebunden, die Schuld-
verschreibungen in Übereinstimmung mit 
diesem § 4(b) zurückzuzahlen. 
„Vorzeitiger 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Steuern)” 
ist 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
jede 
Schuldverschreibung 
ihre 
Festgelegte 
Stückelung. 
“Early Redemption Amount (Tax)” means, in respect of 
any Note, its Specified Denomination. 
[Text für die Call-Option nach Wahl der 
Emittentin:  
[Text for call option at the option of the Issuer: 
 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl 
der 
Emittentin: 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen können nach 
Wahl der Emittentin im Ganzen [oder 
teilweise] 
an 
einem 
Optionalen 
Rückzahlungstag (Call) mit dem 
maßgeblichen 
Optionalen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Call) 
[und 
gegebenenfalls mit den bis zu diesem 
Tag aufgelaufenen Zinsen] aufgrund 
einer schriftlichen Kündigung der 
Emittentin 
gegenüber 
den 
Anleihegläubigern mit einer Frist von 
nicht weniger als [20][30] und nicht 
mehr 
als 
[60][90] 
Tagen 
zurückgezahlt 
werden 
(diese 
Kündigung ist unwiderruflich und 
verpflichtet 
die 
Emittentin, 
die 
maßgeblichen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
an 
dem 
maßgeblichen 
Optionalen 
Rückzahlungstag (Call) mit dem 
Optionalen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Call) [und gegebenenfalls mit den bis 
zu diesem Tag aufgelaufenen Zinsen] 
zurückzuzahlen). 
(c) 
Early redemption at the option of the Issuer: The 
Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer 
in whole [or in part] on any Optional Redemption 
Date (Call) at the relevant Optional Redemption 
Amount (Call) [plus accrued interest (if any) to such 
date] on the Issuer’s giving not less than [20][30] 
nor more than [60][90] days’ notice to the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the relevant Notes 
on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at 
the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) [plus 
accrued interest (if any) to such date]). 
[Falls die Call-Option teilweise ausgeübt 
werden kann, einfügen: 
[If the call option may be exercised in part, insert: 
Wenn 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nur 
teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, werden die 
zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen in 
Übereinstimmung mit den Regeln des 
betreffenden Clearing-Systems ausgewählt. 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen in Form 
einer NGN begeben wurden, einfügen: Die 
teilweise Rückzahlung wird in den Registern 
von Clearstream, Luxembourg und Euroclear 
nach deren Ermessen entweder als Pool-
Faktor 
oder 
als 
Reduzierung 
des 
Gesamtnennbetrags wiedergegeben.]] 
In the case of a partial redemption of the Notes, the Notes to 
be redeemed shall be selected in accordance with the rules 
and procedures of the relevant Clearing System. [If the 
Notes are issued in NGN form, insert: Such partial 
redemption shall be reflected in the records of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear as either a pool factor or a 
reduction in aggregate principal amount, at the discretion of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear.]] 
„Optionaler Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call)” ist 
in Bezug auf jede Schuldverschreibung [ihre 
Festgelegte 
Stückelung]
[Optionalen 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Call)” means, in respect 
of any Note, [its Specified Denomination] [insert relevant 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call). However, such

--- Page 44 ---
42 
 
 
Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call) einfügen. Dieser 
Betrag muss jedoch über der Festgelegten 
Stückelung 
liegen] 
[(i) 
der 
Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich etwaiger bis 
zu 
dem 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen oder 
(ii), falls höher, der Abgezinste Marktwert der 
Schuldverschreibungen. Der „Abgezinste 
Marktwert” einer Schuldverschreibung wird 
von 
[maßgebliche 
Berechnungsstelle 
einfügen] (die „Berechnungsstelle”, dieser 
Begriff 
schließt 
jede 
nachfolgende 
Berechnungsstelle ein, die von Zeit zu Zeit in 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen bestimmt worden ist) 
errechnet und entspricht dem abgezinsten 
Wert der Summe des Nennbetrages der 
Schuld-verschreibungen 
und 
der 
verbleibenden 
Zinszahlungen 
bis 
zum 
[Fälligkeitstag einfügen]. Der abgezinste 
Wert 
wird 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle 
errechnet, 
indem 
der 
Nennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen und die verbleibenden 
Zinszahlungen 
bis 
zum 
[Fälligkeitstag 
einfügen] auf einer jährlichen Basis, bei 
Annahme eines 365-Tage-Jahres bzw. eines 
366-Tage-Jahres und der tatsächlichen Anzahl 
von Tagen, die in einem solchen Jahr 
abgelaufen sind, unter Anwendung der 
Vergleichbaren Benchmark Rendite zuzüglich 
[Prozentsatz einfügen]% abgezinst werden. 
Die „Vergleichbare Benchmark Rendite” 
bezeichnet 
die 
am 
Rückzahlungs-
Berechnungstag bestehende Rendite der 
entsprechenden [Euro-Referenz-Anleihe der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland] [durch HM 
Treasury begebenen Sterling-Referenzanleihe 
des Vereinigten Königreichs] [Schweizer 
Franken-Referenz-Bundesanleihe 
der 
Schweizerischen 
Eidgenossenschaft] 
[Referenz-U.S. Staatsanleihe (US Treasury 
debt security) in USD] [●] [unter Angabe 
folgender Einzelheiten: ISIN oder andere 
Wertpapierkennung, 
basierend 
auf 
dem 
Referenzpreis für diese Referenz-Anleihe an 
diesem Tag, wie um oder gegen 12:00 Uhr 
mittags (Frankfurter Zeit) an diesem Tag auf 
der Bloomberg Seite [ISIN] Govt HP (unter 
Nutzung der Einstellung “Fixing Price” und 
der Preisquelle “FRNK”) abgelesen, oder wie 
von 
einer 
anderen, 
durch 
die 
Berechnungsstelle 
festgelegten, 
Quelle 
hergeleitet oder veröffentlicht] oder sollte die 
Rendite zu diesem Zeitpunkt nicht verfügbar 
sein, 
bezeichnet 
die 
Vergleichbare 
Benchmark-Rendite 
eine 
ersetzende 
Referenzanleihe, 
die 
von 
der 
amount 
must 
be 
higher 
than 
the 
Specified 
Denomination][shall be the higher of (i) its Final 
Redemption Amount together with accrued interest, if any, 
to (but excluding) the respective Optional Redemption Date 
(Call) and (ii) the Present Value. The “Present Value” will 
be calculated by [insert relevant calculation agent] (the 
“Calculation Agent”, which expression includes any 
successor calculation agent appointed from time to time in 
connection with the Notes) by discounting the sum of the 
Specified Denomination of a Note and the remaining 
interest payments to [insert Maturity Date] on an annual 
basis, assuming a 365-day year or a 366-day year, as the case 
may be, and the actual number of days elapsed in such year 
and using the Comparable Benchmark Yield plus [insert 
percentage]%. “Comparable Bench-mark Yield” means 
the yield at the Redemption Calculation Date on the 
corresponding [euro denominated benchmark debt security 
of the Federal Republic of Germany] [UK government 
Sterling denominated benchmark debt security issued by 
H.M. Treasury] [Swiss franc denominated benchmark 
federal bond of the Swiss Confederation] [USD 
denominated benchmark U.S. Treasury debt security] [●] 
[specifying the following details: ISIN or other securities 
code, based on the reference price for such benchmark 
security on such day, as observed at or about noon 
(Frankfurt time) on such date on Bloomberg page [ISIN] 
Govt HP (using the setting “Fixing Price” and the pricing 
source “FRNK”), or as derived or published by such other 
source as determined by the Calculation Agent], and if such 
yield is not available at that time the Comparable 
Benchmark Yield shall be the yield of a substitute 
benchmark security chosen by the Calculation Agent, in 
each case as having a maturity comparable to the remaining 
term of the Note to [insert Maturity Date], that would be 
used at the time of selection and in accordance with 
customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of 
corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to [insert 
Maturity Date]].

--- Page 45 ---
43 
 
 
Berechnungsstelle festgesetzt wird, jeweils 
mit einer Laufzeit, die mit der verbleibenden 
Laufzeit der Schuldverschreibung bis zum 
[Fälligkeitstag einfügen] vergleichbar ist, und 
die im Zeitpunkt der Auswahlentscheidung 
und 
entsprechend 
der 
üblichen 
Finanzmarktpraxis zur Preisbestimmung bei 
Neuemissionen von Unternehmensanleihen 
mit einer bis zum [Fälligkeitstag einfügen] der 
Schuldverschreibung vergleichbaren Laufzeit 
verwendet werden würde]. 
„Rückzahlungs-Berechnungstag” ist der 10. 
Geschäftstag vor dem Tag, an dem die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zurückgezahlt 
werden. 
“Redemption Calculation Date” means the date falling 10 
Business Days prior to the date on which the Notes are 
redeemed. 
„Optionaler Rückzahlungstag (Call)” ist 
[Datum einsetzen][der Tag, der in der 
Kündigungsmitteilung 
der 
Emittentin 
bestimmt wird und der nicht weniger als 30 
Tage und nicht mehr als 90 Tage nach dem 
Tag der Kündigung durch die Emittentin 
gegenüber den Anleihegläubigern liegen 
darf].] 
“Optional Redemption Date (Call)” means [insert 
date][the date as specified in the Issuer’s termination notice 
and which shall be not less than 30 days nor more than 90 
days after the date on which notice is given by the Issuer to 
the Noteholders].] 
[Text für die Call-Option im Falle des 
Eintritts eines Transaktions-Ereignisses: 
[Text for call option in the case of a Transaction Trigger 
Event: 
([●]) 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl 
der Emittentin im Falle des Eintritts 
eines Transaktions-Ereignisses: Die 
Schuldverschreibungen können im 
Falle des Eintritts eines Transaktions-
Ereignisses im Ganzen an einem 
Rückzahlungstag (Trigger) mit dem 
maßgeblichen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Trigger) [und gegebenenfalls mit den 
bis zu diesem Tag aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen] aufgrund einer schriftlichen 
Kündigung der Emittentin gegenüber 
den Anleihegläubigern [falls ein 
Transaktions-Stichtag anwendbar ist, 
einfügen: bis zum [Transaktions-
Stichtag einfügen] und] mit einer Frist 
von nicht weniger als [20][30] und 
nicht mehr als [60][90] Tagen nach 
dem Tag der Mitteilung des Eintritts 
eines Transaktions-Ereignisses durch 
die Emittentin zurückgezahlt werden 
(diese Kündigung ist unwiderruflich 
und verpflichtet die Emittentin, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
an 
dem 
maßgeblichen 
Rückzahlungstag 
(Trigger) 
mit 
dem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag (Trigger) [und 
gegebenenfalls mit den bis zu diesem 
([●]) 
Early redemption at the option of the Issuer in the 
case of a Transaction Trigger Event: In the case of 
a Transaction Trigger Event, the Notes may be 
redeemed in whole on a Redemption Date (Trigger) 
at the relevant Redemption Amount (Trigger) [plus 
accrued interest (if any) to such date] upon written 
notice by the Issuer to the Noteholders [in case of a 
Transaction Trigger Cut-off Date, insert: no later 
than [insert Transaction Trigger Cut-off Date] and] 
not less than [20][30] nor more than [60][90] days 
after the date of notice by the Issuer of the 
occurrence of a Transaction Trigger Event (which 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the 
Issuer to redeem the Notes on the relevant 
Redemption Date (Trigger) at the Redemption 
Amount (Trigger) [plus accrued interest (if any) to 
such date]).

--- Page 46 ---
44 
 
 
Tag 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen] 
zurückzuzahlen). 
Dabei gilt: 
Whereby: 
„Rückzahlungsbetrag (Trigger)” bezeichnet 
[die 
Festgelegte 
Stückelung 
der 
Schuldverschreibung] 
[[Währung 
und 
Rückzahlungsbetrag] 
pro 
Schuldverschreibung]. 
“Redemption Amount (Trigger)” means [the Specified 
Denomination] [[insert currency and redemption amount] 
per Note]. 
„Rückzahlungstag (Trigger)” bezeichnet 
den Tag, der für die Rückzahlung der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß 
§ 4([●]) 
(Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin im 
Falle des Eintritts eines Transaktions-
Ereignisses) festgesetzt wurde. 
“Redemption Date (Trigger)” means the date fixed for 
redemption of the Notes pursuant to § 4([●]) (Redemption 
at the option of the Issuer in the case of a Transaction 
Trigger Event). 
„Transaktion” bezeichnet [Beschreibung der 
geplanten 
Transaktion 
für 
deren 
Finanzierung 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
begeben werden]. 
“Transaction” means [insert description of envisaged 
transaction for which the Notes are intended to be issued for 
refinancing purposes]. 
„Transaktions-Ereignis” 
bezeichnet 
die 
Mitteilung 
der 
Emittentin 
an 
die 
Anleihegläubiger gemäß § 12, dass die 
Transaktion 
vor 
ihrem 
Abschluss 
abgebrochen wurde. 
“Transaction Trigger Event” means a notice given by the 
Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with § 12 that the 
Transaction has been terminated prior to completion. 
[Falls der Anleihegläubiger ein Wahlrecht 
hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu 
kündigen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Der 
Emittentin steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht in 
Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung zu, deren 
Rückzahlung bereits der Anleihegläubiger in 
Ausübung seines Wahlrechts nach § 4([●]) 
(Rückzahlung 
nach 
Wahl 
der 
Anleihegläubiger) verlangt hat.] 
[If the Notes are subject to early redemption at the option of 
the Noteholder, the following applies: The Issuer may not 
exercise such option in respect of any Note which is the 
subject of the prior exercise by the Noteholder thereof of its 
option to require the redemption of such Note under § 4 
([●]) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders).] 
[Text für die Call-Option im Falle einer 
vorzeitigen Kündigung: 
[Text for call option in the case of an early redemption: 
([●]) 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl 
der Emittentin:  
([●]) 
Early redemption at the option of the Issuer: 
 
Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie 
gemäß Absatz (b) gekündigt hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt 
oder teilweise am/an den Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(en) (Call) zum/zu 
den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/-
beträgen (Call), wie nachstehend 
angegeben, nebst etwaigen bis zum 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Call) 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen zurückzahlen. 
(a) 
The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance 
with clause (b), redeem all or some only of the 
Notes on the Call Redemption Date(s) at the Call 
Redemption Amount(s) set forth below together 
with accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) the 
Call Redemption Date.

--- Page 47 ---
45 
 
 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(e) 
(Call) 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag/
beträge (Call) 
Call Redemption 
Date(s) 
Call 
Redemption Amount(s) 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(e)
] 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetra
g/ 
beträge] 
[Call Redemption 
Date(s)] 
[Call 
Redemption Amount(s)] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[Falls 
auch 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
ein 
Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
zu 
kündigen, 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: Der Emittentin steht dieses 
Wahlrecht 
nicht 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung 
bereits der Anleihegläubiger in Ausübung 
seines Wahlrechts nach § 4([●]) (Rückzahlung 
nach Wahl der Anleihegläubiger) verlangt 
hat.] 
[If Notes are also subject to early redemption at the option 
of the Noteholder, the following applies: The Issuer may not 
exercise such option in respect of any Note which is the 
subject of the prior exercise by the Noteholder thereof of its 
option to require the redemption of such Note under § 4 
([●]) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders).] 
 
Die 
Kündigung 
ist 
den 
Anleihegläubigern 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
durch 
die 
Emittentin gemäß § 12 bekannt zu 
geben. Sie beinhaltet die folgenden 
Angaben: 
(b) 
Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to 
the Noteholders of the Notes in accordance with 
§ 12. Such notice shall specify: 
(i) 
die zurückzuzahlende Serie 
von Schuldverschreibungen; 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; 
(ii) 
eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie 
ganz 
oder 
teilweise 
zurückgezahlt wird und im 
letzteren 
Fall 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
(ii) 
whether such Series is to be redeemed in 
whole or in part only and, if in part only, the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes 
which are to be redeemed; 
(iii) 
den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Call), der nicht weniger als 
30 Tage und nicht mehr als 60 
Tage nach dem Tag der 
Kündigung 
durch 
die 
Emittentin gegenüber den 
Anleihegläubigern 
liegen 
darf; und 
(iii) 
the Call Redemption Date, which shall be 
not less than 30 days nor more than 60 days 
after the date on which notice is given by 
the Issuer to the Noteholders; and 
(iv) 
den 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Call), 
zu 
dem 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zurückgezahlt werden. 
(iv) 
the Call Redemption Amount at which such 
Notes are to be redeemed. 
 
Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur 
teilweise 
zurückgezahlt 
werden, 
werden 
die 
zurückzuzahlenden 
(c) 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, Notes 
to be redeemed shall be selected in accordance with 
the rules and procedures of the relevant Clearing

--- Page 48 ---
46 
 
 
Schuldverschreibungen 
in 
Übereinstimmung mit den Regeln des 
betreffenden 
Clearing 
Systems 
ausgewählt. 
[Falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer 
NGN begeben werden, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Die 
teilweise 
Rückzahlung wird in den Registern 
von CBL und Euroclear nach deren 
Ermessen entweder als Pool-Faktor 
oder 
als 
Reduzierung 
des 
Gesamtnennbetrags wiedergegeben.] 
System. [In the case of Notes in NGN form the 
following applies: Such partial redemption shall be 
reflected in the records of CBL and Euroclear as 
either a pool factor or a reduction in aggregate 
principal amount, at the discretion of CBL and 
Euroclear.] 
[Text für die Put-Option nach Wahl der 
Anleihegläubiger: 
[Text for put option at the option of Noteholders: 
[([●])] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl 
der Anleihegläubiger: Die Emittentin 
wird nach Wahl der Anleihegläubiger 
deren 
Schuldverschreibungen 
an 
einem Optionalen Rückzahlungstag 
(Put), der in einer betreffenden Put-
Options-Mitteilung näher erläutert ist, 
zu einem maßgeblichen Optionalen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag (Put), zusammen 
mit den gegebenenfalls bis zu diesem 
Tag 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen, 
zurückzahlen. Zur Ausübung der in 
diesem § 4[(d)] beschriebenen Option 
muss der Anleihegläubiger an die 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle 
der 
Zahlstelle 
eine 
ordnungsgemäß 
ergänzte Put-Options-Mitteilung, die 
in der jeweils maßgeblichen Form bei 
der Zahlstelle erhältlich ist, zur 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung 
nicht 
weniger als 30 und nicht mehr als 60 
Tage 
vor 
dem 
betreffenden 
Optionalen Rückzahlungstag (Put) 
übermitteln. 
Falls 
die 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungserklärung nach 17.00 
Uhr Frankfurt am Main Zeit am 30. 
Zahltag 
vor 
dem 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Put) eingeht, ist 
das 
Wahlrecht 
nicht 
wirksam 
ausgeübt. Eine in Übereinstimmung 
mit 
diesem 
§ 4[(d)] 
einmal 
ordnungsgemäß 
abgegebene 
Put-
Options-Mitteilung 
kann 
nicht 
zurückgefordert 
werden. 
Die 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, für welche 
das Wahlrecht ausgeübt worden ist, 
erfolgt nur gegen Lieferung der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
an 
die 
Zahlstelle oder deren Order gemäß 
dem Verfahren der Clearingsysteme. 
[([●])] Early redemption at the option of Noteholders: The 
Issuer shall, at the option of the Noteholder of any 
Note, redeem such Note on the Optional 
Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put 
Option Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption 
Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued 
to such date. In order to exercise the option 
contained in this § 4[(d)], the Noteholder must, not 
less than 30 nor more than 60 days before the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), submit to 
the specified office of the Paying Agent a duly 
completed Put Option Notice, which may be 
obtained in the relevant form from the Paying 
Agent. In the event that the Put Option Notice is 
received after 5.00 p.m. Frankfurt am Main time on 
the 30th Payment Business Day before the Optional 
Redemption Date (Put), the option shall not have 
been validly exercised. A Put Option Notice once 
duly given in accordance with this § 4[(d)] may not 
be recalled. The redemption of the Notes in respect 
of which the option has been exercised shall be 
made only against delivery of the Notes to the 
Paying Agent or its order in accordance with the 
clearing systems procedure. If, prior to the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date (Put), any such Note 
becomes immediately due and payable or, upon due 
presentation of any such Note on the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of the 
redemption amounts is improperly withheld or 
refused, the relevant Paying Agent shall notify the 
relevant Noteholder.

--- Page 49 ---
47 
 
 
Wird 
jedoch 
eine 
derartige 
Schuldverschreibung 
vor 
dem 
betreffenden 
Optionalen 
Rückzahlungstag 
(Put) 
vorzeitig 
fällig 
und 
zahlbar 
oder 
bei 
rechtzeitiger Vorlegung einer solchen 
Schuldverschreibung 
am 
betreffenden 
Optionalen 
Rückzahlungstag (Put) die Zahlung 
der 
Rückzahlungsbeträge 
unberechtigt 
zurückgehalten 
oder 
verweigert, 
benachrichtigt 
die 
betreffende 
Zahlstelle 
den 
betreffenden Anleihegläubiger. 
„Put-Options-Mitteilung” 
ist 
eine 
Mitteilung, die der Zahlstelle von jedem 
Anleihegläubiger übersandt werden muss, der 
das 
Recht 
auf 
Rückzahlung 
einer 
Schuldverschreibung 
nach 
seiner 
Wahl 
ausüben will. 
“Put Option Notice” means a notice which must be 
delivered to a Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to 
exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the 
Noteholder. 
„Optionaler Rückzahlungsbetrag (Put)” ist 
in Bezug auf jede Schuldverschreibung [ihre 
Festgelegte 
Stückelung] 
[Optionalen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag (Put) einfügen. Dieser 
Betrag muss jedoch über der Festgelegten 
Stückelung liegen]. 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Put)” means, in respect 
of any Note, [its Specified Denomination] [insert relevant 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put). However, such amount 
must be higher than the Specified Denomination]. 
„Optionaler Rückzahlungstag (Put)” ist 
[Datum einsetzen].] 
“Optional Redemption Date (Put)” means [insert date].] 
[Text für die Kontrollwechsel Put-Option 
nach Wahl der Anleihegläubiger: 
[Text for change of control put option at the option of 
Noteholders: 
[([●])] Kontrollwechsel: 
Die 
Anleihegläubiger sind berechtigt, bei 
Eintritt 
eines 
Kontrollwechselereignisses 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
die 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen innerhalb des 
Zeitraums vom Tag der Begebung bis 
zu [140] Tage vor dem Fälligkeitstag 
zu 
verlangen 
(das 
„Rückzahlungsereignis (Put)”). 
[([●])] Change of Control: The Noteholders shall be 
entitled during the period from the Issue Date up to 
[140] days prior to the Maturity Date to require the 
redemption of the Notes upon occurrence of a 
Change of Control Event (as defined below) (the 
“Put Event”). 
Falls 
ein 
Rückzahlungsereignis 
(Put) 
eingetreten ist, ist jeder Anleihegläubiger 
berechtigt, 
von 
der 
Emittentin 
die 
Rückzahlung oder den Rückkauf (nach Wahl 
der Emittentin) der Schuldverschreibungen 
zum Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Put) (wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
am 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Put) (wie nachstehend 
definiert) zu verlangen. 
If a Put Event is deemed to have occurred, then each 
Noteholder is entitled to require the Issuer to redeem or 
repurchase (at the option of the Issuer) the Notes at the Put 
Amount (as defined below) on the Put Date (as defined 
below). 
Unmittelbar 
nach 
dem 
Eintritt 
eines 
Rückzahlungsereignisses 
(Put) 
wird 
die 
Promptly upon the occurrence of a Put Event, the Issuer 
shall give notice (a “Put Event Notice”) to the Noteholders

--- Page 50 ---
48 
 
 
Emittentin den Anleihegläubigern gemäß § 12 
in 
einer 
Mitteilung 
(eine 
„Rückzahlungsmitteilung 
(Put)”) 
die 
Umstände des Rückzahlungsereignisses (Put) 
und das Verfahren für die Ausübung des in 
diesem § 4 ([●]) genannten Wahlrechts 
angeben. 
in accordance with § 12 specifying the nature of the Put 
Event and the procedure for exercising the option pursuant 
to this § 4 ([●]). 
Dabei gilt: 
Whereby: 
Ein „Kontrollwechselereignis” tritt ein, 
wenn (i) ein Kontrollwechsel stattfindet und 
(ii) infolge dieses Kontrollwechsels der 
Emittentin kein langfristiges Kreditrating 
erteilt wird oder das durch Standard & Poors 
an die Emittentin vergebene langfristige 
Kreditrating um [zwei] oder mehr Stufen 
gesenkt wird, vorausgesetzt dass diese 
Änderung des Kreditratings innerhalb des 
Kontrollwechselzeitraums (wie nachstehend 
definiert) stattfindet. 
A “Change of Control Event” occurs if (i) a Change of 
Control occurs and (ii) as a result of such Change of Control, 
no long term credit rating is assigned to the Issuer or the long 
term credit rating assigned to the Issuer by Standard & 
Poor’s is downgraded by [two] or more notches, provided 
that such change in credit rating occurs within the Change 
of Control Period (as defined below). 
Ein „Kontrollwechsel” tritt ein, wenn eine 
Person oder eine gemeinsam handelnde 
Gruppe, mit Ausnahme der Hauptaktionäre 
(wie nachstehend definiert), Kontrolle über 
die Emittentin erlangt. 
A “Change of Control” occurs if any person or group, 
acting in concert, other than the Major Shareholders (as 
defined below), gains Control of the Issuer. 
„Kontrolle” bezeichnet Kontrolle wie in § 29 
Abs. 
2 
Wertpapiererwerbs- 
und 
Übernahmegesetz (WpÜG) definiert. 
“Control” means control as defined in Section 29 paragraph 
2 of the German Securities Acquisition and Takeover Act 
(Wertpapiererwerbs- und Übernahmegesetz). 
„Kontrollwechselzeitraum” bezeichnet den 
Zeitraum, der am früheren (1) des Tages der 
ersten öffentlichen Bekanntmachung des 
Kontrollwechsels und (2) des Tages der 
frühesten Möglichen Bekanntmachung des 
Kontrollwechsels (wie nachstehend definiert) 
beginnt 
und 
90 Tage 
nach 
dem 
Kontrollwechsel endet. 
“Change 
of 
Control Period” 
means the 
period 
commencing on the date that is the earlier of (1) the date of 
the first public announcement of a Change of Control; and 
(2) the date of the earliest Potential Change of Control 
Announcement (as defined below) and ending 90 days after 
the Change of Control. 
„Hauptaktionäre” 
bezeichnet 
[jeweils 
einzeln Daniel Křetínský und Patrik Tkáč, als 
natürliche 
Personen, 
einschließlich 
der 
möglichen Nachfolge im Erbfall (natürliche 
oder 
juristische 
Personen) 
sowie 
die 
Überführung der Beteiligung (oder Teilen 
davon) in einen Trust, Stiftung oder ähnliche 
Rechtsform 
im 
Rahmen 
einer 
Nachfolgeplanung, sowie  die Meridian 
Stiftung (Essen, Deutschland), die Prof. Otto 
Beisheim Stiftung (München, Deutschland) 
und die Prof. Otto Beisheim Stiftung (Baar, 
Schweiz) sowie jede Person, die unter der 
Kontrolle einer der vorgenannten Personen 
steht, und jeder damit verbundene Trust oder 
jede Stiftung.][  ] 
“Major Shareholders” means [each and any of Daniel 
Křetínský and Patrik Tkáč each individually, as natural 
persons, including possible succession in the event of 
inheritance (natural or legal persons) and the transfer of the 
shareholding (or parts thereof) to a trust, foundation or 
similar legal form as part of a succession planning, as well 
as Meridian Stiftung (Essen, Germany), Prof. Otto Beisheim 
Stiftung (Munich, Germany) and Prof. Otto Beisheim 
Stiftung (Baar, Switzerland) as well as each and any person 
under the Control of any of the foregoing persons and any 
associated trust or foundation (Stiftung).] [  ]

--- Page 51 ---
49 
 
 
„Mögliche 
Bekanntmachung 
des 
Kontrollwechsels” 
bezeichnet 
eine 
öffentliche Bekanntmachung oder Erklärung 
durch die Emittentin oder einen tatsächlichen 
oder möglichen Bieter in Bezug auf einen 
möglichen Kontrollwechsel, wenn innerhalb 
von 180 Tagen ab dem Tag dieser 
Bekanntmachung 
oder 
Erklärung 
ein 
Kontrollwechsel eintritt. 
“Potential Change of Control Announcement” means any 
public announcement or statement by the Issuer or any 
actual or potential bidder relating to any potential Change of 
Control where within 180 days of the date of such 
announcement or statement, a Change of Control occurs. 
Zur Ausübung dieses Wahlrechts muss der 
Anleihegläubiger (i) während der normalen 
Geschäftsstunden innerhalb eines Zeitraums 
(der „Rückzahlungszeitraum (Put)”) von 45 
Tagen, nachdem die Rückzahlungsmitteilung 
(Put) veröffentlicht ist, eine ordnungsgemäß 
ausgefüllte 
und 
unterzeichnete 
Ausübungserklärung bei der angegebenen 
Niederlassung der Zahlstelle einreichen (die 
„Ausübungserklärung (Put)”), die in ihrer 
jeweils 
maßgeblichen 
Form 
bei 
der 
angegebenen Niederlassung der Zahlstelle 
erhältlich 
ist 
und 
(ii) 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen an die Zahlstelle 
liefern. Ein so ausgeübtes Wahlrecht kann 
nicht ohne vorherige Zustimmung der 
Emittentin widerrufen oder zurückgezogen 
werden. 
In order to exercise such option, the Noteholder (i) must 
submit during normal business hours at the specified office 
of the Paying Agent a duly completed option exercise notice 
(“Put Notice”) in the form available from the specified 
office of the Paying Agent within the period (the “Put 
Period”) of 45 days after a Put Event Notice is given and 
(ii) deliver the Notes to the Paying Agent. No option so 
exercised may be revoked or withdrawn without the prior 
consent of the Issuer. 
„Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put)” bezeichnet 
den siebten Tag nach dem letzten Tag des 
Rückzahlungszeitraums. 
“Put Date” means the seventh day after the last day of the 
Put Period. 
„Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Put)” 
bezeichnet 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung einen Betrag, der (a) 
100 % der Festgelegten Stückelung und (b) 
den bis zum Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put) 
aufgelaufenen Zinsen entspricht.] 
“Put Amount” means in respect of any Note an amount 
equal to: (a) 100% of the Specified Denomination; and 
(b) any accrued interest up to the Put Date.] 
[([●])] Keine sonstige Rückzahlung: Die 
Emittentin ist nicht berechtigt, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
in 
einer 
anderen Form zurückzuzahlen, als es 
in den oben angeführten Abschnitten 
(a) bis [(d)] vorgegeben ist. 
[([●])] No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be 
entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as 
provided in paragraphs (a) to [(d)] above. 
[([●])] Kauf: Die Emittentin oder eine ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften 
können 
zu 
jeder Zeit auf dem offenen Markt oder 
anderweitig und zu jedem Preis 
Schuldverschreibungen kaufen. 
[([●])] Purchase: The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may 
at any time purchase Notes in the open market or 
otherwise and at any price.

--- Page 52 ---
50 
 
 
§ 5 
Zahlungen 
§ 5 
Payments 
 
Zahlungen 
an 
Anleihegläubiger: 
Zahlungen 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen an 
Order des/der jeweiligen Clearing 
System(s)(e) 
zu 
Gunsten 
der 
Anleihegläubiger durch Überweisung 
auf ein von diesen angegebenes 
Konto. 
(a) 
Payments to Noteholders: Payments in respect of 
the Notes shall be made to the order of the relevant 
clearing system(s) for the account of the 
Noteholders by transfer to an account specified by 
them. 
 
Zahlungen 
unterliegen 
Steuergesetzen: Alle Zahlungen auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
unterliegen in allen Fällen am 
Zahlungsort den anwendbaren Steuer- 
oder 
anderen 
Gesetzen 
und 
Vorschriften, 
unbeschadet 
der 
Bestimmungen 
des 
§ 6 
(Besteuerung). 
Den 
Anleihegläubigern werden von keiner 
Zahlstelle Provisionen oder Kosten 
auf solche Zahlungen belastet. 
(b) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in 
respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to any 
applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the 
place of payment, but without prejudice to the 
provisions of § 6 (Taxation). No commissions or 
expenses shall be charged by any Paying Agent to 
the Noteholders in respect of such payments. 
 
Zahlungen an Zahlungstagen: Ist der 
Fälligkeitstag für die Zahlung eines 
Betrages 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
kein 
Zahlungstag, 
hat 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
erst 
am 
nächstfolgenden Zahlungstag einen 
Anspruch 
auf 
Auszahlung. 
Der 
Anspruch auf Zahlung zusätzlicher 
Zins- oder anderer Beträge aufgrund 
einer solchen späteren Auszahlung ist 
ausgeschlossen. 
(c) 
Payments on payment business days: If the due date 
for payment of any amount in respect of any Note is 
not a Payment Business Day, the Noteholder shall 
not be entitled to payment of the amount due until 
the next succeeding Payment Business Day and 
shall not be entitled to any further interest or other 
payment in respect of any such delay. 
 
Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch 
Leistung der Zahlung an das Clearing 
System oder dessen Order von ihrer 
Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
(d) 
Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by 
payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing System. 
„Zahlungstag” ist 
“Payment Business Day” means 
[Text für die Option Euro: 
[Text for the option Euro: 
jeder Tag (außer einem Samstag oder 
Sonntag), (i) an dem das Clearing System 
geöffnet und (ii) der ein T2-Abrechnungstag 
ist. 
any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (i) on which the 
Clearing System is open and (ii) which is a T2 Settlement 
Day. 
„T2-Abrechnungstag” ist jeder Tag, an dem 
T2 (das vom Eurosystem betriebene Echtzeit-
Bruttoabwicklungssystem) 
oder 
jedes 
Nachfolgesystem („T2”) in Betrieb ist.] 
“T2 Settlement Day” means any day on which T2 (the real 
time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem) 
or any successor system thereto (“T2”) is operating.]

--- Page 53 ---
51 
 
 
[Text für die Option sonstige Währung: 
[Text for option other currencies: 
jeder Tag (außer einem Samstag oder 
Sonntag), (i) an dem das Clearing System 
geöffnet ist und (ii) an dem im Finanzzentrum 
der Währung, in welcher die Zahlung 
vorgenommen 
wird, 
[und 
in 
jedem 
Zusätzlichen Finanzzentrum] Geschäfte in 
ausländischen Währungen ausgeführt werden 
dürfen. 
any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (i) on which the 
Clearing System is open and (ii) which is a day on which 
dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment [and 
in each Additional Financial Centre]. 
[„Zusätzliche(s) Finanzzentrum(en)” ist 
[Stadt oder Städte angeben].]] 
[“Additional Financial Centre(s)” means [specify city or 
cities].]] 
§ 6 
Besteuerung 
§ 6 
Taxation 
 
Bruttoertrag: Alle Zahlungen von 
Kapital und Zinsen durch die (oder im 
Namen der) Emittentin auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen ohne 
Einbehalt oder Abzug an der Quelle 
von 
irgendwelchen 
Steuern, 
Gebühren oder Abgaben, die von oder 
in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
oder 
irgendeiner 
ihrer 
Gebietskörperschaften oder Behörden 
mit Steuerhoheit erhoben werden, 
sofern nicht eine solche Einbehaltung 
oder 
ein 
Abzug 
gesetzlich 
vorgeschrieben ist. In diesem Fall 
wird 
die 
Emittentin 
zusätzliche 
Beträge zahlen, was dazu führt, dass 
die Anleihegläubiger die Beträge 
erhalten, die sie auch erhalten hätten, 
wenn keine solche Einbehaltung oder 
kein solcher Abzug vorgenommen 
worden wäre, mit der Ausnahme, dass 
keine zusätzlichen Beträge zu zahlen 
sind: 
(a) 
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in 
respect of the Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer 
shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatsoever 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed at source by or in the Federal Republic of 
Germany or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax, 
unless such withholding or deduction is required by 
law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such 
additional amounts as will result in the receipt by 
the Noteholders of such amounts as would have 
been received by them if no such withholding or 
deduction had been required, except that no such 
additional amounts shall be payable: 
(i) 
im Zusammenhang mit jeder 
Zahlung auf jede Schuldver-
schreibung, die auf andere 
Weise als durch Abzug oder 
Einbehalt an der Quelle aus 
Zahlungen von Kapital oder 
Zinsen zu entrichten sind; 
(i) 
in relation to any payment in respect of any 
Note which is to be paid on payments of 
principal or interest by any means other 
than withholding at source or deduction at 
source; 
(ii) 
wenn 
der 
entsprechende 
Anleihegläubiger 
aufgrund 
seiner 
Verbindungen 
zur 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland, 
die über den reinen Besitz der 
Schuldverschreibung 
hinausgehen, 
zu 
irgendwelchen 
Steuern, 
(ii) 
if the relevant Noteholder is liable to such 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges due to having a connection with the 
Federal Republic of Germany other than the 
mere holding of the relevant Note;

--- Page 54 ---
52 
 
 
Gebühren 
oder 
Abgaben 
veranlagt wird; 
(iii) 
wenn ein solcher Einbehalt 
oder Abzug aufgrund (i) einer 
Richtlinie oder Verordnung 
der 
Europäischen 
Union 
betreffend die Besteuerung 
von Zinserträgen oder (ii) 
einer 
zwischenstaatlichen 
Vereinbarung 
über 
deren 
Besteuerung, 
an 
der 
Deutschland 
oder 
die 
Europäische Union beteiligt 
ist, 
oder 
(iii) 
einer 
gesetzlichen Vorschrift, die 
diese Richtlinie, Verordnung 
oder Vereinbarung umsetzt 
oder befolgt, erforderlich ist; 
(iii) 
where such withholding or deduction is 
required by (i) a European Union directive 
or regulation concerning the taxation of 
savings income in the form of interest 
payments or (ii) an intergovernmental 
agreement on the taxation thereof to which 
Germany or the European Union is a party 
or (iii) a statutory provision implementing 
or 
complying 
with 
such 
directive, 
regulation or agreement; 
(iv) 
hinsichtlich jeder Schuldver-
schreibung, die durch oder 
für einen Inhaber zur Zahlung 
vorgelegt wird, der in der 
Lage gewesen wäre, einen 
solchen 
Einbehalt 
oder 
Abzug durch Vorlegung der 
jeweiligen 
Schuldverschreibung 
bei 
einer anderen Zahlstelle in 
einem Mitgliedstaat der EU 
zu vermeiden; 
(iv) 
in respect of any Note presented for 
payment by or on behalf of a Noteholder 
who would have been able to avoid such 
withholding or deduction by presenting the 
relevant Note to another Paying Agent in a 
Member State of the EU; 
(v) 
wenn 
die 
Schuldverschreibung 
zur 
Zahlung mehr als 30 Tage 
nach dem Maßgeblichen Tag 
vorgelegt 
wird, 
ausgenommen 
in 
dem 
Umfang, 
in 
dem 
der 
betreffende 
Inhaber 
zu 
solchen 
zusätzlichen 
Beträgen berechtigt wäre, 
wenn 
er 
die 
Schuld-
verschreibung am letzten Tag 
dieses Zeitraums von 30 
Tagen vorgelegt hätte; 
(v) 
in respect of any Note presented for 
payment more than 30 days after the 
Relevant Date except to the extent that the 
relevant Noteholder would have been 
entitled to such additional amounts if it had 
presented such Note on the last day of such 
period of 30 days; 
(vi) 
wenn 
der 
Abzug 
oder 
Einbehalt aufgrund oder in 
Auswirkung 
oder 
als 
Ergebnis 
eines 
internationalen 
Vertrages, 
dem 
die 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland beigetreten ist, 
oder einer aufgrund eines 
solchen 
Vertrages 
ergangenen Direktive oder 
(vi) 
in respect of any withholding or deduction 
pursuant to or as a consequence or result of 
an international treaty to which the Federal 
Republic of Germany is a party, or pursuant 
to a directive or implementing regulation 
adopted pursuant to such a treaty; or

--- Page 55 ---
53 
 
 
Ausführungsbestimmung 
vorgenommen wird; oder 
(vii) 
wenn 
der 
Abzug 
oder 
Einbehalt 
im 
Fall 
einer 
Kombination der in den 
Absätzen 
(i) 
bis 
(vi) 
beschriebenen 
Fälle 
vorgenommen wird. 
(vii) 
in respect of any withholding or deduction 
in the case of any combination of 
circumstances described in paragraphs (i) 
to (vi). 
Die Bruttoertragsregelung dieses § 6(a) findet 
keine Anwendung in Bezug auf die deutsche 
Kapitalertragsteuer 
(inklusive 
der 
gegebenenfalls 
hierauf 
entfallenden 
Kirchensteuer), die nach dem deutschen 
Einkommensteuergesetz in seiner jeweils 
anzuwendenden Fassung abgezogen oder 
einbehalten wird, auch wenn der Abzug oder 
Einbehalt durch die Emittentin oder ihren 
Stellvertreter vorzunehmen ist, und den 
deutschen Solidaritätszuschlag oder jede 
andere 
Steuer, 
welche 
die 
deutsche 
Kapitalertragsteuer 
bzw. 
den 
Solidaritätszuschlag ersetzen oder erhöhen 
sollte. 
The gross-up obligation of this § 6(a) does not apply to 
German 
withholding 
tax 
on 
interest 
income 
(Kapitalertragsteuer; including, if any, church tax) to be 
deducted or withheld pursuant to the German Income Tax 
Act in its applicable version even if the deduction or 
withholding has to be made by the Issuer or its 
representative, and the German Solidarity Surcharge 
(Solidaritätszuschlag) or any other tax which may substitute 
or 
increase 
the 
German 
Kapitalertragsteuer 
or 
Solidaritätszuschlag, as the case may be. 
Ungeachtet gegenteiliger Angaben in diesem 
§ 6(a) sind weder die Emittentin noch 
irgendeine Zahlstelle oder sonstige Person zur 
Zahlung zusätzlicher Beträge in Bezug auf 
jegliche Einbehalte oder Abzüge verpflichtet, 
die (i) von oder in Bezug auf jegliche 
Wertpapiere gemäß den Abschnitten 1471 bis 
1474 des Code sowie den darunter erlassenen 
Verordnungen 
(„FATCA”), 
gemäß 
den 
Gesetzen der Bundesrepublik Deutschland, 
zur Umsetzung von FATCA oder gemäß 
jeglichem Vertrag zwischen der Emittentin 
und den Vereinigten Staaten oder einer 
Behörde der Vereinigten Staaten in Bezug auf 
FATCA oder gemäß eines Gesetzes der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
oder 
jeder 
anderen 
Jurisdiktion, 
die 
ein 
zwischenstaatliches Konzept in Bezug auf 
FATCA umsetzen, gemacht werden. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this § 6(a), 
neither the Issuer, nor any paying agent or any other person 
shall be required to pay any additional amounts with respect 
to any withholding or deduction (i) imposed on or in respect 
of any Note pursuant to sections 1471 to 1474 of the Code 
and the regulations promulgated thereunder (“FATCA”), 
any law of the Federal Republic of Germany implementing 
FATCA, or any agreement between the Issuer and the 
United States or any authority thereof entered into for 
FATCA purposes, or any law of the Federal Republic of 
Germany or any other jurisdiction implementing an 
intergovernmental approach to FATCA. 
„Maßgeblicher Tag” ist in Bezug auf jede 
Zahlung entweder (a) der Tag, an dem die 
betreffende Zahlung fällig wird oder (b) wenn 
die Zahlstelle den gesamten, zahlbaren Betrag 
nicht an oder vor einem solchen Fälligkeitstag 
erhalten hat, der Tag, an dem eine 
entsprechende Mitteilung (über den Erhalt des 
gesamten Betrages) an die Anleihegläubiger 
gegeben wird, je nachdem, welcher der beiden 
Tage der spätere ist. 
“Relevant Date” means, in relation to any payment, the 
later of (a) the date on which the payment in question first 
becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been 
received by the Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, 
the date on which (the full amount having been so received) 
notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders.

--- Page 56 ---
54 
 
 
 
Bedeutung von Kapital und Zinsen: 
(b) 
Meaning of principal and interest: 
(i) 
Jede 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
„Kapital” 
schließt 
einen 
etwaigen 
Rück-
zahlungsbetrag, 
[etwaige 
gemäß 
§ 3 
(Verspätete 
Zahlung 
des 
Rückzahlungsbetrages) 
zusätzlich zahlbare Beträge,] 
etwaiges 
zu 
zahlendes 
Aufgeld 
auf 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung 
und 
jeden anderen gemäß diesen 
Bedingungen 
zahlbaren 
Betrag mit Kapitalcharakter 
ein. 
(i) 
Any reference to “principal” shall include 
any redemption amount, [any additional 
amounts in respect of principal which may 
be payable under § 3 (Late Payment of 
Redemption 
Amount),] 
any 
premium 
payable in respect of a Note and any other 
amount in the nature of principal payable 
pursuant to these Conditions. 
(ii) 
Jede 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
„Zinsen” wird so behandelt, 
als schließe sie [alle gemäß 
§ 3 (Verspätete Zahlung des 
Rückzahlungsbetrages) 
zusätzlich zahlbare Beträge 
auf 
Zinsen 
und] 
alle 
[anderen] 
gemäß 
diesen 
Bedingungen zu zahlenden 
Beträge mit Zinscharakter 
ein. 
(ii) 
Any reference to “interest” shall be deemed 
to include [any additional amounts in 
respect of interest which may be payable 
under § 3 (Late Payment of Redemption 
Amount) and] any [other] amount in the 
nature of interest payable pursuant to these 
Conditions. 
 
Steuerhoheit: Sofern die Emittentin 
zu 
irgendeinem 
Zeitpunkt 
einer 
anderen Steuerhoheit als der der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
unterliegt, sind die Hinweise in diesen 
Bedingungen auf die Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland als Hinweise auf die 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
und/oder auf die jeweilige andere 
Steuerhoheit anzusehen. 
(c) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at 
any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the 
Federal Republic of Germany, references in these 
Conditions to The Federal Republic of Germany 
shall be construed as references to the Federal 
Republic of Germany and/or such other jurisdiction. 
§ 7 
Kündigungsgründe 
§ 7 
Events of Default 
Wenn eines der folgenden Ereignisse auftritt 
und andauert: 
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing: 
 
Nichtzahlung: die Emittentin zahlt 
den jeweiligen Kapitalbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
am 
Fälligkeitstag für die Zahlung von 
Kapital nicht oder entrichtet nicht den 
jeweiligen Zinsbetrag in Bezug auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen innerhalb 
von 10 Tagen nach dem Fälligkeitstag 
für die Zahlung von Zinsen; oder 
(a) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of 
principal in respect of the Notes on the due date for 
payment thereof or fails to pay any amount of 
interest in respect of the Notes within 10 days of the 
due date for payment thereof; or

--- Page 57 ---
55 
 
 
 
Verletzung 
sonstiger 
Verpflichtungen: die Emittentin gerät 
bei der Erfüllung und Einhaltung ihrer 
sonstigen 
wesentlichen 
Verpflichtungen 
unter 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen in Verzug 
und ein derartiger Verzug dauert 
länger als 30 Tage, nachdem hierüber 
eine 
Mitteilung 
eines 
Anleihegläubigers 
in 
Textform, 
adressiert an die Emittentin, der 
Emittentin zugestellt wurde; oder 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer defaults in 
the performance or observance of any of its other 
obligations in any material respect under the Notes 
and such default remains unremedied for 30 days 
after notice thereof in text form (Textform), 
addressed to the Issuer by any Noteholder, has been 
delivered to the Issuer; or 
 
Drittverzug der Emittentin oder einer 
Tochtergesellschaft: 
(c) 
Cross-default of Issuer or Subsidiary: 
(i) 
eine wie in § 2[(b)] definierte 
Verbindlichkeit 
der 
Emittentin oder einer ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften (wie in 
§ 2[(b)] definiert) wird bei 
Fälligkeit 
oder 
gegebenenfalls 
innerhalb 
einer 
ursprünglich 
vereinbarten 
und 
anwendbaren Nachfrist nicht 
beglichen; 
(i) 
any Indebtedness (as defined in § 2[(b)]) of 
the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries (as 
defined in § 2[(b)] is not paid when due or 
(as the case may be) within any originally 
agreed and applicable grace period; 
(ii) 
eine 
derartige 
Verbindlichkeit 
wird 
aufgrund einer Nicht- oder 
Schlechterfüllung 
der 
Emittentin oder einer ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften 
vor 
ihrem 
ursprünglich 
angegebenen 
Fälligkeitstermin bzw. vor 
Ablauf 
einer 
gewährten 
Nachfrist fällig und zahlbar; 
oder 
(ii) 
any such Indebtedness becomes due and 
payable prior to its original stated maturity 
or prior to the expiry of any further period 
for performance (Nachfrist) that may be 
granted as a result of non-performance 
(Nichterfüllung) or defective performance 
(Schlechterfüllung) by the Issuer or any of 
its Subsidiaries; or 
(iii) 
die Emittentin oder eine ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften 
versäumen es, innerhalb von 
10 Tagen aus einer fällig 
gewordenen 
Garantie-
verpflichtung Zahlung für 
eine 
Verbindlichkeit 
zu 
leisten, es sei denn, die 
Emittentin bestreitet in gutem 
Glauben, 
dass 
die 
Zahlungsverpflichtung 
besteht oder fällig ist bzw. die 
Garantieverpflichtung 
berechtigterweise 
geltend 
gemacht wird; 
(iii) 
the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries fails to 
pay within 10 days of the due date any 
amount payable by it under any guarantee 
of any Indebtedness unless the Issuer is 
disputing in good faith that it is obliged to 
make such payment or that such payment is 
due or that such guarantee has been 
properly demanded;

--- Page 58 ---
56 
 
 
vorausgesetzt, 
dass 
der 
Betrag 
der 
Verbindlichkeiten, auf die unter (i) und/oder 
unter (ii) Bezug genommen wird und/oder der 
unter einer Garantieverpflichtung zahlbare 
Betrag, auf den unter (iii) Bezug genommen 
wird, einzeln oder insgesamt EUR 75.000.000 
(oder den Gegenwert in einer oder mehreren 
Währung(en)) übersteigt; oder 
provided that the amount of Indebtedness referred to in sub-
paragraph (i) and/or sub-paragraph (ii) above and/or the 
amount payable under any guarantee referred to in sub-
paragraph (iii) above individually or in the aggregate 
exceeds EUR 75,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency or currencies); or 
 
Nicht erfülltes Urteil: ein(e) oder 
mehrere 
Urteil(e) 
oder 
Verfügung(en), gegen das/die nach 
dem 
anwendbaren 
Recht 
keine 
weiteren 
Berufungen 
oder 
gerichtliche Überprüfungen zulässig 
ist/sind, 
wird/werden 
gegen 
die 
Emittentin 
oder 
ihre 
Tochtergesellschaften für Zahlungen 
in einem Gesamtbetrag erwirkt, der 
EUR 75.000.000 
(oder 
den 
Gegenwert in einer oder mehreren 
Währung(en)) übersteigt, und dieser 
Betrag wird in einem Zeitraum von 
30 Tagen nach Rechtskraft, oder, falls 
das/ 
die 
Urteil(e) 
oder 
die 
Verfügung(en) 
einen 
späteren 
Zahlungstermin 
vorsieht/vorsehen, 
bis zu diesem benannten Zahlungstag, 
nicht 
bezahlt 
oder 
die 
Zahlungsaufforderung 
nicht 
ausgesetzt wird; oder 
(d) 
Unsatisfied judgment: one or more judgment(s) or 
order(s) from which no further appeal or judicial 
review is permissible under applicable law for the 
payment of an aggregate amount in excess of 
EUR 75,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency or currencies) is/are rendered against the 
Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries and continue(s) 
unsatisfied and unstayed for a period of 30 days 
after the date(s) on which it or they become(s) final 
or, if later, the date therein specified for payment; or 
 
Insolvenz 
usw.: 
(i) 
gegen 
die 
Emittentin 
oder 
eine 
ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften, 
deren 
Bilanzsumme jeweils ein Prozent der 
konsolidierten 
Bilanzsumme 
der 
METRO AG übersteigt, wird ein 
Insolvenz- oder Vergleichsverfahren 
(oder 
ähnliches 
Verfahren) 
gerichtlich 
eröffnet, 
das 
nicht 
innerhalb von 20 Tagen nach dessen 
Eröffnung 
aufgehoben 
oder 
ausgesetzt worden ist; oder (ii) die 
Emittentin 
oder 
eine 
ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften, 
deren 
Bilanzsumme jeweils ein Prozent der 
konsolidierten 
Bilanzsumme 
der 
METRO AG übersteigt, beantragt ein 
solches Verfahren oder stellt ihre 
Zahlungen ein oder bietet einen 
generellen 
Vergleich 
mit 
der 
Gesamtheit ihrer Anleihegläubiger 
an; oder (iii) die Emittentin oder eine 
ihrer Tochtergesellschaften, deren 
Bilanzsumme jeweils ein Prozent der 
konsolidierten 
Bilanzsumme 
der 
(e) 
Insolvency etc: (i) insolvency or bankruptcy 
proceedings 
(or 
similar 
proceedings) 
are 
commenced by any court of law against the Issuer 
or any of its Subsidiaries, the total assets of which 
exceed one per cent. of the consolidated total assets 
of METRO AG, and are not dismissed or stayed 
within 20 days of their commencement; or (ii) the 
Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries, the total assets of 
which exceed one per cent. of the consolidated total 
assets of METRO AG, applies for such proceedings 
to be commenced or declares a cessation of 
payments or proposes a general composition with 
all its creditors; or (iii) the Issuer or any of its 
Subsidiaries, the total assets of which exceed one 
per cent. of the consolidated total assets of METRO 
AG, ceases or announces its intention to cease to 
carry on all or a substantial part of its business 
operations or sells or disposes of its assets or a 
substantial part thereof and (A) thereby diminishes 
materially the value of its assets and (B) for this 
reason it becomes likely that the Issuer may not 
fulfil its payment obligations to the Noteholders 
(otherwise than, in the case of a Subsidiary of the 
Issuer, for the purposes of or pursuant to an

--- Page 59 ---
57 
 
 
METRO AG übersteigt, stellt ihren 
gesamten 
Betrieb 
oder 
einen 
wesentlichen Teil des Betriebes ein 
oder kündigt die Einstellung ihres 
gesamten oder eines wesentlichen 
Teils ihres Betriebes an oder verkauft 
oder 
verfügt 
über 
alle 
ihre 
Vermögenswerte 
oder 
einen 
wesentlichen Teil davon und (A) 
verringert damit wesentlich den Wert 
ihrer Vermögenswerte und (B) aus 
diesem 
Grund 
wird 
es 
wahrscheinlich, dass die Emittentin 
ihre 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
gegenüber den Anleihegläubigern 
nicht erfüllt (ausgenommen im Falle 
einer 
Tochtergesellschaft 
der 
Emittentin zwecks oder gemäß einer 
Fusion, 
Sanierung 
oder 
Umstrukturierung, 
während 
sie 
zahlungsfähig ist); oder 
amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring 
whilst solvent); or 
 
Abwicklung usw.: eine Verfügung 
oder ein rechtswirksamer Beschluss 
ergeht 
über 
die 
Abwicklung, 
Liquidation oder Auflösung der 
Emittentin 
oder 
einer 
ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften, 
deren 
Bilanzsumme jeweils ein Prozent der 
konsolidierten 
Bilanzsumme 
der 
METRO 
AG 
übersteigt, 
ausgenommen (i) im Falle einer 
Tochtergesellschaft der Emittentin 
zwecks oder gemäß einer Fusion, 
Sanierung oder Umstrukturierung, 
während sie zahlungsfähig ist; oder 
(ii) im Falle der Emittentin, zwecks 
oder gemäß einer Fusion, Sanierung 
oder Umstrukturierung, während sie 
zahlungsfähig ist, und die neue 
Gesellschaft (im Falle der Emittentin) 
übernimmt alle Verpflichtungen, die 
sich aus diesen Bedingungen ergeben; 
oder 
(f) 
Winding up etc.: an order is made or an effective 
resolution is passed for the winding up, liquidation 
or dissolution of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries, 
the total assets of which exceed one per cent. of the 
consolidated total assets of METRO AG, otherwise 
than, (i) in the case of a Subsidiary of the Issuer, for 
the purposes of or pursuant to an amalgamation, 
reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent; or (ii) 
in the case of the Issuer, otherwise than for the 
purposes of or pursuant to an amalgamation, 
reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent and 
the new company (in the case of the Issuer) assumes 
all obligations arising from these Conditions; or 
 
Gesetzwidrigkeit: die Erfüllung oder 
Einhaltung 
einer 
ihrer 
Verpflichtungen 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen ist oder wird 
für die Emittentin eine gesetzwidrige 
Handlung; 
(g) 
Unlawfulness: it is or will become unlawful for the 
Issuer to perform or comply with any of its 
obligations arising out of the Notes; 
kann durch eine Mitteilung des jeweiligen 
Anleihegläubigers in Textform, adressiert an 
die Emittentin, die der Emittentin zugestellt 
wird, jede Schuldverschreibung ab Zugang 
dieser Mitteilung als unverzüglich fällig und 
für zahlbar erklärt werden, worauf sie 
then any Note may, by notice in text form (Textform) 
addressed by the respective Noteholder to the Issuer and 
delivered to the Issuer, be declared immediately due and 
payable, and it shall upon receipt of such notice become 
immediately due and payable at its Early Termination

--- Page 60 ---
58 
 
 
unverzüglich und ohne jede weitere Handlung 
oder Formalität fällig und mit ihrem 
Vorzeitigen Kündigungsbetrag, zusammen 
mit den gegebenenfalls aufgelaufenen Zinsen, 
zahlbar wird. 
Amount together with accrued interest (if any) without 
further action or formality. 
„Vorzeitiger Kündigungsbetrag” ist in 
Bezug auf jede Schuldverschreibung ihre 
Festgelegte Stückelung. 
“Early Termination Amount” means, in respect of any 
Note, its Specified Denomination. 
§ 8 
Vorlegung, Verjährung und Hinterlegung 
§ 8 
Presentation, Prescription and Deposit 
 
Vorlegungsfrist: Die Frist für die 
Vorlegung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen gemäß § 801 
Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB wird auf 10 
Jahre verkürzt. 
(a) 
Presentation period: The period for presentation of 
Notes due, as established in Section 801 paragraph 
1 sentence 1 of the German Civil Code, is reduced 
to ten years. 
 
Verjährungsfrist: Die Frist für die 
Verjährung 
der 
Zahlungen 
von 
Kapital oder Zinsen unter den 
Schuldverschreibungen, die während 
der Vorlegungsfrist zur Zahlung 
vorgelegt werden, beträgt zwei Jahre, 
beginnend 
mit 
dem 
Ende 
des 
entsprechenden 
Vorlegungszeitraums. 
(b) 
Prescription period: The period for prescription for 
the payment of principal or interest under the Notes 
presented for payment during the presentation 
period shall be two years beginning at the end of the 
relevant presentation period. 
§ 9 
Emissionsstelle[,][und] Zahlstelle(n) [und 
Berechnungsstelle] 
§ 9 
Fiscal Agent[,][and] Paying Agent(s) [and Calculation 
Agent] 
 
Bestellung; 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle: Die Emissionsstelle 
[,][und] die Zahlstelle [und die 
Berechnungsstelle] sind nachstehend 
mit den benannten anfänglichen 
Geschäftsstellen aufgeführt: 
(a) 
Appointment, specified office: The Fiscal Agent 
[,][and] the Paying Agent [and the Calculation 
Agent] and their respective initial specified offices 
are as follows: 
„Emissionsstelle” und „Zahlstelle”: 
“Fiscal Agent” and “Paying Agent”: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Deutschland  
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
[„Berechnungsstelle”: 
[“Calculation Agent”: 
[●]] 
[●]] 
 
Änderung 
der 
Bestellung 
oder 
Abberufung: Die Emittentin behält 
sich 
das 
Recht 
vor, 
jederzeit 
zusätzliche Zahlstellen (gemeinsam 
mit der vorgenannten Zahlstelle, die 
(b) 
Variation or termination of appointment: The Issuer 
reserves the right at any time to appoint additional 
paying agents (together with the Paying Agent 
specified above, the “Paying Agents” and each a 
“Paying Agent”).

--- Page 61 ---
59 
 
 
„Zahlstellen” 
und 
jede 
eine 
„Zahlstelle”) zu benennen. 
Die Emittentin behält sich ferner das Recht 
vor, die Ernennung der Emissionsstelle 
[,][und] 
der 
Zahlstellen 
[und 
der 
Berechnungsstelle] jederzeit anders zu regeln 
oder zu beenden. 
The Issuer further reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent [,][and] any 
Paying Agent [and the Calculation Agent]. 
Die Emittentin wird sicherstellen, dass 
jederzeit (i) eine Emissionsstelle [und eine 
Berechnungsstelle], (ii) eine Zahlstelle mit 
einer Geschäftsstelle in einer Stadt auf dem 
europäischen Festland und (iii) so lange die 
Schuldverschreibungen auf Veranlassung der 
Emittentin an einer Börse notiert werden, eine 
Zahlstelle mit einer benannten Geschäftsstelle 
in 
dem 
von 
der 
betreffenden 
Börse 
vorgeschriebenen Land bestimmt ist. Die 
Emissionsstelle [,][und] etwaige Zahlstellen 
[und die Berechnungsstelle] behalten sich das 
Recht vor, jederzeit anstelle ihrer jeweils 
benannten 
Geschäftsstelle 
eine 
andere 
Geschäftsstelle im selben Land zu bestimmen. 
Bekanntmachungen 
hinsichtlich 
aller 
Veränderungen 
im 
Hinblick 
auf 
die 
Emissionsstelle und etwaige Zahlstellen 
erfolgen unverzüglich durch die Emittentin 
gemäß § 12. 
The Issuer will at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent [and 
a Calculation Agent] (ii) a Paying Agent with a specified 
office in a continental European city and (iii) so long as the 
Notes are listed on a stock exchange at the initiative of the 
Issuer, a Paying Agent with a specified office in such 
country as may be required by the rules of the relevant stock 
exchange. The Fiscal Agent [,][and] any Paying Agent [and 
the Calculation Agent] reserve the right at any time to 
change their respective specified offices to some other 
specified office in the same country. Notice of all changes 
in the identities or specified offices of the Fiscal Agent or 
any Paying Agent will be given promptly by the Issuer to 
the Noteholders in accordance with § 12. 
 
Erfüllungsgehilfe(n) der Emittentin: 
Die Emissionsstelle [,][und] die 
Zahlstelle(n) 
[und 
die 
Berechnungsstelle] 
handeln 
ausschließlich als Beauftragte der 
Emittentin und übernehmen keinerlei 
Verpflichtungen 
gegenüber 
dem 
Anleihegläubiger; 
es 
wird 
kein 
Auftrags- oder Treuhandverhältnis 
zwischen 
ihnen 
und 
dem 
Anleihegläubiger begründet. 
(c) 
Agent of the Issuer: The Fiscal Agent [,][and] any 
Paying Agent(s) [and the Calculation Agent] act 
solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any 
obligations towards or relationship of agency or 
trust for the Noteholder. 
Die Emissionsstelle [,][und] die Zahlstelle(n) 
[und die Berechnungsstelle] können den Rat 
eines oder mehrerer Rechtsanwälte oder 
anderer Sachverständiger einholen, deren 
Beratung oder Dienste sie für notwendig hält, 
und sich auf eine solche Beratung verlassen. 
Die Emissionsstelle [,][und] die Zahlstelle(n) 
[und die Berechnungsstelle] übernehmen 
keine 
Haftung 
gegenüber 
den 
Anleihegläubigern im Zusammenhang mit 
Handlungen, die in gutem Glauben im 
Einklang mit einer solchen Beratung getätigt, 
unterlassen oder geduldet wurden. 
The Fiscal Agent [,][and] the Paying Agent(s) [and the 
Calculation Agent] may engage the advice or services of any 
lawyers or other experts whose advice or services it deems 
necessary and may rely upon any advice so obtained. 
Neither the Fiscal Agent nor the Paying Agent [nor the 
Calculation Agent] will incur any liability as against the 
Noteholders in respect of any action taken, or not taken, or 
suffered to be taken, or not taken, in accordance with such 
advice in good faith.

--- Page 62 ---
60 
 
 
§ 10 
Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen 
§ 10 
Further Issues 
Die Emittentin kann ohne Zustimmung der 
Anleihegläubiger 
weitere 
Schuldverschreibungen mit in jeder Hinsicht 
identischen Bedingungen (oder in jeder 
Hinsicht 
mit 
Ausnahme 
der 
ersten 
Zinszahlung) begeben, die dann eine einzige 
Serie mit den Schuldverschreibungen bilden. 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, create and issue further notes having the same 
terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all 
respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to 
form a single series with the Notes. 
§ 11 
Ersetzung der Emittentin 
§ 11 
Substitution of the Issuer 
 
Die Emittentin ist jederzeit berechtigt, 
ohne 
Zustimmung 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
ein 
mit 
ihr 
verbundenes Unternehmen (wie unten 
definiert) als Emittentin (die „Neue 
Emittentin”) 
hinsichtlich 
aller 
Verpflichtungen 
aus 
oder 
in 
Verbindung 
mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen an die Stelle 
der Emittentin zu setzen, sofern: 
(a) 
The Issuer shall be entitled at any time without the 
consent of the Noteholders to be substituted as 
Issuer by any Affiliate (as defined below) (the “New 
Issuer”) in respect of all obligations arising from or 
in connection with the Notes, provided that: 
(i) 
die Neue Emittentin alle 
Verpflichtungen 
der 
Emittentin 
aus 
oder in Verbindung mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
übernimmt; 
(i) 
the New Issuer assumes all obligations of 
the Issuer arising from or in connection 
with the Notes; 
(ii) 
die Neue Emittentin alle etwa 
notwendigen 
Genehmigungen 
von 
den 
zuständigen 
Behörden 
erhalten hat, wonach die 
Neue Emittentin alle Beträge, 
die zur Erfüllung der aus oder 
in 
Verbindung 
mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
entstehenden 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
erforderlich sind, in der 
Emissionswährung oder einer 
anderen 
erforderlichen 
Währung ohne Einbehalt an 
der Quelle oder Abzug an der 
Quelle 
von 
Steuern, 
Gebühren oder Abgaben an 
die 
jeweilige 
Zahlstelle 
transferieren darf; und 
(ii) 
the New Issuer has obtained any necessary 
authorisation 
from 
the 
competent 
authorities to the effect that the New Issuer 
may transfer to the relevant Paying Agent 
in the Issue Currency or other relevant 
currency without the withholding at source 
or deduction at source of any taxes, fees, 
duties, assessments or other governmental 
charges all amounts required for the 
performance of the payment obligations 
arising from or in connection with the 
Notes; and 
(iii) 
die Neue Emittentin sich 
verpflichtet 
hat, 
jeden 
Anleihegläubiger hinsichtlich 
(iii) 
the New Issuer has agreed to indemnify and 
hold harmless each Noteholder against any 
tax, duty, assessment or governmental

--- Page 63 ---
61 
 
 
solcher Steuern, Abgaben 
oder 
behördlichen 
Lasten 
freizustellen, 
die 
einem 
Anleihegläubiger bezüglich 
der 
Ersetzung 
auferlegt 
werden;  
charge imposed on such Noteholder in 
respect of such substitution;  
(iv) 
die Emittentin unwiderruflich 
und 
unbedingt 
gegenüber 
jedem Anleihegläubiger die 
Zahlung aller von der Neuen 
Emittentin 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren Beträge garantiert; 
und 
(iv) 
the Issuer irrevocably and unconditionally 
guarantees in favour of each Noteholder the 
payment of all sums payable by the 
Substitute Debtor in respect of the Notes; 
and 
(v) 
der Emissionsstelle ein oder 
mehrere Rechtsgutachten von 
anerkannten Rechtsanwälten 
vorgelegt werden, welche 
bestätigen, 
dass 
die 
Bestimmungen 
in 
den 
vorstehenden Unterabsätzen 
(i) bis (iv) erfüllt wurden. 
(v) 
there shall have been delivered to the Fiscal 
Agent an opinion of lawyers of recognised 
standing to the effect that subparagraphs (i) 
to (iv) above have been satisfied. 
Für die Zwecke dieses § 11 bedeutet 
“verbundenes Unternehmen” ein verbundenes 
Unternehmen 
im 
Sinne 
von 
§ 15 
Aktiengesetz. 
For purposes of this § 11, “Affiliate” shall mean any 
affiliated company (verbundenes Unternehmen) within the 
meaning of § 15 Aktiengesetz (German Stock Corporation 
Act). 
 
Im 
Falle 
einer 
solchen 
Schuldnerersetzung gilt jede in diesen 
Bedingungen enthaltene Bezugnahme 
auf 
die 
Emittentin 
fortan 
als 
Bezugnahme auf die Neue Emittentin, 
und jede Bezugnahme auf das Land 
der Emittentin in den §§ 4(b) 
(Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
aus 
steuerlichen 
Gründen) 
und 
6 
(Besteuerung) 
gilt 
fortan 
als 
Bezugnahme auf das Land, in dem die 
Neue Emittentin ihren Sitz hat oder, 
falls abweichend, als Steuerinländerin 
gilt. 
(b) 
In the event of such substitution, any reference in 
these Terms and Conditions to the Issuer shall from 
then on be deemed to refer to the New Issuer and 
any reference to the Issuer’s country of domicile in 
§§ 4(b) (Early redemption for reasons of taxation) 
and 6 (Taxation) shall from then on be deemed to 
refer to the country where the New Issuer is 
domiciled or, if different, is treated as resident for 
tax purposes. 
 
Eine 
Schuldnerersetzung 
gemäß 
Absatz 
(a) 
ist 
für 
die 
Anleihegläubiger bindend und ist 
unverzüglich 
gemäß 
§ 12 
(Bekanntmachungen) 
bekannt 
zu 
machen. 
(c) 
Any substitution effected in accordance with 
paragraph (a) shall be binding on the Noteholders 
and shall be notified promptly in accordance with 
§ 12 (Notices). 
 
Im Übrigen gelten durch eine solche 
Schuldnerersetzung die Schuldver-
schreibungen insoweit als abgeändert, 
als es für die Wirksamkeit der 
Schuldnerersetzung erforderlich ist. 
(d) 
As of the rest of the issues, upon any such 
substitution, the Notes shall be deemed to be 
modified to the extent necessary for rendering the 
substitution effective.

--- Page 64 ---
62 
 
 
§ 12 
Bekanntmachungen 
§ 12 
Notices 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die an 
der offiziellen Liste der Luxemburger Börse 
notiert und zum Handel am Regulierten Mark 
(Bourse de Luxembourg) zugelassen sind, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: 
[In the case of Notes which are listed on the official list and 
admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (Bourse de Luxembourg) the 
following applies: 
 
Bekanntmachung. 
Alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden 
Mitteilungen 
erfolgen 
durch 
elektronische Publikation auf der 
Internetseite der Luxemburger Börse 
(www.luxse.com). Jede Mitteilung 
gilt am dritten Tag nach dem Tag der 
Veröffentlichung als wirksam erfolgt. 
(a) 
Publication. All notices concerning the Notes will 
be made by means of electronic publication on the 
internet website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.luxse.com). Any notice so given 
will be deemed to have been validly given on the 
third day following the date of such publication. 
 
Mitteilungen an das Clearing System. 
Solange Schuldverschreibungen an 
der offiziellen Liste der Luxemburger 
Börse notiert und zum Handel am 
Regulierten 
Markt 
(Bourse 
de 
Luxembourg) zugelassen sind, findet 
§ 12 Absatz (a) Anwendung. Soweit 
die Regeln der Luxemburger Börse 
dies zulassen, kann die Emittentin 
eine Veröffentlichung nach § 12 
Absatz (a) durch eine Mitteilung an 
das 
Clearing 
System 
zur 
Weiterleitung 
an 
die 
Anleihegläubiger 
ersetzen; 
jede 
derartige Mitteilung gilt am fünften 
Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an 
das 
Clearing 
System 
als 
den 
Anleihegläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
(b) 
Notification to Clearing System. So long as any 
Notes are listed on the official list and admitted to 
trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (Bourse de Luxembourg), § 12(a) 
shall apply. If the rules of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange so permit, the Issuer may deliver the 
relevant notice to the Clearing System for 
communication by the Clearing System to the 
Noteholders, in lieu of publication as set forth in 
§ 12(a) above; any such notice shall be deemed to 
have been validly given on the fifth day after the day 
on which the said notice was given to the Clearing 
System.] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die 
nicht an einer Börse notiert sind, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: 
[In the case of Notes which are unlisted the following 
applies: 
 
Mitteilungen an das Clearing System. 
Die 
Emittentin 
wird 
alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden 
Mitteilungen an das Clearing System 
zur 
Weiterleitung 
an 
die 
Anleihegläubiger übermitteln. Jede 
derartige Mitteilung gilt am fünften 
Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an 
das 
Clearing 
System 
als 
den 
Anleihegläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
(a) 
Notification to Clearing System. The Issuer shall 
deliver all notices concerning the Notes to the 
Clearing System for communication by the Clearing 
System to the Noteholders. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been validly given on the fifth day 
after the day on which the said notice was given to 
the Clearing System.] 
[(b)][(c)] 
Form 
der 
Mitteilung. 
Mitteilungen, 
die 
von 
einem 
Anleihegläubiger gemacht werden, 
müssen in Textform erfolgen und 
zusammen mit dem Nachweis seiner 
[(b)][(c)] 
Form of Notice. Notices to be given by any 
Noteholder shall be made in text form together with 
an evidence of the Noteholder’s entitlement to the 
Fiscal Agent. Such notice may be given through the 
Clearing System in such manner as the Fiscal Agent

--- Page 65 ---
63 
 
 
Inhaberschaft an die Emissionsstelle 
geleitet 
werden. 
Eine 
solche 
Mitteilung kann über das Clearing 
System in der von der Emissionsstelle 
und dem Clearing System dafür 
vorgesehenen Weise erfolgen. 
and the Clearing System may approve for such 
purpose. 
§ 13 
Änderung der Bedingungen, 
gemeinsamer Vertreter 
§ 13 
Amendment of the Conditions, Noteholders’ 
Representative 
 
Änderung der Bedingungen. Die 
Emittentin 
kann 
die 
Emissionsbedingungen 
mit 
Zustimmung 
aufgrund 
Mehrheitsbeschlusses 
der 
Anleihegläubiger nach Maßgabe der 
§§ 5 ff. des deutschen Gesetzes über 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen 
(„SchVG”) 
in 
seiner jeweiligen gültigen Fassung 
ändern. Die Anleihegläubiger können 
insbesondere 
einer 
Änderung 
wesentlicher 
Inhalte 
der 
Emissionsbedingungen, 
einschließlich der in § 5 Absatz 3 
SchVG vorgesehenen Maßnahmen, 
mit den in dem nachstehenden § 13(b) 
genannten Mehrheiten zustimmen. 
Ein 
ordnungsgemäß 
gefasster 
Mehrheitsbeschluss 
ist 
für 
alle 
Anleihegläubiger verbindlich. 
(a) 
Amendment of the Terms and Conditions. The 
Issuer may amend the Terms and Conditions with 
the consent of a majority resolution of the 
Noteholders pursuant to §§ 5 et seqq. of the German 
Act on Issues of Debt Securities (Gesetz über 
Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen, 
“SchVG”), as amended from time to time. In 
particular, the Noteholders may consent to 
amendments which materially change the substance 
of the Terms and Conditions, including such 
measures as provided for under § 5(3) of the 
SchVG, by resolutions passed by such majority of 
the votes of the Noteholders as stated under § 13(b) 
below. A duly passed majority resolution will be 
binding upon all Noteholders. 
 
Mehrheitserfordernisse. 
Vorbehaltlich 
des 
nachstehenden 
Satzes und der Erreichung der 
erforderlichen 
Beschlussfähigkeit, 
beschließen die Anleihegläubiger mit 
der einfachen Mehrheit der an der 
Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte. 
Beschlüsse, 
durch 
welche der wesentliche Inhalt der 
Emissionsbedingungen, insbesondere 
in den Fällen des § 5 Absatz 3 
Nummer 1 bis 9 SchVG, geändert 
wird, bedürfen zu ihrer Wirksamkeit 
einer Mehrheit von mindestens 75 % 
der 
an 
der 
Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden Stimmrechte (eine 
„Qualifizierte Mehrheit”). 
(b) 
Majority. Except as provided by the following 
sentence 
and 
provided 
that 
the 
quorum 
requirements are being met, the Noteholders may 
pass resolutions by simple majority of the voting 
rights participating in the vote. Resolutions which 
materially change the substance of the Terms and 
Conditions, in particular in the cases of § 5(3) 
numbers 1 through 9 of the SchVG, may only be 
passed by a majority of at least 75 % of the voting 
rights participating in the vote (a “Qualified 
Majority”). 
 
Beschlüsse der Anleihegläubiger. Die 
Anleihegläubiger können Beschlüsse 
in 
einer 
Gläubigerversammlung 
gemäß §§ 5 ff. SchVG oder im Wege 
einer 
Abstimmung 
ohne 
(c) 
Resolution of Noteholders. The Noteholders can 
pass 
resolutions 
in 
a 
meeting 
(Gläubigerversammlung) in accordance with §§ 5 
et seqq. of the SchVG or by means of a vote without

--- Page 66 ---
64 
 
 
Versammlung gemäß § 18 und § 5 ff. 
SchVG fassen. 
a meeting (Abstimmung ohne Versammlung) in 
accordance with § 18 and § 5 et seqq. of the SchVG. 
 
Die 
Einberufung 
zur 
Gläubigerversammlung 
kann 
vorsehen, dass die Teilnahme an der 
Gläubigerversammlung 
und 
die 
Ausübung der Stimmrechte von einer 
vorherigen 
Anmeldung 
der 
Anleihegläubiger abhängig ist. In 
diesem Fall muss die Anmeldung 
unter der in der Bekanntmachung der 
Einberufung mitgeteilten Adresse 
spätestens zu dem in der Einberufung 
zur 
Gläubigerversammlung 
festgelegten 
Zeitpunkt 
vor 
der 
Gläubigerversammlung zugehen. Die 
Einberufung 
zur 
Gläubigerversammlung 
kann 
vorsehen, dass die Anleihegläubiger 
ihre Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an 
der Abstimmung durch einen in 
Textform 
erstellten 
besonderen 
Nachweis der Depotbank und durch 
Vorlage eines Sperrvermerks der 
Depotbank, aus dem hervorgeht, dass 
die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen ab dem Tag 
der 
Absendung 
der 
Anmeldung 
(einschließlich) bis zum angegebenen 
Ende 
der 
Gläubigerversammlung 
(einschließlich) 
nicht 
übertragbar 
sind, nachweisen müssen. 
(aa) 
The convening notice to a meeting may stipulate 
that attendance at the meeting and exercise of voting 
rights is subject to the Noteholders’ registration. In 
this case, the registration must be received at the 
address stated in the convening notice no later than 
at the time, prior to the meeting, specified in the 
convening notice to a meeting. The convening 
notice to a meeting may stipulate that Noteholders 
must demonstrate their eligibility to participate in 
the vote by means of a special confirmation of the 
custodian hereof in text form and by submission of 
a blocking instruction by the depositary bank stating 
that the relevant Notes are not transferable from 
(and including) the day such registration has been 
sent until (and including) the stated end of the 
meeting. 
 
Zusammen mit der Stimmabgabe 
müssen die Anleihegläubiger ihre 
Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an der 
Abstimmung durch einen in Textform 
erstellten besonderen Nachweis der 
Depotbank und durch Vorlage eines 
Sperrvermerks der Depotbank, aus 
dem hervorgeht, dass die betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen ab dem Tag 
der Stimmabgabe (einschließlich) bis 
zum 
letzten 
Tag 
des 
Abstimmungszeitraums 
(einschließlich) 
nicht 
übertragbar 
sind, nachweisen. 
(bb) 
Together with casting their votes, Noteholders must 
demonstrate their eligibility to participate in the 
vote by means of a special confirmation of the 
custodian hereof in text form and by submission of 
a blocking instruction by the Custodian stating that 
the relevant Notes are not transferable from (and 
including) the day such vote has been cast until (and 
including) the day the voting period ends. 
 
Zweite Versammlung. Wird für die 
Gläubigerversammlung 
gemäß 
§ 13(c)(aa) oder die Abstimmung 
ohne 
Versammlung 
gemäß 
§ 13(c)(bb) 
die 
mangelnde 
Beschlussfähigkeit festgestellt, kann 
– im Fall der Gläubigerversammlung 
–
der Vorsitzende eine zweite 
(d) 
Second Meeting. If it is ascertained that no quorum 
exists for the meeting pursuant to § 13(c)(aa) or the 
vote without a meeting pursuant to § 13(c)(bb), in 
case of a meeting, the chairman (Vorsitzender) may 
convene a second meeting in accordance with § 15 
paragraph 3 sentence 2 of the SchVG or, in case of 
a vote without a meeting, the scrutineer 
(Abstimmungsleiter) may convene a second

--- Page 67 ---
65 
 
 
Versammlung im Sinne von § 15 
Absatz 3 Satz 2 SchVG und – im Fall 
der Abstimmung ohne Versammlung 
– der Abstimmungsleiter eine zweite 
Versammlung im Sinne von § 15 
Absatz 3 Satz 3 SchVG einberufen. 
Die Teilnahme an der zweiten 
Versammlung und die Ausübung der 
Stimmrechte 
sind 
von 
einer 
vorherigen 
Anmeldung 
der 
Anleihegläubiger abhängig. Für die 
Anmeldung der Anleihegläubiger zu 
einer zweiten Versammlung gelten 
die Bestimmungen des § 13(c)(aa) 
entsprechend. 
meeting within the meaning of § 15 paragraph 3 
sentence 3 of the SchVG. Attendance at the second 
meeting and exercise of voting rights is subject to 
the Noteholders’ registration. The provisions set out 
in § 13(c)(bb) shall apply mutatis mutandis to the 
Noteholders’ registration for a second meeting. 
 
Gemeinsamer Vertreter. 
(e) 
Noteholders’ Representative. 
[Falls kein gemeinsamer Vertreter in den 
Anleihebedingungen 
bestellt 
wird, 
ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: Die Anleihegläubiger 
können 
durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss 
zur 
Wahrnehmung 
ihrer 
Rechte 
einen 
gemeinsamen Vertreter (der „Gemeinsame 
Vertreter”) 
für 
alle 
Anleihegläubiger 
bestellen.] 
[If no Noteholders’ Representative is designated in the 
Terms and Conditions, the following applies: The 
Noteholders may by majority resolution appoint a common 
representative (the “Noteholders’ Representative”) to 
exercise the Noteholders’ rights on behalf of each 
Noteholders.] 
[Im Fall der Bestellung des gemeinsamen 
Vertreters in den Anleihebedingungen, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: Der gemeinsame 
Vertreter 
ist 
[Gemeinsamer 
Vertreter] 
(der „Gemeinsame Vertreter”). Die Haftung 
des gemeinsamen Vertreters ist auf das 
Zehnfache 
seiner 
jährlichen 
Vergütung 
beschränkt, es sei denn, dem gemeinsamen 
Vertreter 
fällt 
Vorsatz 
oder 
grobe 
Fahrlässigkeit zur Last.] 
[If the Noteholders’ Representative is appointed in the 
Terms and Conditions, the following applies: The common 
representative (the “Noteholders’ Representative”) shall 
be [Noteholders’ Representative]. The liability of the 
Noteholders’ Representative shall be limited to ten times the 
amount of its annual remuneration, unless the Noteholders’ 
Representative has acted wilfully or with gross negligence.] 
Der gemeinsame Vertreter hat die Aufgaben 
und Befugnisse, welche ihm durch Gesetz 
oder von den Anleihegläubigern durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss eingeräumt wurden. Er 
hat die Weisungen der Anleihegläubigern zu 
befolgen. Soweit er zur Geltendmachung von 
Rechten der Anleihegläubigern ermächtigt ist, 
sind die einzelnen Anleihegläubigern zur 
selbständigen Geltendmachung dieser Rechte 
nicht 
befugt, 
es 
sei 
denn 
der 
Mehrheitsbeschluss sieht dies ausdrücklich 
vor. Über seine Tätigkeit hat der gemeinsame 
Vertreter den Anleihegläubigern zu berichten. 
Für die Abberufung und die sonstigen Rechte 
und Pflichten des gemeinsamen Vertreters 
gelten die Vorschriften des SchVG. 
The Noteholders’ Representative shall have the duties and 
powers provided by law or granted by majority resolution of 
the Noteholders. The Noteholders’ Representative shall 
comply with the instructions of the Noteholders. To the 
extent that the Noteholders’ Representative has been 
authorised to assert certain rights of the Noteholders, the 
Noteholders shall not be entitled to assert such rights 
themselves, unless explicitly provided for in the relevant 
majority resolution. The Noteholders’ Representative shall 
provide reports to the Noteholders on its activities. The 
regulations of the SchVG apply with regard to the recall and 
the other rights and obligations of the Noteholders’ 
Representative.

--- Page 68 ---
66 
 
 
 
Bekanntmachungen. 
Bekanntmachungen betreffend dieses 
§ 13 erfolgen ausschließlich gemäß 
den Bestimmungen des SchVG. 
(f) 
Notices. Any notices concerning this § 13 shall be 
made exclusively pursuant to the provisions of the 
SchVG. 
 
Erstreckung auf Garantie. Die oben 
aufgeführten 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen gelten entsprechend 
für die Bestimmungen einer etwaigen 
Garantie gemäß § 11(a)(iii). 
(g) 
Application to Guarantee. The provisions set out 
above applicable to the Notes shall apply mutatis 
mutandis to any guarantee granted pursuant to 
§ 11(a)(iii). 
§ 14 
Anwendbares Recht, Gerichtsstand  
§ 14 
Governing Law, Jurisdiction  
 
Anwendbares 
Recht: 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
und 
alle 
daraus resultierenden Rechte und 
Pflichten unterliegen ausschließlich 
dem 
Recht 
der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland. 
Erfüllungsort 
ist 
Frankfurt am Main. 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes as well as all the rights 
and duties arising therefrom are governed 
exclusively by the laws of the Federal Republic of 
Germany. Place of performance is Frankfurt am 
Main. 
 
Gerichtsstand: 
Grundsätzlich 
ist 
nicht-ausschließlicher Gerichtsstand 
für alle sich aus den in diesen 
Bedingungen 
geregelten 
Rechtsverhältnissen 
ergebenden 
Rechtsstreitigkeiten 
mit 
der 
Emittentin Frankfurt am Main. Dieser 
Gerichtsstand 
ist 
hingegen 
ausschließlich, soweit es sich um 
Rechtsstreitigkeiten handelt, die von 
Kaufleuten, juristischen Personen des 
öffentlichen 
Rechts, 
öffentlich-
rechtlichen 
Sondervermögen 
und 
Personen 
ohne 
allgemeinen 
Gerichtsstand in der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland angestrengt werden. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: The competent courts of Frankfurt am 
Main shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction for all 
litigation with the Issuer arising from the legal 
relations established in these Conditions; provided, 
however, that Frankfurt am Main shall be exclusive 
place of jurisdiction for all litigation which is 
brought by merchants (Kaufleute), legal persons 
under public law (juristische Personen des 
öffentlichen Rechts), special funds under public law 
(öffentlich-rechtliche 
Sondervermögen) 
and 
persons not subject to general jurisdiction of the 
courts of the Federal Republic of Germany 
(Personen ohne allgemeinen Gerichtsstand in der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland).

--- Page 69 ---
67 
 
 
§ 15 
Sprache 
§ 15 
Language 
[Falls die Emissionsbedingungen in deutscher 
Sprache mit einer Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache abgefasst sind, einfügen: 
[If the Terms and Conditions shall be in the German 
language with an English language translation insert: 
Diese 
Emissionsbedingungen 
sind 
in 
deutscher 
Sprache 
abgefasst. 
Eine 
Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist 
beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und 
maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die englische 
Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the German 
language and provided with an English language translation. 
The German text shall be controlling and binding. The 
English language translation is provided for convenience 
only.] 
[Falls 
die 
Emissionsbedingungen 
in 
englischer Sprache mit einer Übersetzung in 
die 
deutsche 
Sprache 
abgefasst 
sind, 
einfügen: 
[If the Terms and Conditions shall be in the English 
language with a German language translation insert: 
Diese 
Emissionsbedingungen 
sind 
in 
englischer 
Sprache 
abgefasst. 
Eine 
Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist 
beigefügt. Der englische Text ist bindend und 
maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die deutsche 
Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the English 
language and provided with a German language translation. 
The English text shall be controlling and binding. The 
German language translation is provided for convenience 
only.] 
[Falls 
die 
Emissionsbedingungen 
ausschließlich in deutscher Sprache abgefasst 
sind, einfügen: 
[If the Terms and Conditions shall be in the German 
language only insert: 
Diese 
Emissionsbedingungen 
sind 
ausschließlich 
in 
deutscher 
Sprache 
abgefasst.] 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the German 
language only.] 
[Falls 
die 
Emissionsbedingungen 
ausschließlich 
in 
englischer 
Sprache 
abgefasst sind, einfügen: 
[If the Terms and Conditions shall be in the English 
language only insert: 
Diese 
Emissionsbedingungen 
sind 
ausschließlich 
in 
englischer 
Sprache 
abgefasst.] 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the English 
language only.]

--- Page 70 ---
68 
 
 
Option II: Floating Rate Notes 
Die Emissionsbedingungen 
Terms and Conditions 
Die Emissionsbedingungen können im Fall einer 
individuellen 
Emission 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen selbstständig entweder 
in der deutschen oder in der englischen Sprache 
benutzt werden. Die bindende Sprache wird im 
Zeitpunkt der jeweiligen Emission festgelegt. 
The Terms and Conditions may, in the case of an individual 
issue of Notes, be used independently in the German or 
English language. It will be agreed at the time of each issue 
which language will be binding. 
§ 1 
Währung, Stückelung, Form 
§ 1 
Currency, Denomination, Form 
 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen: 
Diese 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(die 
„Schuldverschreibungen”) 
der 
METRO AG (die „Emittentin”) werden 
in 
[Währung 
einfügen] 
im 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
[Falls 
die 
Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, einfügen: 
(vorbehaltlich § 1(c))] von [Gesamt-
nennbetrag 
einfügen] 
(in 
Worten: 
[Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten]) in einer 
Stückelung von [Stückelung einfügen] 
(die 
„Festgelegte 
Stückelung”) 
emittiert. Die Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
eingeteilt 
in 
untereinander 
gleichberechtigte 
Inhaberschuldverschreibungen 
und 
werden in Form einer [classical global 
note („CGN”)] [new global note 
(„NGN”)] begeben. 
(a) 
The Notes: These Notes (the “Notes”) of METRO 
AG (the “Issuer”) are issued in [insert specified 
currency] in the aggregate principal amount of [In 
case the Global Note is an NGN insert: (subject to 
§ 1(c))] of [aggregate principal amount] (in words 
[aggregate principal amount in words]) in a 
denomination 
of 
[insert 
denomination] 
(the 
“Specified Denomination”). The Notes are in 
bearer form, having the same rights among 
themselves and are issued in [classical global Note 
(“CGN”)] [new global Note (“NGN”)] form. 
[Text für Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer 
dauerhaften Globalurkunde: 
[Text applicable to Notes represented by permanent global 
note: 
 
Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer 
Globalurkunde: 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen sind für ihre 
gesamte Laufzeit in einer dauerhaften 
Globalurkunde 
(„Globalurkunde”) 
verbrieft, die [bei der Clearstream 
Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 
65760 
Eschborn, 
Deutschland 
(„Clearstream, Frankfurt”)] [Falls die 
Globalurkunde eine CGN ist, einfügen: 
bei einem gemeinsamen Verwahrer] 
[Falls die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, 
einfügen: 
bei 
einer 
gemeinsamen 
Sicherheitenverwahrstelle 
(common 
safekeeper)] für Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 
Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 
Brüssel, Belgien („Euroclear”) und 
Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue 
JF 
Kennedy, 
1855 
Luxemburg, 
Luxemburg 
(„Clearstream, 
(b) 
Notes in global form: The Notes are represented for 
the whole life of the Notes by a permanent global 
bearer Note (the “Global Note”) which is deposited 
with [Clearstream Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 
61, 65760 Eschborn, Germany (“Clearstream, 
Frankfurt”)] [In case the Global Note is a CGN 
insert: a common depositary] [In case the Global 
Note is a NGN insert: a common safekeeper] for 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 
1210 
Brussels, 
Belgium 
(“Euroclear”) 
and 
Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 
1855 Luxembourg, Luxembourg (“Clearstream, 
Luxembourg”) 
(Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg each an “ICSD” (International Central 
Securities Depositary) and, together, the “ICSDs”)] 
[insert name and definition of other clearing 
system(s)]. The rights to demand payment of interest 
(if any) are not evidenced by a separate document. 
The Global Note bears the manual signatures of two 
duly authorised officers of the Issuer as well as the

--- Page 71 ---
69 
 
 
Luxemburg”) 
(Euroclear 
und 
Clearstream, Luxemburg jeweils ein 
„ICSD” 
(Internationale 
zentrale 
Verwahrstelle) 
und 
zusammen 
die 
„ICSDs”)] [Name(n) und Definition(en) 
des/der sonstigen Clearing-System(s)(e) 
einsetzen] 
hinterlegt 
ist. 
Etwaige 
Zinsansprüche sind nicht gesondert 
verbrieft. Die Globalurkunde trägt die 
eigenhändigen Unterschriften von zwei 
Vertretungsberechtigten der Emittentin 
sowie die eigenhändige Unterschrift 
eines 
Kontrollbeauftragten 
der 
Emissionsstelle (wie in § 9 definiert). 
Schuldverschreibungen in effektiven 
Urkunden werden nicht ausgegeben. Ein 
Anspruch 
auf 
Ausdruck 
und 
Auslieferung 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen in effektiven 
Urkunden ist ausgeschlossen.] 
manual signature of an authentication officer of the 
Fiscal Agent (as defined in § 9). No definitive Notes 
will be issued. The right to demand the printing and 
delivery of definitive Notes is excluded.] 
[Text für Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer 
vorläufigen Globalurkunde mit Austausch gegen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
in 
Form 
einer 
dauerhaften Globalurkunde: 
[Text applicable to Notes represented by temporary global 
note exchangeable for permanent global note: 
 
Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer 
Globalurkunde: 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen sind anfänglich 
in einer vorläufigen Globalurkunde 
(„Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde”) 
verbrieft, die bei der [Clearstream 
Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 
65760 
Eschborn, 
Deutschland 
(„Clearstream, Frankfurt”)] [Falls die 
Globalurkunde eine CGN ist, einfügen: 
bei einem gemeinsamen Verwahrer] 
[Falls die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, 
einfügen: 
bei 
einer 
gemeinsamen 
Sicherheitenverwahrstelle 
(common 
safekeeper)] für Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 
Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 
Brüssel, Belgien („Euroclear”) und 
Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue 
JF 
Kennedy, 
1855 
Luxemburg, 
Luxemburg 
(„Clearstream, 
Luxemburg”) 
(Euroclear 
und 
Clearstream, Luxemburg jeweils ein 
„ICSD” und zusammen die „ICSDs”)] 
[Name(n) und Definition(en) des/der 
sonstigen 
Clearing-System(s)(e) 
einsetzen] hinterlegt ist. Die Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde wird bei Vorlegung einer 
Bescheinigung, dass der bzw. die 
rechtliche(n) 
oder 
wirtschaftliche(n) 
Eigentümer 
keine 
US-Person(en) 
entsprechend dem US-Steuerrecht sind, 
(b) 
Notes in global form: The Notes are initially 
represented by a temporary global bearer Note (the 
“Temporary Global Note”) which is deposited 
with [Clearstream Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 
61, 65760 Eschborn, Germany (“Clearstream, 
Frankfurt”)] [In case the Global Note is a CGN 
insert: a common depositary] [In case the Global 
Note is a NGN insert: a common safekeeper] for 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 
1210 
Brussels, 
Belgium 
(“Euroclear”) 
and 
Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 
1855 Luxembourg, Luxembourg (“Clearstream, 
Luxembourg”) 
[(Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg each an “ICSD” and, together, the 
“ICSDs”)] [insert name and definition of other 
clearing system(s)]. The Temporary Global Note 
will be exchangeable for a permanent global note 
(the “Permanent Global Note” and, together with 
the Temporary Global Note, the “Global Note”) 
against 
certification 
of 
non-U.S. 
beneficial 
ownership in accordance with U.S. tax regulations 
no earlier than 40 days after the issue of the 
Temporary Global Note. The rights to demand 
payment of interest (if any) are not evidenced by a 
separate document. The Temporary Global Note and 
the Permanent Global Note bear the manual 
signatures of two duly authorised officers of the 
Issuer as well as the manual signature of an 
authentication officer of the Fiscal Agent (as defined 
in § 9). No definitive Notes will be issued. The right

--- Page 72 ---
70 
 
 
frühestens 
jedoch 
40 
Tage 
nach 
Ausstellung 
der 
Vorläufigen 
Globalurkunde, gegen eine dauerhafte 
Globalurkunde 
(die 
„Dauerhafte 
Globalurkunde” und, zusammen mit 
der Vorläufigen Globalurkunde, die 
„Globalurkunde”) 
ausgetauscht. 
Etwaige 
Zinsansprüche 
sind 
nicht 
gesondert verbrieft. Die Vorläufige und 
die Dauerhafte Globalurkunde tragen die 
eigenhändigen Unterschriften von zwei 
Vertretungsberechtigten der Emittentin 
sowie die eigenhändige Unterschrift 
eines 
Kontrollbeauftragten 
der 
Emissionsstelle (wie in § 9 definiert). 
Schuldverschreibungen in effektiven 
Urkunden werden nicht ausgegeben. Ein 
Anspruch 
auf 
Ausdruck 
und 
Auslieferung 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen in effektiven 
Urkunden ist ausgeschlossen.] 
to demand the printing and delivery of definitive 
Notes is excluded.] 
[Text für Schuldverschreibungen, die in Form 
einer NGN begeben werden: 
[Text applicable to Notes issued as NGN: 
 
Register der ICSDs: Der Nennbetrag der 
durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen entspricht dem 
jeweils in den Registern beider ICSDs 
eingetragenen 
Gesamtbetrag. 
Die 
Register der ICSDs (unter denen man die 
Register versteht, die jeder ICSD für 
seine Kunden über den Betrag ihres 
Anteils an den Schuldverschreibungen 
führt) sind schlüssiger Nachweis über 
den 
Nennbetrag 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen, und eine zu 
diesem Zweck von einem ICSD jeweils 
ausgestellte Bescheinigung mit dem 
Nennbetrag 
der 
so 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ist 
ein 
schlüssiger Nachweis über den Inhalt 
des Registers des jeweiligen ICSD zu 
diesem Zeitpunkt. 
(c) 
Records of the ICSDs: The principal amount of 
Notes represented by the Global Note shall be the 
aggregate amount from time to time entered in the 
records of both ICSDs. The records of the ICSDs 
(which expression means the records that each ICSD 
holds for its customers which reflect the amount of 
such customer’s interest in the Notes) shall be 
conclusive evidence of the principal amount of 
Notes represented by the Global Note and, for these 
purposes, a statement issued by a ICSD stating the 
principal amount of Notes so represented at any time 
shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the 
relevant ICSD at that time. 
Bei Rückzahlung oder Zahlung einer Rate oder 
einer Zinszahlung bezüglich der durch die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen bzw. bei Kauf und 
Entwertung der durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen stellt die 
Emittentin sicher, dass die Einzelheiten über 
Rückzahlung und Zahlung bzw. Kauf und 
Löschung 
bezüglich 
der 
Globalurkunde 
entsprechend in die Unterlagen der ICSDs 
eingetragen werden und dass nach dieser 
Eintragung vom Nennbetrag der in die Register 
On any redemption or payment of an instalment or interest 
being made in respect of, or purchase and cancellation of, 
any of the Notes represented by the Global Note the Issuer 
shall procure that details of any redemption, payment or 
purchase and cancellation (as the case may be) in respect of 
the Global Note shall be entered pro rata in the records of 
the ICSDs and, upon any such entry being made, the 
principal amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the 
ICSDs and represented by the Global Note shall be reduced 
by the aggregate principal amount of the Notes so redeemed

--- Page 73 ---
71 
 
 
der ICSDs aufgenommenen und durch die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen der Gesamtnennbetrag 
der zurückgekauften bzw. gekauften und 
entwerteten Schuldverschreibungen bzw. der 
Gesamtbetrag der so gezahlten Raten abgezogen 
wird.] 
or purchased and cancelled or by the aggregate amount of 
such instalment so paid.] 
[Text für Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer 
vorläufigen Globalurkunde, die als NGN 
begeben wird: 
[Text applicable to Notes represented by temporary global 
note issued as NGN: 
 
Austausch von Schuldverschreibungen: 
Bei Austausch eines Anteils von 
ausschließlich durch eine vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
wird 
die 
Emittentin 
sicherstellen, 
dass 
die 
Einzelheiten 
dieses 
Austauschs 
entsprechend in die Aufzeichnungen der 
ICSDs aufgenommen werden.] 
(d) 
Exchange of the Notes: On an exchange of a portion 
only of the Notes represented by a Temporary 
Global Note, the Issuer shall procure that details of 
such exchange shall be entered pro rata in the 
records of the ICSDs.] 
[Text für Schuldverschreibungen, die von 
Clearstream, Frankfurt verwahrt werden: 
[Text applicable to Notes in Clearstream, Frankfurt: 
 
Übertragung: Den Anleihegläubigern 
(wie 
in 
§ 1[(e)] 
definiert) 
stehen 
Miteigentumsanteile 
an 
der 
Globalurkunde zu, die gemäß den 
Bestimmungen 
und 
Regeln 
der 
Clearstream, Frankfurt, und nach dem 
jeweils anwendbaren Recht übertragen 
werden können.] 
(c) 
Transfer: The Noteholders (as defined in § 1[(e)]) 
are entitled to co-ownership participations in the 
Global Note which are transferable in accordance 
with the rules and regulations of Clearstream, 
Frankfurt and with applicable law.] 
[Text für Schuldverschreibungen, die von 
Euroclear und Clearstream, Luxemburg, bzw. 
einem 
oder 
mehreren 
anderen 
Clearing-
System(en) verwahrt werden: 
[Text applicable to Notes in Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, or in one or more other clearing systems: 
[(d)] 
Übertragung: 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen sind gemäß den 
Bestimmungen 
und 
Regeln 
von 
[Euroclear 
und 
Clearstream, 
Luxemburg,] 
[sonstige(s) 
Clearing 
System(e) einsetzen] und nach dem 
jeweils 
anwendbaren 
Recht 
zu 
übertragen.] 
[(d)] 
Transfer: The Notes are transferable in accordance 
with the rules and regulations of [Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg,] [insert other clearing 
system(s)] and with applicable law.] 
[(e)] 
Anleihegläubiger: Den Inhabern von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(die 
„Anleihegläubiger”) 
stehen 
Miteigentumsanteile oder vergleichbare 
andere Rechte an der Globalurkunde zu, 
die gemäß anwendbarem Recht und den 
Bestimmungen 
und 
Regeln 
des 
Clearingsystems 
übertragen 
werden 
können. 
[(e)] 
Noteholders: 
The 
holders 
of 
Notes 
(the 
“Noteholders”) are entitled to co-ownership 
participations or other comparable rights in the 
Global Note, which are transferable in accordance 
with applicable laws and the rules and regulations of 
the Clearing System.

--- Page 74 ---
72 
 
 
§ 2 
Status und Negativverpflichtung 
§ 2 
Status and Negative Pledge 
 
Status: 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
begründen direkte, unbedingte und 
unbesicherte 
Verpflichtungen 
der 
Emittentin, die jederzeit gleichrangig 
untereinander 
und 
mindestens 
gleichrangig 
mit 
allen 
anderen 
gegenwärtigen 
und 
zukünftigen 
unbesicherten 
Verpflichtungen 
der 
Emittentin 
bestehen. 
Hiervon 
sind 
solche Verpflichtungen ausgenommen, 
die aufgrund zwingender und allgemein 
anwendbarer 
gesetzlicher 
Bestimmungen vorrangig sind. 
(a) 
Status: The Notes constitute direct, unconditional 
and unsecured obligations of the Issuer which will at 
all times rank pari passu among themselves and at 
least pari passu with all other present and future 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer, save for such 
obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law 
that are both mandatory and of general application. 
 
Negativverpflichtung: 
Solange 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung aussteht, wird die 
Emittentin weder in Bezug auf die 
Gesamtheit noch auf einen Teil ihrer 
gegenwärtigen 
und 
zukünftigen 
Vermögensgegenstände, -werte oder 
Einnahmen (einschließlich des nicht 
eingeforderten Kapitals), mit Ausnahme 
der 
Zulässigen 
Sicherungsrechte, 
Sicherungsrechte 
begründen 
oder 
zulassen, 
dass 
Sicherungsrechte 
weiterbestehen, und die Emittentin wird 
dafür 
Sorge 
tragen, 
dass 
ihre 
Tochtergesellschaften 
gleichermaßen 
keine Sicherungsrechte begründen oder 
zulassen, 
dass 
Sicherungsrechte 
weiterbestehen, um Verbindlichkeiten 
oder 
Garantieverpflichtungen 
zu 
sichern, ohne dass die Emittentin oder 
ihre Tochtergesellschaften zur gleichen 
Zeit 
oder 
vorher 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gleichwertig 
und anteilsmäßig besichert haben. 
(b) 
Negative Pledge: So long as any Note remains 
outstanding, the Issuer shall not, and the Issuer shall 
procure that its Subsidiaries shall not, create or 
permit to subsist any Security Interest other than a 
Permitted Security Interest upon the whole or any 
part of its present or future assets or revenues 
(including 
uncalled 
capital) 
to 
secure 
any 
Indebtedness or Guarantee of Indebtedness without 
at the same time or prior thereto securing the Notes 
equally and rateably therewith. 
„Garantieverpflichtung” ist in Bezug auf 
jedwede Verbindlichkeit einer Person die 
Verpflichtung (einschließlich in Form einer 
Bürgschaft) 
einer 
anderen 
Person, 
diese 
Verbindlichkeit zu begleichen, einschließlich 
(ohne Einschränkung) 
“Guarantee of Indebtedness” means, in relation to any 
Indebtedness of any person, any obligation (including in the 
form of a suretyship) of another person to pay such 
Indebtedness including (without limitation): 
(i) 
der 
Verpflichtung, 
eine 
derartige 
Verbindlichkeit zu erwerben; 
(i) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness; 
(ii) 
der Verpflichtung, Geld zu leihen, 
Aktien oder andere Wertpapiere zu 
erwerben 
oder 
zu 
zeichnen 
oder 
Vermögenswerte oder Dienstleistungen 
zu erwerben, um die Mittel für die 
(ii) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or 
subscribe shares or other securities or to purchase 
assets or services in order to provide funds for the 
payment of such Indebtedness;

--- Page 75 ---
73 
 
 
Zahlung derartiger Verbindlichkeiten 
bereitzustellen; 
(iii) 
jeder 
Freistellung 
gegen 
die 
Auswirkungen eines Zahlungsverzugs 
einer solchen Verbindlichkeit; und 
(iii) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default 
in the payment of such Indebtedness; and 
(iv) 
jeder anderen Vereinbarung über die 
Haftung 
für 
eine 
derartige 
Verbindlichkeit. 
(iv) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such 
Indebtedness. 
„Sicherungsrecht” 
ist 
jede 
Hypothek, 
Grundschuld, 
jedes 
Pfand- 
oder 
sonstige 
dingliche Sicherungsrecht unter den Gesetzen 
der jeweils maßgeblichen Rechtsordnung. 
“Security Interest” means any mortgage, charge, pledge, 
lien or other security interest under the laws of any applicable 
jurisdiction. 
„Tochtergesellschaft” ist in Bezug auf eine 
Person 
(die 
„erste 
Person”) 
zu 
jedem 
bestimmten Zeitpunkt jede andere Person (die 
„zweite Person”): 
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to any person (the “first 
person”) at any particular time, any other person (the 
“second person”): 
(i) 
deren 
Angelegenheiten 
und 
Geschäftspolitik von der ersten Person 
kontrolliert werden oder kontrolliert 
werden können, entweder durch Halten 
der Mehrheit des Anteilskapitals oder 
der Stimmrechte, durch Vertrag oder die 
Befugnis, Mitglieder des Vorstands der 
zweiten Person zu ernennen oder 
abzuberufen; und 
(i) 
whose affairs and policies the first person controls or 
has the power to control, whether by ownership of 
the majority of share capital or voting rights, 
contract or the power to appoint or remove members 
of the governing body of the second person; and 
(ii) 
(a) 
deren 
gesamte 
Vermögensgegenstände oder (falls die 
zweite 
Person 
selbst 
Tochtergesellschaften 
hat) 
deren 
gesamte 
konsolidierte 
Vermögensgegenstände 3 % des Wertes 
der 
gesamten 
konsolidierten 
Vermögensgegenstände 
der 
ersten 
Person übersteigen, so wie es bei dem 
letzten 
geprüften 
(konsolidierten) 
Jahresabschluss der ersten Person und 
dieser Tochtergesellschaft festgestellt 
wurde; oder (b) deren Einnahmen oder 
(falls 
die 
zweite 
Person 
selbst 
Tochtergesellschaften 
hat) 
deren 
konsolidierte 
Einnahmen 
3 % 
der 
konsolidierten Netto-Einnahmen der 
ersten Person übersteigen, so wie sie bei 
dem letzten geprüften (konsolidierten) 
Jahresabschluss der ersten Person und 
dieser Tochtergesellschaft festgestellt 
wurden. 
(ii) 
(a) the value of whose total assets or (in case the 
second person itself has Subsidiaries) the total 
consolidated assets exceed 3 per cent. of the total 
consolidated assets of the first person, as determined 
from the most recent audited (consolidated) financial 
statements of the first person and such Subsidiary; or 
(b) whose revenues or (in case the second person 
itself has Subsidiaries) consolidated revenues 
exceeds 3 per cent. of the consolidated net revenues 
of the first person, as determined from the most 
recent audited (consolidated) financial statements of 
the first person and such Subsidiary. 
„Verbindlichkeit” ist jede Geldschuld, die in 
Form einer Schuldverschreibung oder eines 
sonstigen Wertpapiers verbrieft ist, und an einer 
Börse oder an einem anderen Wertpapiermarkt 
(einschließlich des außerbörslichen Handels) 
“Indebtedness” means any monetary indebtedness which is 
represented by a bond or other debt security and which is or 
is capable of being admitted to or listed or traded on a stock 
exchange or other securities market (including any over-the-
counter market), any loan advanced by a bank, an insurance

--- Page 76 ---
74 
 
 
eingeführt ist, notiert oder gehandelt wird oder 
werden kann, jedes von einer Bank, einer 
Versicherung oder einem anderen Finanzinstitut 
ausgereichte Darlehen (einschließlich, aber ohne 
darauf 
beschränkt 
zu 
sein, 
Schuldscheindarlehen) sowie jede Garantie-
verpflichtung oder sonstige Gewährleistung in 
Bezug auf eine solche Geldschuld oder ein 
solches Darlehen. 
company or any other financial institution (including, 
without limitation, assignable loans (Schuldscheindarlehen)) 
and any guarantee or suretyship in respect of any such 
monetary indebtedness or such loan. 
„Zulässige Sicherungsrechte” sind: 
“Permitted Security Interest” means: 
(i) 
alle 
Sicherungsrechte, 
die 
am 
Begebungstag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen bestehen, soweit 
sie an diesem Tag ausstehende Ver-
bindlichkeiten absichern; hiervon sind 
Sicherungsrechte ausgenommen, soweit 
solche 
Verbindlichkeiten 
nach 
Bestellung 
der 
Sicherungsrechte 
zurückgezahlt 
oder 
getilgt 
werden 
und/oder die Sicherungsrechte nach 
Bestellung 
erlöschen 
oder 
ersetzt 
werden; 
(i) 
any Security Interest in existence on the date of issue 
of the Notes to the extent that it secures Indebtedness 
outstanding on such date and, for the avoidance of 
doubt, excluding any such Security Interest to the 
extent that any such Indebtedness is subsequently 
repaid or redeemed and/or such Security Interest is 
subsequently discharged or replaced; 
(ii) 
alle Sicherungsrechte, die kraft Gesetzes 
oder im Rahmen der gewöhnlichen 
Geschäftstätigkeit der Emittentin oder 
einer 
ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften 
entstehen 
(einschließlich 
aller 
Sicherungsrechte 
in 
Form 
eines 
Eigentumsvorbehaltes 
oder 
anderer 
Sicherungsrechte, die aufgrund von 
Geschäfts- oder üblichen Bedingungen 
der Gegenpartei, in Übereinstimmung 
mit der üblichen Marktpraxis entstehen); 
(ii) 
any Security Interest arising by operation of law or 
in the ordinary course of business of the Issuer or any 
of its Subsidiaries (including any Security Interest in 
the form of a retention of title arrangement or other 
Security Interest entered into on the counterparty’s 
standard or usual terms in accordance with 
customary market practice); 
(iii) 
alle Sicherungsrechte, die nach dem 
Begebungstag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
an 
neu 
erworbenen 
Vermögensgegenständen 
oder Vermögenswerten bestellt werden, 
einzig zum Zweck der Besicherung der 
übernommenen Verpflichtungen, die 
dem Zweck (a) der Finanzierung des 
Kaufpreises eines solchen erworbenen 
Vermögensgegenstandes 
oder 
Vermögenswertes 
oder 
(b) 
der 
Begründung, 
Entwicklung 
oder 
Verbesserung 
eines 
solchen 
Vermögensgegenstandes 
oder 
Vermögenswertes dienen; 
(iii) 
any Security Interest created over a newly acquired 
asset after the date of the issue of the Notes which is 
solely for the purpose of securing indebtedness 
incurred for the purpose of (a) financing the 
purchase price of the acquisition of such asset or (b) 
constructing, developing or improving such asset; 
(iv) 
alle Sicherungsrechte, die auf den 
Vermögensgegenständen, -werten oder 
Anteilen 
neu 
erworbener 
Tochtergesellschaften der Emittentin 
lasten und die nach dem Begebungstag 
(iv) 
any Security Interest existing over the assets or 
shares of newly acquired Subsidiaries of the Issuer 
acquired after the date of issue of the Notes; and

--- Page 77 ---
75 
 
 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gekauft 
werden; und 
(v) 
alle Sicherungsrechte, die bestehen oder 
begründet 
sind 
zu 
Gunsten 
der 
Emittentin 
oder 
ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften; 
und 
alle 
Sicherungsrechte, die bestehen oder 
begründet werden, um Verpflichtungen 
zu sichern, die in Zusammenhang mit 
dem 
Gesetz 
zur 
Förderung eines 
gleitenden Übergangs in den Ruhestand 
(Altersteilzeitgesetz) 
eingegangen 
werden. 
(v) 
any Security Interest created or existing for the 
benefit of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries; and any 
Security Interest created or existing to secure any 
obligations incurred in order to comply with the 
German Act on Old Age Part-Time (Gesetz zur 
Förderung eines gleitenden Übergangs in den 
Ruhestand). 
Eine Schuldverschreibung gilt als „ausstehend”, 
sofern nicht einer oder mehrere der folgenden 
Fälle eingetreten ist oder sind: 
A Note shall be considered to be “outstanding” unless one or 
more of the following events has occurred: 
(i) 
Rückzahlung oder Kauf: die 
Schuld-verschreibung 
wurde 
vollständig zurückgezahlt oder 
gemäß § 4[(f)] (Rückzahlung, 
vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
und 
Kauf – Kauf) gekauft und 
jeweils entwertet; 
(i) 
Redeemed or purchased: such Note has been 
redeemed in full or purchased under § 4[(f)] 
(Redemption, 
Early 
Redemption 
and 
Purchase – Purchase) and has in either case 
been cancelled; 
(ii) 
Fälligkeitstag: 
der 
Fälligkeitstag 
für 
die 
vollständige Rückzahlung der 
Schuldverschreibung 
ist 
eingetreten, und die Zahlstelle 
hat alle fälligen Beträge auf eine 
solche 
Schuldverschreibung 
(einschließlich 
der 
aufgelaufenen Zinsen) erhalten, 
und diese sind für die Zahlung 
der 
vorgelegten 
Schuldverschreibung verfügbar; 
oder 
(ii) 
Due date: the due date for redemption of 
such Note in full has occurred and all sums 
due in respect of such Note (including all 
accrued interest) have been received by the 
Paying Agent and remain available for 
payment against presentation of such Note; 
or 
(iii) 
Verjährung, 
usw.: 
alle 
Ansprüche 
auf 
den 
Kapitalbetrag und die Zinsen 
aus 
einer 
solchen 
Schuldverschreibung 
sind 
gemäß 
§ 8 
(Vorlegung, 
Verjährung und Hinterlegung) 
erloschen oder verjährt, oder 
können aus anderen Gründen 
nach diesen Bedingungen nicht 
mehr geltend gemacht werden. 
(iii) 
Prescription etc.: all claims for principal 
and interest in respect of such Note are 
extinguished or prescribed under § 8 
(Presentation, Prescription and Deposit), or 
cease to be enforceable for any other reason 
under these Conditions.

--- Page 78 ---
76 
 
 
§ 3 
Zinsen 
§ 3 
Interest 
 
Zinslauf: Die Schuldverschreibungen 
sind vom Verzinsungsbeginn [Datum 
einsetzen] (der „Verzinsungsbeginn”) 
(einschließlich) an nachträglich an 
jedem [Zinszahlungstage einsetzen] die 
gemäß der Business Day Convention 
angepasst 
werden 
(jeweils 
ein 
„Zinszahlungstag”), vorbehaltlich von 
§ 5 (Zahlungen), bezogen auf ihren 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
bis 
zum 
Fälligkeitstag (wie in § 4 (a) definiert)) 
(ausschließlich) zu verzinsen. 
(a) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest on their 
aggregate principal amount from (and including) the 
interest commencement date, [insert date], (the 
“Interest Commencement Date”) payable in arrear 
on each [insert interest payment dates] as the same 
may be adjusted in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention (each an “Interest Payment 
Date”), subject to § 5 (Payments), to (but excluding) 
the Maturity Date (as defined in § 4 (a)). 
 
Verzugszinsen: Wenn die Emittentin 
eine 
fällige 
Zahlung 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen aus irgendeinem 
Grund nicht leistet, wird der ausstehende 
Betrag 
von 
dem 
Fälligkeitstag 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
Tag 
der 
vollständigen 
Zahlung 
an 
die 
Anleihegläubiger (ausschließlich) mit 
dem gesetzlich bestimmten Verzugszins 
verzinst.1) 
(b) 
Default Interest: If the Issuer for any reason fails to 
effect any due payment on the Notes, interest shall 
accrue on the outstanding amount as from 
(including) the due date of such payment to 
(excluding) the date of actual payment at the default 
rate of interest established by law.1) 
„Business Day Convention” bedeutet, dass: 
“Business Day Convention” means that 
[Text 
für 
die 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Text for Following Business Day Convention: 
der maßgebliche Tag auf den nächstfolgenden 
Geschäftstag verschoben wird.] 
the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following 
Business Day. 
[Text für die Modified Following Business Day 
Convention: 
[Text for Modified Following Business Day Convention: 
der maßgebliche Tag auf den nächstfolgenden 
Geschäftstag verschoben wird, es sei denn, 
dieser Tag würde dadurch in den nächsten 
Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall ist der 
maßgebliche Tag der unmittelbar vorausgehende 
Geschäftstag.] 
the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day 
that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next 
calendar month in which case the relevant date will be the 
first preceding day that is a Business Day.] 
[Text 
für 
die 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Text for Preceding Business Day Convention: 
der maßgebliche Tag auf den unmittelbar 
vorausgehenden Geschäftstag vorgezogen wird.] 
the relevant date shall be brought forward to the first 
preceding day that is a Business Day.] 
„Geschäftstag” ist 
“Business Day” means: 
 
1) 
Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt zum Datum dieses Basisprospekts fünf Prozentpunkte über dem von der 
Deutschen Bundesbank von Zeit zu Zeit festgelegten Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 Absatz 1 BGB. 
1 ) 
The default rate of interest established by law is, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, five percentage points 
above the basic rate of interest published by the Deutsche Bundesbank from time to time, Sec. 288 (1), 247 (1) 
German Civil Code.

--- Page 79 ---
77 
 
 
[Text für Schuldverschreibungen, die in Euro 
denominiert sind: 
[Text applicable to Notes denominated in Euro: 
jeder Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag) 
der ein T2-Abrechnungstag ist.] 
any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) which is a T2 
Settlement Day.] 
[Text für Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht in 
Euro denominiert sind: 
[Text applicable to Notes not denominated in Euro: 
jeder Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag) 
an dem Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte 
Zahlungen grundsätzlich in [●][, / und] in dem 
Finanzzentrum 
der 
Währung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
[und 
in 
jedem 
Zusätzlichen Geschäftszentrum] vornehmen.] 
any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) which is a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments generally in [●][, / and] in the Financial 
Centre of the relevant currency [and in each Additional 
Business Centre].] 
„Finanzzentrum” ist 
“Financial Centre” means 
in Bezug auf [die Währung ist zu benennen] das 
Finanzzentrum dieser Währung. 
in relation to [specify currency], the financial centre for that 
currency. 
[„T2-Abrechnungstag” ist jeder Tag, an dem T2 
(das vom Eurosystem betriebene Echtzeit-
Bruttoabwicklungssystem) 
oder 
jedes 
Nachfolge-system („T2”) in Betrieb ist.] 
[“T2” means any day on which T2 (the real time gross 
settlement system operated by the Eurosystem) or any 
successor system thereto (“T2”) is operating.] 
„Zinsperiode” ist jeder Zeitraum, ab dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn (diesen eingeschlossen) bzw. 
eines Zinszahlungstags bis zum nächsten 
Zinszahlungstag (diesen ausgeschlossen). 
“Interest Period” means each period beginning on (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date or any Interest 
Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest 
Payment Date. 
[„Zusätzliche(s) Geschäftszentrum(en)” ist 
[Stadt oder Städte angeben].] 
[“Additional Business Centre(s)” means [insert city or 
cities].] 
 
Bildschirmfeststellung des Zinssatzes: 
Der auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbare 
Zinssatz 
für 
jede 
Zinsperiode 
wird 
durch 
die 
[Zahlstelle/andere 
Person] 
(die 
„Berechnungsstelle”, dieser Begriff 
schließt 
jede 
nachfolgende 
Berechnungsstelle ein, die von Zeit zu 
Zeit 
in 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bestimmt 
worden 
ist) 
auf 
folgender 
Basis 
festgestellt: 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: The Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will 
be determined by [the Paying Agent/other person] 
(the “Calculation Agent”, which expression 
includes any successor calculation agent appointed 
from time to time in connection with the Notes) on 
the following basis: 
(i) 
wenn der Referenzsatz ein 
zusammengesetzter 
Preis 
ist 
oder üblicherweise durch eine 
Stelle zur Verfügung gestellt 
wird, 
setzt 
die 
Berechnungsstelle 
den 
Referenzsatz fest, der in der 
Maßgeblichen 
Zeit 
am 
betreffenden Zinsfeststellungs-
tag 
auf 
der 
Maßgeblichen 
Bildschirmseite erscheint; 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite 
quotation or customarily supplied by one 
entity, the Calculation Agent will determine 
the Reference Rate which appears on the 
Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date;

--- Page 80 ---
78 
 
 
(ii) 
in jedem anderen Fall wird die 
Berechnungsstelle das arithme-
tische 
Mittel 
aus 
den 
Referenzsätzen festsetzen, die in 
der Maßgeblichen Zeit am 
betreffenden 
Zinsfeststellungstag 
auf 
der 
Maßgeblichen Bildschirmseite 
erscheinen; 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the 
Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date; 
(iii) 
wenn im Fall von (i) ein solcher 
Referenzsatz 
nicht 
auf 
der 
Maßgeblichen Bildschirmseite 
erscheint oder im Fall von (ii) 
kein solcher Referenzsatz auf 
der 
Maßgeblichen 
Bildschirmseite 
erscheint 
jedoch kein Einstellungsereignis 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
vorliegt, oder wenn in jedem 
Fall 
die 
Maßgebliche 
Bildschirmseite nicht verfügbar 
ist und keine Ersetzung des 
Referenz-satzes im Falle eines 
Einstellungsereignisses 
(wie 
nachstehend definiert) vorliegt, 
ist der Referenzsatz der auf der 
Bildschirmseite 
angezeigte 
Referenzsatz, 
wie 
oben 
beschrieben, am letzten Tag vor 
dem Zinsfestlegungstag, an dem 
dieser Referenzsatz angezeigt 
wurde; 
(iii) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not 
appear on that page or, in the case of (ii) 
above, no such rates appear on that page and 
there is no Discontinuation Event (as 
defined below) or if, in either case, the 
Relevant Screen Page is unavailable and 
there is no replacement of the Reference 
Rate in case of a Discontinuation Event (as 
defined below), the Rate of Interest shall be 
the Reference Rate on the Screen Page, as 
described above, on the last day preceding 
the Interest Determination Date on which 
such Reference Rate was displayed; 
(iv) 
zuzüglich der Marge 
[Falls 
Rating 
Herabstufungs-Step-up 
anwendbar 
ist, 
Folgendes 
einfügen: 
und, nach dem Eintritt 
eines 
Rating 
Herabstufungs-Step-up-
Ereignis ab dem Rating 
Herabstufungs-Step-up-
Tag, 
zuzüglich 
der 
Erhöhten Marge (alle 
wie unten definiert).] 
(iv) 
plus the Margin [in case Rating Downgrade 
Step-up is applicable, insert the following: and, 
in case a Rating Downgrade Step-up Event 
occurred, following the Rating Downgrade 
Step-up Date plus the increased Margin (all as 
defined below)]. 
[Falls 
Rating 
Herabstufungs-Step-up 
anwendbar ist, Folgendes einsetzen: 
[If Rating Downgrade Step-up is applicable, insert the 
following: 
Die 
Marge 
beträgt 
für 
die 
Zinsperiode[n] 
Margin means in respect of the Interest Period[s] 
vom (einschließlich) 
bis zum 
(ausschließlich) 
 
from, and 
including, 
to, but 
excluding,

--- Page 81 ---
79 
 
 
[Verzinsungsbeginn
] 
[Rating 
Herabstufungs-
Step-up-Tag] 
[Marge 
einfügen] % per 
annum] 
[Interest 
Commencement 
Date] 
[Rating 
Downgrade 
Step-up Date] 
[insert Margin] per cent. per 
annum] 
[Rating 
Herabstufungs-
Step-up-Tag 
einfügen] 
[Endfälligkeitstag] 
[Marge 
einfügen] % per 
annum] 
[Rating 
Downgrade Step-
up Date] 
[Maturity 
Date] 
[insert Margin] per cent. per 
annum] 
 
 
Wenn ein Rating Herabstufungs-Step-
up-Ereignis eingetreten ist, wird der auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlende 
Zinssatz 
für 
die 
am 
Rating 
Herabstufungs-Step-up-Tag beginnende 
Zinsperiode 
und 
jede 
folgende 
Zinsperiode unter Anwendung der 
erhöhten Marge, wie in der Tabelle oben 
festgelegt, berechnet (die „Erhöhte 
Marge”). 
If a Rating Downgrade Step-up Event has 
occured, the rate of interest payable on the Notes 
for the Interest Period commencing on the Rating 
Downgrade Step-up Date and each subsequent 
Interest Period shall be calculated by applying the 
increased Margin as set forth above (the 
“Increased Margin”). 
„Rating Herabstufungs-Step-up-Tag” 
bezeichnet den Zinszahlungstag, der 
unmittelbar 
auf 
den 
Rating 
Herabstufungs-Mitteilungstag folgt es 
sei denn, dieser Zinszahlungstag würde 
auf den Fälligkeitstag fallen. In diesem 
Fall 
bezeichnet 
der 
Rating 
Herabstufungs-Step-up-Tag 
den 
Zinszahlungstag, 
der 
dem 
Rating 
Herabstufungs-Mitteilungstag 
unmittelbar vorangeht. 
“Rating Downgrade Step-up Date” means the 
Interest Payment Date immediately following the 
Rating Downgrade Notice Date unless such 
Interest Payment Date would fall on the Maturity 
Date. In that case, Rating Downgrade Step-up 
Date 
means 
the 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
immediately preceding the Rating Downgrade 
Notice Date. 
Wenn ein Rating Herabstufungs-Step-
up-Ereignis eingetreten ist, hat die 
Emittentin: 
If a Rating Downgrade Step-up Event has 
occurred, the Issuer must give notice of: 
(i) das 
Eintreten 
des 
Rating 
Herabstufungs-Step-up-
Ereignisses; und 
(i) the occurrence of the Rating Downgrade 
Step-up Event; and 
(ii) die Erhöhte Marge 
(ii) the Increased Margin 
der Zahlstelle und, gemäß § 12, den 
Gläubigern 
unverzüglich, 
spätestens 
jedoch am [fünften] [●]3 Geschäftstag 
nach 
Eintritt 
eines 
Rating 
Herabstufungs-Step-up-Ereignisses 
mitzuteilen 
(der 
„Rating 
Herabstufungs-Mitteilungstag”). 
to the Paying Agent and, in accordance with § 12 
to 
the 
Noteholders 
without 
undue 
delay 
(unverzüglich), but in any event not later than on 
the [fifth] [●]4 Business Day after the occurrence 
of the Rating Downgrade Step-up Event (the 
“Rating Downgrade Notice Date”). 
Ein „Rating Herabstufungs-Step-up-
Ereignis” 
ist 
eingetreten, 
wenn 
mindestens ein von einer Ratingagentur 
im Auftrag der Emittentin erteiltes 
Rating für die Schuldverschreibungen 
oder die Emittentin unter [[●] (im Fall 
von Standard & Poor's (wie nachfolgend 
A “Rating Downgrade Step-up Event” has 
occurred if one or more solicited ratings assigned 
to the Notes or the Issuer by a Rating Agency falls 
below [[●] (in the case of Standard & Poor's (as 
defined in the definition of “Rating Agenciesc 
below))][,] [or] [[●] (in the case of Moody's (as 
defined in the definition of “Rating Agencies”
 
3 Maximal fünf Geschäftstage  
4 Maximum of five Business Days.

--- Page 82 ---
80 
 
 
unter „Ratingagenturen” definiert))][,] 
[oder] [[●] (im Fall von Moody's (wie 
nachfolgend unter „Ratingagenturen” 
definiert))] [oder] [[●] (im Fall von Fitch 
(wie 
nachfolgend 
unter 
„Ratingagenturen” definiert))] fällt oder 
die Emittentin ein solches Rating, gleich 
aus welchem Grund, verliert. 
below))] [or] [[●] (in the case of Fitch (as defined 
in the definition of “Rating Agencies” below))] or 
the Issuer loses such solicited rating, for any 
reason. 
[„Ratingagenturen” sind S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited („Standard & 
Poor's”), Moody’s Deutschland GmbH 
(„Moody’s”) und Fitch Ratings Ireland 
Limited 
(„Fitch”) 
oder 
jede 
Gesellschaft, die als Rechtsnachfolgerin 
einer solchen Ratingagentur auftritt oder 
eine 
solche 
Ratingagentur 
ersetzt, 
solange sie als Ratingagentur in dem von 
der 
Europäischen 
Wertpapier- 
und 
Marktaufsichtsbehörde 
geführten 
Register oder einem Nachfolgeregister 
eingetragen ist.] 
[“Rating Agencies” means each of S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited (“Standard & Poor's”), 
Moody’s Deutschland GmbH (“Moody’s”) and 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch”) or any 
entity acting as successor to such Rating Agency 
or replacing such Rating Agency as long as it is 
listed as credit rating agency in the register 
maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authorities or any successor thereto.] 
„Marge” ist [Prozentsatz einsetzen] p.a. 
“Margin” means [insert percentage] p.a. 
„Maßgebliche 
Bildschirmseite” 
ist 
[einzusetzen ist die Seite, der Abschnitt 
oder eine sonstige Bezugnahme auf 
einen bestimmten Informationsdienst], 
oder eine andere Seite, ein Abschnitt 
oder eine sonstige Bezugnahme, die 
diese Seite bei diesem oder einem 
anderen 
Informationsdienst 
ersetzen 
kann, in jedem Fall, wie es die Person 
bestimmt, die die dort erscheinende 
Information zu dem Zwecke bereitstellt 
oder finanziert, um Zinssätze oder Kurse 
anzuzeigen, die mit dem Referenzsatz 
vergleichbar sind. 
“Relevant Screen Page” means [specify page, 
section or other part of a particular information 
service], or such other page, section or other part 
as may replace it on that information service or 
such other information service, in each case, as 
may be nominated by the person providing or 
sponsoring the information appearing there for the 
purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to 
the Reference Rate. 
„Referenzsatz” ist [Referenzzinssatz 
einsetzen]. 
“Reference Rate” means [insert reference rate]. 
„Zinsfestlegungstag” ist der zweite 
Geschäftstag vor dem Zinszahlungstag 
der 
jeweils 
vorangegangenen 
Zinsperiode 
bzw. 
vor 
dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn. 
“Interest Determination Date” means the second 
Business Day prior to the Interest Payment Date of 
the respective preceding Interest Period or prior to 
the Interest Commencement Date, as the case may 
be. 
[Falls der Angebotssatz für Einlagen in der 
festgelegten 
Währung 
EURIBOR 
ist, 
ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: 
[In the case the Reference Rate for deposits in the Specified 
Currency is EURIBOR, the following applies: 
Ersetzung des Referenzsatzes im Fall 
eines Einstellungsereignisses. Wenn (i) 
eine 
öffentliche 
Erklärung 
oder 
Information der zuständigen Behörde 
des Administrators des Referenzsatzes 
veröffentlicht 
wurde, 
wonach 
der 
Replacement of the Reference Rate in the case of a 
Discontinuation Event. If (i) a public statement or 
information has been published by the competent 
authority of the Administrator of the Reference Rate 
to the effect that the Reference Rate has ceased to be 
representative or is no longer an industry accepted

--- Page 83 ---
81 
 
 
Referenzsatz nicht mehr repräsentativ 
oder kein branchenüblicher Satz für 
Schuldtitel 
wie 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
oder 
vergleichbare Instrumente mehr ist, (ii) 
eine 
öffentliche 
Erklärung 
oder 
Information 
veröffentlicht 
wurde, 
wonach 
der 
Administrator 
des 
Referenzsatzes mit der geordneten 
Abwicklung des Referenzsatzes beginnt 
oder 
die 
Berechnung 
und 
Veröffentlichung des Referenzsatzes 
endgültig oder auf unbestimmte Zeit 
einstellt, sofern es zum Zeitpunkt der 
Veröffentlichung der Erklärung oder 
Information 
keinen 
Nachfolgeadministrator gibt, der den 
Referenzsatz weiter bereitstellen wird, 
(iii) 
der 
Administrator 
des 
Referenzsatzes zahlungsunfähig wird 
oder 
ein 
Insolvenz-, 
Konkurs-, 
Restrukturierungs- 
oder 
ähnliches 
Verfahren 
(den 
Administrator 
betreffend) durch den Administrator 
oder 
durch 
die 
Aufsichts- 
oder 
Kontrollbehörden eingeleitet wurde, (iv) 
die 
für 
den 
Administrator 
des 
Referenzsatzes zuständige Behörde die 
Zulassung 
gemäß 
Artikel 
35 
der 
Verordnung 
(EU) 
2016/1011 
(die 
„Benchmarks-Verordnung”) oder die 
Anerkennung gemäß Artikel 32 Abs. 8 
der Benchmarks-Verordnung entzieht 
oder aussetzt oder die Einstellung der 
Übernahme gemäß Artikel 33 Abs. 6 der 
Benchmarks-Verordnung 
verlangt, 
sofern zum Zeitpunkt des Entzugs oder 
der Aussetzung oder der Einstellung der 
Übernahme, 
es 
keinen 
Nachfolgeadministrator gibt, der den 
Referenzsatz weiterhin bereitstellt, und 
dessen Administrator mit der geordneten 
Abwicklung des Referenzsatzes beginnt 
oder 
die 
Bereitstellung 
des 
Referenzsatzes 
oder 
bestimmter 
Laufzeiten oder bestimmter Währungen, 
für die der Referenzsatz berechnet wird, 
dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit 
einstellt, oder (v) der Referenzsatz 
anderweitig eingestellt ist oder es für die 
Emittentin oder die Berechnungsstelle 
aus einem anderen Grund rechtswidrig 
wird, den Referenzsatz zu verwenden 
((i) 
bis 
(v) 
jeweils 
ein 
„Einstellungsereignis”), 
soll 
der 
Referenzsatz 
durch 
einen 
Zinssatz 
ersetzt 
werden 
(der 
„Nachfolge-
rate for debt instruments such as the Notes, or 
comparable instruments, (ii) a public statement or 
information has been published to the effect that the 
Administrator of the Reference Rate commences the 
orderly wind-down of the Reference Rate or ceases 
the calculation and publication of the Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of the publication of such statement or 
information, there is no successor Administrator that 
will continue to provide the Reference Rate, (iii) the 
Administrator of the Reference Rate becomes 
insolvent or any insolvency, a bankruptcy, 
restructuring or similar proceeding (affecting the 
Administrator) is have been commenced by the 
Administrator or its supervisory or regulatory 
authorities, or (iv) the competent authority for the 
Administrator of the Reference Rate withdraws or 
suspends the authorisation pursuant to Article 35 of 
the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “Benchmarks 
Regulation”) or the recognition pursuant to Article 
32(8) of the Benchmarks Regulation or requires the 
cessation of the endorsement pursuant to Article 
33(6) of the Benchmarks Regulation, provided that, 
at the time of the withdrawal or suspension or the 
cessation of endorsement, there is no successor 
Administrator that continues to provide the 
Reference Rate and its Administrator commences 
the orderly wind-down of the Reference Rate or 
ceases to provide the Reference Rate or certain 
maturities or certain currencies for which the 
Reference Rate is calculated permanently or 
indefinitely; or (v) the Reference Rate is otherwise 
discontinued or it becomes unlawful for the Issuer or 
the Calculation Agent to use the Reference Rate for 
any 
other 
reason 
(each 
of 
(i) 
to 
(v) 
a “Discontinuation Event”), the Reference Rate 
shall be replaced by an interest rate (the “Successor 
Reference Rate”), which is determined in 
accordance with the sequence I to III below on the 
respective Interest Determination Date as follows 
(and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent 
as such):

--- Page 84 ---
82 
 
 
Referenzsatz”), 
der 
sich 
gemäß 
untenstehender Reihenfolge I bis III am 
jeweiligen Zinsfestlegungstag bestimmt 
(und als solche von der Emittentin der 
Berechnungsstelle mitgeteilt wird): 
I) 
Der Referenzsatz wird durch den 
Nachfolge-Referenzsatz 
ersetzt, 
der 
durch 
den 
Administrator 
des 
Referenzsatzes, 
die 
zuständige 
Zentralbank oder eine Regulierungs- 
oder Aufsichtsbehörde als Nachfolger 
des Referenzsatzes für die Laufzeit des 
Referenzsatzes bekannt gegeben wird 
und in Übereinstimmung mit geltendem 
Recht genutzt werden darf. 
I) 
The Reference Rate is replaced with the Successor 
Reference Rate which is announced by the 
Administrator of Reference Rate, the competent 
central bank or the regulatory or supervisory 
authority as successor of the Reference Rate for the 
term of the Reference Rate and which may be used 
in accordance with applicable law. 
II) 
Soweit eine Bekanntgabe nach I) nicht 
erfolgt, 
wird 
der 
Unabhängige 
Sachverständige 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) nach billigem Ermessen (§ 317 
BGB) 
den 
Nachfolge-Referenzsatz 
bestimmen, der am ehesten mit dem 
Referenzsatz vergleichbar ist, wobei der 
Unabhängige 
Sachverständige 
einen 
branchenweit als am ehesten mit dem 
Referenzsatz vergleichbar akzeptierten 
Referenzsatz 
als 
Nachfolge-
Referenzsatz bestimmen muss, und eine 
Bildschirmseite 
bestimmen, 
die 
in 
Verbindung 
mit 
dem 
Nachfolge-
Referenz-satz verwendet werden soll 
und 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle 
akzeptiert 
wird 
(die 
„Nachfolge-
Bildschirmseite”). 
II) 
If there is no announcement pursuant to I), the 
Independent Expert (as defined below) will in its 
reasonable discretion (§ 317 German Civil Code 
(BGB)) determine the Reference Rate that is most 
comparable to the Reference Rate, whereby the 
Independent Expert must determine such reference 
rate as Successor Reference Rate that is an industry 
accepted reference rate which is most comparable to 
the Reference Rate, and determine a screen page 
which shall be used in connection with the Successor 
Reference Rate which is also acceptable for the 
Calculation Agent (the “Successor Screen Page”). 
Ferner wird der Unabhängige Sachver-
ständige bei Bedarf und nach billigem 
Ermessen (gemäß § 317 BGB) eine 
Anpassungsspanne (wie nachstehend 
definiert) bestimmen und verwenden, 
welche wirtschaftliche Nachteile oder 
Vorteile der Anleihegläubiger reduziert 
oder ausschließt, welche durch die 
Ersetzung des Referenzsatzes durch den 
Nachfolge-Referenzsatz 
entstehen 
könnten. 
Dabei 
bezeichnet 
die 
„Anpassungsspanne” 
eine 
Spanne, 
welche: 
In addition, the Independent Expert will determine 
and apply, if required and at its discretion (pursuant 
to § 317 German Civil Code (BGB)), an Adjustment 
Spread (as defined below), which reduces or 
eliminates any economic prejudice or benefit to 
Noteholders that may arise a result of the 
replacement for the Reference Rate with the 
Successor 
Reference 
Rate. 
In 
this 
context, 
“Adjustment Spread” means a spread which: 
(a) 
im 
Fall 
eines 
Nachfolge-
Referenzsatzes 
formell 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
der 
Ersetzung des Referenzsatzes 
durch 
den 
Nachfolge-
Referenzsatz 
vom 
Unabhängigen 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate is 
formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Reference Rate with the 
Successor 
Reference 
Rate 
by 
the 
Independent Expert; or

--- Page 85 ---
83 
 
 
Sachverständigen 
empfohlen 
wird; oder 
(b) 
durch den Unabhängigen Sach-
verständigen 
(sofern 
keine 
Empfehlung abgegeben wurde) 
als 
anerkannter 
und 
berücksichtigter 
Industriestandard für “over-the-
counter”-Derivative-Trans-
aktionen mit Bezug auf den 
Referenzsatz, bei denen dieser 
durch 
den 
Nachfolge-
Referenzsatz 
ersetzt 
wurde, 
bestimmt wird; oder 
(b) 
(if no such recommendation has been made) 
is determined by the Independent Expert as 
recognised and acknowledged industry 
standard for over-the-counter derivative 
transactions which reference the Reference 
Rate where such rate has been replace by the 
Successor Reference Rate; or 
(c) 
vom 
Unabhängigen 
Sachverständigen 
als 
angemessen 
erachtet 
wird 
(sofern dieser bestimmt, dass es 
keinen 
anerkannten 
und 
berücksichtigten 
Industriestandard gibt). 
(c) 
the Independent Expert considers to be 
appropriate (if the Independent Expert 
determines that no such industry standard is 
recognised or acknowledged). 
Jegliche Bezugnahme auf die Bild-
schirmseite in diesem Dokument gilt ab 
dem Datum der Festlegung eines 
Nachfolge-Referenzsatzes 
als 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
die 
Nachfolge-
Bildschirmseite und die Regelungen 
dieses Absatzes gelten entsprechend. 
Der Unabhängige Sachverständige wird 
die 
Emittentin 
und 
die 
Berechnungsstelle 
über 
solche 
Festlegungen am 10. Tag vor einem 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
informieren. 
Anschließend wird die Emittentin die 
Anleihegläubiger 
gemäß 
§ 12 
informieren. 
Any reference to the Screen Page herein shall, from 
the date of the determination of a Successor 
Reference Rate, be read as a reference to the 
Successor Screen Page and the provisions of this 
paragraph shall apply mutatis mutandis. The 
Independent Expert will notify the Issuer and the 
Calculation Agent at least 10 days prior to the 
Determination Date about such determinations. The 
Issuer shall thereafter inform the Noteholders in 
accordance with § 12. 
„Administrator“ des Referenzsatzes 
bezeichnet 
[das 
European 
Money 
Markets Institute (EMMI)] [●] sowie 
jeden Nachfolgeadministrator. 
“Administrator” of the Reference Rate means [the 
European Money Markets Institute (EMMI)] [●] and 
any successor administrator. 
III) 
Sollte der Unabhängige Sachverständige 
innerhalb von [30] [●] Tagen nach seiner 
Bestellung 
keinen 
Nachfolge-
Referenzsatz ermittelt haben, hat er dies 
der Emittentin unverzüglich mitzuteilen. 
Nach Erhalt einer solchen Mitteilung 
oder im Fall, dass die Emittentin trotz 
Bemühens 
nach 
besten 
Kräften 
innerhalb von [30] [●] Tagen nachdem 
die Emittentin ein Einstellungsereignis 
festgestellt hat und keinen unabhängigen 
Sachverständigen bestellen kann, ist sie 
zur 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung 
der 
III) 
If the Independent Expert has not determined a 
Successor Reference Rate within a period of [30] 
[●] days after its appointment, it shall notify this fact 
to the Issuer without delay. Upon receipt of such 
notice or in the case that the Issuer, despite its best 
efforts, is not able to appoint an independent expert 
within a period of [30] [●] days after the Issuer 
determined that a Discontinuation Event had 
occurred, the Issuer is entitled to early terminate the 
Notes. Such termination shall be notified by the 
Issuer to the Calculation Agent and to the

--- Page 86 ---
84 
 
 
Schuldverschreibungen berechtigt. Eine 
solche 
Kündigung 
wird 
der 
Berechnungsstelle 
und 
den 
Anleihegläubigern von der Emittentin 
gemäß 
§ 12 
mitgeteilt. 
In 
dieser 
Mitteilung muss enthalten sein: 
Noteholders in accordance with § 12. Such 
notification shall specify: 
(a) 
die 
Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von 
der Kündigung betroffen ist; 
und 
(a) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; 
and 
(b) 
das 
Rückzahlungsdatum, 
welches 
nicht 
weniger 
als 
[Anzahl 
der 
Tage/T2-
Geschäftstage] 
[Tage] 
[T2-
Geschäftstage] nach dem Datum 
sein darf, an dem die Mitteilung 
der 
Emittentin 
an 
die 
Anleihegläubiger erfolgt ist und 
in jedem Fall nicht auf ein 
Datum gelegt wird, welches vor 
dem Datum der tatsächlichen 
Einstellung des Referenzsatzes 
liegt. 
(b) 
the date determined for redemption which 
shall not be less than [number of days/T2 
Business Days] [days] [T2 Business Days] 
after the date on which the Issuer gave 
notice to the Noteholders and, in any event, 
shall not fall on a date which is earlier than 
the date on which the Reference Rate 
officially ceases to exist. 
Sofern sich die Emittentin entscheidet, 
die Schuldverschreibungen zu kündigen 
oder nicht vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, 
oder falls es der Emittentin oder dem 
unabhängigen Sachverständigen nicht 
möglich ist, die Berechnungsstelle über 
einen Nachfolge-Referenzsatz am 10. 
Tag vor einem Zinsfestlegungstag zu 
informieren, ist der Zinssatz für den 
Maßgeblichen 
Zeitraum 
(wie 
nachfolgend definiert) der [im Fall, dass 
Interpolation anwendbar ist, einfügen: 
relevante] 
Referenzsatz 
oder 
das 
arithmetische 
Mittel 
der 
Referenzzinssätze 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite, 
wie 
vorstehend 
beschrieben, an dem letzten Tag vor dem 
Zinsfestlegungstag, an dem [im Fall, 
dass 
Interpolation 
anwendbar 
ist, 
einfügen: 
relevante[r]] 
[Referenzzinssatz] [Referenzzinssätze] 
angezeigt wurde[n] [im Fall einer Marge 
einfügen: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der 
Marge (wobei jedoch, falls für die 
relevante Zinsperiode eine andere Marge 
als für die unmittelbar vorhergehende 
Zinsperiode gilt, die relevante Marge an 
die 
Stelle 
der 
Marge 
für 
die 
vorhergehende Zinsperiode tritt)]. [Im 
Falle einer Marge, die zuzüglich des 
(relevanten) 
Referenzsatzes 
gezahlt 
wird, einfügen: Nimmt der ermittelte 
If the Issuer elects to terminate or not to redeem the 
Notes early, or if the Issuer or the Independent 
Expert fail or are unable to notify the Calculation 
Agent about a Successor Reference Rate by the day 
falling 10 days prior to the interest determination 
date, the Rate of Interest for the Relevant Period (as 
defined below) shall be [if Interpolation is 
applicable, insert: the relevant] Reference Rate or 
the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rates on the 
Screen Page, as described above, on the last day 
before the Interest Determination Date, on which [if 
Interpolation 
is 
applicable, 
insert: 
relevant] 
[Reference Rate[s]] appeared [in case of a Margin 
insert: [plus] [minus] the Margin (whereby, 
however, if a different Margin than the Margin for 
the immediately preceding Interest Period applies 
for the relevant Interest Period, the relevant Margin 
shall replace the Margin for the immediately 
preceding Interest Period)]. [In case of a Margin, 
which shall be paid in addition to the (relevant) 
Reference Rate, insert: If the Reference Rate has a 
negative value, it shall be offset against the Margin 
such that the offered quotation reduces the Margin.]

--- Page 87 ---
85 
 
 
Referenzsatz einen negativen Wert an, 
wird er gegen die Marge verrechnet, so 
dass er die Marge verringert.] 
In 
diesem 
Unterabsatz 
bezeichnet 
„Maßgeblicher Zeitraum”: 
In this sub-section, “Relevant Period” means: 
(i) 
im Falle einer Kündigung, den 
Zeitraum vom Zinszahlungstag 
(einschließlich), der dem Tag 
der 
Kündigung 
unmittelbar 
vorangeht, bis zum Tag der 
Rückzahlung 
(ausschließlich); 
oder 
(i) 
in case of a termination, the period from (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date 
immediately 
preceding 
the 
date 
of 
termination until (and excluding) the date of 
redemption; or 
(ii) 
sollte die Emittentin von ihrem 
Recht der Kündigung keinen 
Gebrauch machen, den Zeitraum 
vom letzten Zinszahlungstag 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
darauffolgendem 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich). 
(ii) 
if the Issuer does not make use of its right to 
termination, the period from (and including) 
the last Interest Payment Date to (and 
excluding) the following Interest Payment 
Date. 
„Unabhängiger 
Sachverständiger” 
bezeichnet 
eine 
unabhängige 
international anerkannte Bank oder einen 
unabhängigen Finanzberater mit jeweils 
einschlägiger Expertise, die bzw. der von 
der 
Emittentin 
zu 
wirtschaftlich 
angemessenen 
Bedingungen 
unter 
zumutbaren Bemühungen bestellt wird. 
Die 
Berechnungsstelle 
kann 
als 
Unabhängiger Sachverständiger bestellt 
werden, sofern die Berechnungsstelle 
zustimmt, 
als 
Unabhängiger 
Sachverständiger zu handeln. 
“Independent Expert” means an independent 
financial institution of international standing or an 
independent financial advisor in each case with 
relevant expertise appointed by the Issuer under 
commercially 
reasonable 
and 
acceptable 
conditions. The Calculation Agent may be 
appointed as Independent Expert if the Calculation 
Agent agrees to act as Independent Expert. 
[Text 
für 
die 
Maximalzinssatz- 
/ 
Mindestzinssatzoption: 
[Text for maximum / minimum rate option: 
(c) 
[Maximal- / Mindest-] Zinssatz: 
Der Zinssatz wird in keinem Fall 
[höher 
als 
[Höchstzinssatz 
einsetzen]] 
[niedriger 
als 
[Mindestzinssatz 
ein-setzen] 
sein.] 
(c) 
[Maximum / Minimum] Rate of Interest: The 
Rate of Interest shall in no event be [greater 
than [specify maximum rate]] [less than 
[specify minimum rate]].] 
[(d)] 
Berechnung des Zinsbetrages: 
Die Berechnungsstelle wird so 
schnell 
wie 
praktikabel, 
nachdem der Zinssatz für die 
Zinsperiode festgesetzt wurde, 
den 
bezüglich 
jeder 
Schuldverschreibung 
zu 
zahlenden 
Zinsbetrag 
(der 
„Zinsbetrag”) 
für 
die 
entsprechende 
Zinsperiode 
berechnen. Der Zinsbetrag wird 
[(d)] Calculation of Interest Amount: The 
Calculation Agent will, as soon as 
practicable after the time at which the Rate 
of Interest is to be determined in relation to 
each Interest Period, calculate the amount 
of interest (the “Interest Amount”) 
payable in respect of each Note for such 
Interest Period. The Interest Amount will be 
calculated by applying the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period to the Specified 
Denomination of such Note during such

--- Page 88 ---
86 
 
 
ermittelt durch Anwendung des 
für diese Zinsperiode geltenden 
Zinssatzes auf die Festgelegte 
Stückelung 
der 
Schuldverschreibung 
während 
dieser Zins-periode und durch 
Multiplikation des Produktes mit 
dem Zinstagequotienten. Wobei 
der hieraus resultierende Betrag 
[falls die festgelegte Währung 
Euro ist einfügen: auf den 
nächsten 0,01 Euro auf- oder 
abgerundet wird, wobei 0,005 
Euro aufgerundet werden.] [falls 
die festgelegte Währung nicht 
Euro ist, einfügen: auf die 
kleinste Einheit der festgelegten 
Währung auf- oder abgerundet 
wird, 
wobei 
0,5 
solcher 
Einheiten aufgerundet werden.] 
Interest Period and multiplying the product 
by the relevant Day Count Fraction. 
Whereby the resulting amount [if the 
specified currency is Euro insert: to the 
nearest 0.01 Euro, 0.005 Euro being 
rounded 
upwards.] 
[if 
the 
specified 
currency is not Euro insert: to the nearest 
minimum unit of the specified currency, 
with 0.5 of such unit being rounded 
upwards.] 
„Zinstagequotient” in Bezug auf die 
Berechnung eines Betrages für jedweden 
Zeitraum besteht aus 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the 
calculation of an amount for any period of time, 
[Text für die Actual/360 Option: 
[Text for Actual/360 option: 
der tatsächlichen Anzahl der Tage in diesem 
Zeitraum geteilt durch 360.] 
the actual number of days in such period divided by 360.] 
[Text für die Actual/365 Option: 
[Text for Actual/365 option: 
der tatsächlichen Anzahl der Tage in diesem 
Zeitraum geteilt durch 365 (oder, wenn irgendein 
Teil dieses Zeitraums in ein Schaltjahr fällt, der 
Summe von (A) der tatsächlichen Anzahl der 
Tage des Teils des Zeitraums, der in das 
Schaltjahr fällt, geteilt durch 366 und (B) der 
tatsächlichen Anzahl der Tage des Teils des 
Zeitraums, der nicht in das Schaltjahr fällt, geteilt 
durch 365). 
the actual number of days in such period divided by 365 (or, 
if any portion of such period falls in a leap year, the sum of 
(A) the actual number of days in that portion of such period 
falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual 
number of days in that portion of such period falling in a non-
leap year divided by 365. 
[Text für die Option, die anwendbar ist, wenn die 
Berechnungsstelle sonstige Beträge ermittelt: 
[Text for option applicable where Calculation Agent to 
calculate other amounts: 
([e]) 
Berechnung sonstiger Beträge: 
Die Berechnungsstelle wird so 
schnell 
wie 
praktikabel, 
nachdem der jeweilige sonstige 
Betrag festzulegen ist, [der/die 
sonstige(n) zu berechnende(n) 
Betrag/Beträge einsetzen] in der 
folgenden Weise berechnen: 
[Art 
und 
Weise 
ist 
zu 
spezifizieren]] 
([e]) 
Calculation 
of 
other 
amounts: 
The 
Calculation Agent will, as soon as 
practicable after the time or times at which 
any such amount is to be determined, 
calculate [specify other amount(s) to be 
calculated] in the following manner: 
[specify manner]] 
([f]) 
Veröffentlichung: 
Die 
Berechnungsstelle 
wird 
([f]) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will 
cause each Rate of Interest and Interest

--- Page 89 ---
87 
 
 
veranlassen, dass jeder von ihr 
festgesetzte 
Zinssatz 
und 
Zinsbetrag, zusammen mit dem 
maßgeblichen Zinszahlungstag 
[und 
jedem/n 
anderen 
Betrag/Beträgen, 
der/die 
erforderlicherweise 
von 
ihr, 
zusammen 
mit 
dem/n 
maßgeblichen Zahlungstag(en) 
festgestellt wird/ werden] so 
schnell wie praktikabel nach 
Festsetzung den Zahlstellen und 
jeder Börse, an der die Schuld-
verschreibungen dann notiert 
werden, bekannt gemacht wird, 
aber (im Fall eines jeden 
Zinssatzes, Zinsbetrages und 
Zinszahlungstages) in keinem 
Fall später als [Tag angeben]. 
[Eine Bekanntmachung erfolgt 
ebenfalls 
unverzüglich 
gegenüber 
den 
Anleihegläubigern.] 
Die 
Berechnungsstelle ist berechtigt, 
ohne 
Mitteilung 
jeden 
Zinsbetrag 
bei 
einer 
Verlängerung oder Verkürzung 
der betreffenden Zinsperiode 
neu 
(auf 
Basis 
der 
vorhergehenden 
Bestimmungen) zu berechnen. 
Amount determined by it, together with the 
relevant Interest Payment Date[, and any 
other amount(s) required to be determined 
by it together with any relevant payment 
date(s)] to be notified to the Paying Agents 
and each stock exchange (if any) on which 
the Notes are then listed as soon as 
practicable after such determination but (in 
the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest 
Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any 
event not later than [specify day]. [Notice 
thereof shall also promptly be given to the 
Noteholders.] The Calculation Agent will be 
entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount 
(on the basis of the foregoing provisions) 
without notice in the event of an extension 
or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. 
([g]) 
Benachrichtigungen usw.: Alle 
Benachrichtigungen, 
Meinungen, 
Festsetzungen, 
Bescheinigungen, 
Berechnungen, 
Referenzzinssätze 
und 
Entscheidungen, die von der 
Berechnungsstelle zum Zwecke 
dieses 
§ 3 
abgegeben, 
ausgedrückt, ausgefertigt oder 
beschafft werden, sind (sofern 
es 
sich 
nicht 
um 
einen 
offensichtlichen Irrtum handelt) 
für 
die 
Emittentin, 
die 
Zahlstellen 
und 
die 
Anleihegläubiger bindend. Die 
Berechnungsstelle 
haftet 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
der 
Ausübung 
oder 
Nicht-
Ausübung ihrer Befug-nisse, 
Pflichten 
und 
ihrer 
Ermessensspielräume für die 
Zwecke dieses § 3 nur für grobe 
Fahrlässigkeit 
und 
Vorsatz 
unabhängig 
davon, 
ob 
die 
([g]) 
Notifications 
etc.: 
All 
notifications, 
opinions, 
determinations, 
certificates, 
calculations, 
quotations 
and 
decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the 
purposes of this § 3 by the Calculation 
Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) 
be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents 
and the Noteholders. The Calculation Agent 
shall be liable in connection with the 
exercise or non-exercise of its powers, 
duties and discretions for the purposes of 
this § 3 only for gross negligence and wilful 
default, regardless of any liability of the 
Issuer, 
any 
Paying 
Agent 
or 
the 
Noteholders.

--- Page 90 ---
88 
 
 
Emittentin, die Zahlstelle oder 
die Anleihegläubiger haften. 
§ 4 
Rückzahlung, Vorzeitige Rückzahlung und 
Kauf 
§ 4 
Redemption, Early Redemption and Purchase 
 
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit: Sofern 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht 
vorzeitig zurückgezahlt/-gekauft und 
entwertet werden, werden sie am 
[Endfälligkeitsdatum 
einsetzen] 
[Zinszahlungstag, der in [Monat und 
Jahr 
einsetzen] 
fällt,] 
(der 
„Fälligkeitstag”) 
gemäß 
§ 5 
(Zahlungen) 
zu 
ihrer 
Festgelegten 
Stückelung zurückgezahlt. 
(a) 
Scheduled 
redemption: 
Unless 
previously 
redeemed/purchased and cancelled, the Notes will 
be redeemed at their Specified Denomination on 
[insert maturity date] [the Interest Payment Date 
falling in [insert month and year]] (the “Maturity 
Date”), subject to § 5 (Payments). 
 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen 
Gründen: Die Schuldverschreibungen 
können nach Wahl der Emittentin ganz, 
aber nicht teilweise, [jederzeit] [an 
jedem Zinszahlungstag] durch eine 
unwiderrufliche Mitteilung gegenüber 
den 
Anleihegläubigern 
mit 
einer 
Kündigungsfrist von nicht weniger als 
30 und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen, in Höhe 
des Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrages 
(Steuern), 
zusammen 
mit 
den 
gegebenenfalls aufgelaufenen Zinsen bis 
zu 
dem 
für 
die 
Rückzahlung 
vorgesehenen 
Tag 
zurückgezahlt 
werden, wenn: 
(b) 
Early redemption for reasons of taxation: The Notes 
may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, 
but not in part, [at any time] [on any Interest 
Payment Date], on giving not less than 30 nor more 
than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early 
Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest 
accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption, if: 
(1) 
die Emittentin infolge einer 
Änderung oder Ergänzung der 
Gesetze oder Vorschriften der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
oder einer Gebietskörperschaft 
oder 
einer 
dazugehörigen 
Behörde, die die Befugnis zur 
Besteuerung hat, oder einer 
Änderung der Anwendung oder 
offiziellen Auslegung derartiger 
Gesetze 
und 
Vorschriften 
(einschließlich 
der 
Entscheidung eines zuständigen 
Gerichts), verpflichtet wurde 
oder wird, zusätzliche Beträge 
gemäß § 6 (Besteuerung) zu 
zahlen und diese Änderung oder 
Ergänzung an oder nach dem 
[Datum des Zahltages einsetzen] 
in Kraft tritt, und 
(1) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay 
additional amounts as provided or referred 
to in § 6 (Taxation) as a result of any change 
in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations 
of the Federal Republic of Germany or any 
political subdivision or any authority thereof 
or therein having the power to tax, or any 
change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations 
(including a holding by a court of competent 
jurisdiction), which change or amendment 
becomes effective on or after [insert date of 
issue]; and

--- Page 91 ---
89 
 
 
(2) 
die 
Emittentin 
durch 
angemessene 
und 
ihr 
zur 
Verfügung 
stehende 
Maßnahmen 
diese 
Verpflichtung nicht vermeiden 
kann; 
(2) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the 
Issuer taking reasonable measures available 
to it; 
wobei 
eine 
solche 
Mitteilung 
über 
die 
Rückzahlung nicht früher gegeben wird als 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall 
be given earlier than 
[Text, 
der 
anwendbar 
ist, 
wenn 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen jederzeit zurückgezahlt 
werden können: 
[Text applicable where Notes may be redeemed at any time: 
90 Tage vor dem frühestmöglichen Termin, an 
dem die Emittentin verpflichtet wäre, solche 
zusätzlichen Beträge zu zahlen oder solche 
Abzüge oder Einbehalte von Kapital und Zinsen 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzunehmen. 
Außerdem 
muss 
zu 
dem 
Zeitpunkt, zu dem die Kündigung erfolgt, die 
Verpflichtung zur Zahlung von zusätzlichen 
Beträgen oder zur Vornahme der genannten 
Abzüge oder Einbehalte noch wirksam sein, 
wenn 
eine 
Zahlung 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen dann fällig wäre.] 
90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would 
be obliged to pay such additional amounts or to make such 
withholdings or deductions from principal and interest in 
respect of the Notes. In addition, at the time that the relevant 
notice is given the obligation to pay additional amounts or to 
make such withholdings or deductions must still be in effect, 
assuming that a payment in respect of the Notes were then 
due.] 
[Text, 
der 
anwendbar 
ist, 
wenn 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen nur am Zinszahlungstag 
zurückgezahlt werden können: 
[Text applicable where Notes may be redeemed only on 
Interest Payment Date: 
60 
Tage 
vor 
dem 
Zinszahlungstag, 
der 
unmittelbar vor dem frühesten Zeitpunkt liegt, an 
dem die Emittentin verpflichtet wäre, solche 
zusätzlichen Beträge zu zahlen oder solche 
Abzüge oder Einbehalte von Kapital und Zinsen 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzunehmen. 
Außerdem 
muss 
zu 
dem 
Zeitpunkt, zu dem die Kündigung erfolgt, die 
Verpflichtung zur Zahlung von zusätzlichen 
Beträgen oder zur Vornahme der genannten 
Abzüge oder Einbehalte noch wirksam sein, 
wenn 
eine 
Zahlung 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen dann fällig wäre.] 
60 days prior to the Interest Payment Date occurring 
immediately before the earliest date on which the Issuer 
would be obliged to pay such additional amounts or to make 
such withholdings or deductions from principal or interest in 
respect of the Notes. In addition, at the time that the relevant 
notice is given the obligation to pay additional amounts or to 
make such withholdings or deductions must still be in effect, 
assuming that a payment in respect of the Notes were then 
due.] 
Vor 
Veröffentlichung 
einer 
Rück-
zahlungsbekanntmachung 
gemäß 
dieses 
Abschnitts 
wird 
die 
Emittentin 
der 
Emissionsstelle (1) eine von der Emittentin 
unterschriebene Bestätigung des Inhalts, dass die 
Emittentin 
berechtigt 
ist, 
eine 
derartige 
Rückzahlung 
durchzuführen, 
und 
eine 
Darlegung des Sachverhalts, die aufzeigt, dass 
die vorhergehenden Bedingungen für das Recht 
der Emittentin, in dieser Form zurückzuzahlen, 
eingetreten sind, und (2) ein Rechtsgutachten 
eines 
unabhängigen 
Rechtsberaters 
von 
anerkanntem Ruf mit der Aussage, dass die 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant 
to this paragraph, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent 
(1) a certificate signed by the Issuer stating that the Issuer is 
entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a 
statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to 
the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (2) an 
opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing 
to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay 
such additional amounts as a result of such change or 
amendment. Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred 
to in this § 4(b), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the 
Notes in accordance with this § 4(b).

--- Page 92 ---
90 
 
 
Emittentin verpflichtet wurde oder wird, solche 
zusätzlichen 
Beträge 
als 
Ergebnis 
einer 
derartigen Änderung oder Ergänzung zu zahlen, 
vorlegen. Nach Ablauf der Kündigungsfrist 
gemäß dieses § 4(b) ist die Emittentin daran 
gebunden, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
in 
Übereinstimmung 
mit 
diesem 
§ 4(b) 
zurückzuzahlen. 
„Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag (Steuern)” 
ist in Bezug auf jede Schuldverschreibung ihre 
Festgelegte Stückelung. 
“Early Redemption Amount (Tax)” means, in respect of 
any Note, its Specified Denomination. 
[Text für die Call-Option nach Wahl der 
Emittentin: 
[Text for call option at the option of the Issuer: 
 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin: Die Schuldverschreibungen 
können nach Wahl der Emittentin im 
Ganzen [oder teilweise] an einem 
Optionalen Rückzahlungstag (Call) mit 
dem 
maßgeblichen 
Optionalen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Call) 
und 
gegebenenfalls mit den bis zu diesem 
Tag aufgelaufenen Zinsen aufgrund 
einer 
schriftlichen 
Kündigung 
der 
Emittentin 
gegenüber 
den 
Anleihegläubigern mit einer Frist von 
nicht weniger als [20][30] und nicht 
mehr als [60][90] Tagen zurückgezahlt 
werden 
(diese 
Kündigung 
ist 
unwiderruflich und verpflichtet die 
Emittentin, 
die 
maßgeblichen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
an 
dem 
maßgeblichen 
Optionalen 
Rückzahlungstag 
(Call) 
mit 
dem 
Optionalen Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call) 
[und gegebenenfalls mit den bis zu 
diesem Tag aufgelaufenen Zinsen] 
zurückzuzahlen). 
(c) 
Early redemption at the option of the Issuer: The 
Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in 
whole [or in part] on any Optional Redemption Date 
(Call) at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount 
(Call) plus accrued interest (if any) to such date on 
the Issuer’s giving not less than [20][30] nor more 
than [60][90] days’ notice to the Noteholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer 
to redeem the relevant Notes on the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) [plus accrued interest (if 
any) to such date]). 
[Falls die Call-Option teilweise ausgeübt 
werden kann, einfügen: 
[If the call option may be exercised in part, insert: 
Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur teilweise 
zurückgezahlt 
werden, 
werden 
die 
zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen in 
Übereinstimmung 
mit 
den 
Regeln 
des 
betreffenden 
Clearing-Systems 
ausgewählt. 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen in Form 
einer NGN begeben wurden, einfügen: Die 
teilweise Rückzahlung wird in den Registern von 
Clearstream, Luxembourg und Euroclear nach 
deren Ermessen entweder als Pool-Faktor oder 
als 
Reduzierung 
des 
Gesamtnennbetrags 
wiedergegeben.]] 
In the case of a partial redemption of the Notes, the Notes to 
be redeemed shall be selected in accordance with the rules 
and procedures of the relevant Clearing System. [If the Notes 
are issued in NGN form, insert: Such partial redemption 
shall be reflected in the records of Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and Euroclear as either a pool factor or a reduction in 
aggregate principal amount, at the discretion of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear.]]

--- Page 93 ---
91 
 
 
„Optionaler Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call)” ist in 
Bezug auf jede Schuldverschreibung [ihre 
Festgelegte 
Stückelung] 
[Optionalen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call) einfügen. Dieser 
Betrag muss jedoch über der Festgelegten 
Stückelung]. 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Call)” means, in respect 
of any Note, [its Specified Denomination] [insert relevant 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call). However, such 
amount must be higher than the Specified Denomination]. 
„Optionaler Rückzahlungstag (Call)” ist 
[Datum einsetzen].] 
“Optional Redemption Date (Call)” means [insert date].] 
[Text für die Call-Option im Falle des Eintritts 
eines Transaktions-Ereignisses: 
[Text for call option in the case of a Transaction Trigger 
Event: 
([●]) 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin im Falle des Eintritts eines 
Transaktions-Ereignisses: 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen können im Falle 
des 
Eintritts 
eines 
Transaktions-
Ereignisses im Ganzen an einem 
Rückzahlungstag (Trigger) mit dem 
maßgeblichen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Trigger) [und gegebenenfalls mit den 
bis zu diesem Tag aufgelaufenen Zinsen] 
aufgrund einer schriftlichen Kündigung 
der 
Emittentin 
gegenüber 
den 
Anleihegläubigern 
[falls 
ein 
Transaktions-Stichtag anwendbar ist, 
einfügen: 
bis 
zum 
[Transaktions-
Stichtag einfügen] und] mit einer Frist 
von nicht weniger als [20][30] und nicht 
mehr als [60][90] Tagen nach dem Tag 
der Mitteilung des Eintritts eines 
Transaktions-Ereignisses 
durch 
die 
Emittentin zurückgezahlt werden (diese 
Kündigung 
ist 
unwiderruflich 
und 
verpflichtet 
die 
Emittentin, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
an 
dem 
maßgeblichen 
Rückzahlungstag 
(Trigger) mit dem Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Trigger) [und gegebenenfalls mit den 
bis zu diesem Tag aufgelaufenen Zinsen] 
zurückzuzahlen). 
([●]) 
Early redemption at the option of the Issuer in the 
case of a Transaction Trigger Event: In the case of a 
Transaction Trigger Event, the Notes may be 
redeemed in whole on a Redemption Date (Trigger) 
at the relevant Redemption Amount (Trigger) [plus 
accrued interest (if any) to such date] upon written 
notice by the Issuer to the Noteholders [in case of a 
Transaction Trigger Cut-off Date, insert: no later 
than [insert Transaction Trigger Cut-off Date] and] 
not less than [20][30] nor more than [60][90] days 
after the date of notice by the Issuer of the 
occurrence of a Transaction Trigger Event (which 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer 
to redeem the Notes on the relevant Redemption 
Date (Trigger) at the Redemption Amount (Trigger) 
[plus accrued interest (if any) to such date]). 
Dabei gilt: 
Whereby: 
„Rückzahlungsbetrag (Trigger)” bezeichnet 
[die 
Festgelegte 
Stückelung 
der 
Schuldverschreibung] 
[[Währung 
und 
Rückzahlungsbetrag] pro Schuldverschreibung]. 
“Redemption Amount (Trigger)” means [the Specified 
Denomination] [[insert currency and redemption amount] 
per Note]. 
„Rückzahlungstag (Trigger)” bezeichnet den 
Tag, 
der 
für 
die 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß 
§ 4([●]) 
(Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin im Falle 
des Eintritts eines Transaktions-Ereignisses) 
festgesetzt wurde. 
“Redemption Date (Trigger)” means the date fixed for 
redemption of the Notes pursuant to § 4([●]) (Redemption at 
the option of the Issuer in the case of a Transaction Trigger 
Event).

--- Page 94 ---
92 
 
 
„Transaktion” bezeichnet [Beschreibung der 
geplanten Transaktion für deren Finanzierung 
die Schuldverschreibungen begeben werden]. 
“Transaction” means [insert description of envisaged 
transaction for which the Notes are intended to be issued for 
refinancing purposes]. 
„Transaktions-Ereignis” 
bezeichnet 
die 
Mitteilung 
der 
Emittentin 
an 
die 
Anleihegläubiger 
gemäß 
§ 12, 
dass 
die 
Transaktion vor ihrem Abschluss abgebrochen 
wurde. 
“Transaction Trigger Event” means a notice given by the 
Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with § 12 that the 
Transaction has been terminated prior to completion. 
[Falls der Anleihegläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
zu 
kündigen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Der 
Emittentin steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug 
auf 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung 
zu, 
deren 
Rückzahlung bereits der Anleihegläubiger in 
Ausübung seines Wahlrechts nach § 4([●]) 
(Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Anleihegläubiger) 
verlangt hat.] 
[If the Notes are subject to early redemption at the option of 
the Noteholder, the following applies: The Issuer may not 
exercise such option in respect of any Note which is the 
subject of the prior exercise by the Noteholder thereof of its 
option to require the redemption of such Note under § 4 ([●]) 
(Redemption at the option of Noteholders).] 
[Text für die Call-Option im Falle einer 
vorzeitigen Kündigung: 
[Text for call option in the case of an early redemption: 
([●]) 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin: 
([●]) 
Early redemption at the option of the Issuer: 
 
Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie 
gemäß Absatz (b) gekündigt hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt oder 
teilweise 
am/an 
den 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(en) (Call) zum/zu den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/-beträgen 
(Call), wie nachstehend angegeben, 
nebst 
etwaigen 
bis 
zum 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Call) (ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen Zinsen zurückzahlen. 
(a) 
The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance 
with clause (b), redeem all or some only of the Notes 
on the Call Redemption Date(s) at the Call 
Redemption Amount(s) set forth below together 
with accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) the 
Call Redemption Date. 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(e) 
(Call) 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag/ 
beträge (Call) 
Call 
Redemption Date(s) 
Call 
Redemption Amount(s) 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(e)] 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag/
beträge] 
[Call 
Redemption 
Date(s)] 
[Call 
Redemption Amount(s)] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[Falls auch der Anleihegläubiger ein Wahlrecht 
hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu 
kündigen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Der 
Emittentin steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug 
auf 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung 
zu, 
deren 
Rückzahlung bereits der Anleihegläubiger in 
Ausübung seines Wahlrechts nach § 4([●]) 
(Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Anleihegläubiger) 
verlangt hat.] 
[If Notes are also subject to early redemption at the option 
of the Noteholder, the following applies: The Issuer may not 
exercise such option in respect of any Note which is the 
subject of the prior exercise by the Noteholder thereof of its 
option to require the redemption of such Note under § 4 ([●]) 
(Redemption at the option of Noteholders).]

--- Page 95 ---
93 
 
 
 
Die 
Kündigung 
ist 
den 
Anleihegläubigern 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
durch 
die 
Emittentin gemäß § 12 bekannt zu 
geben. Sie beinhaltet die folgenden 
Angaben: 
(b) 
Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to 
the Noteholders of the Notes in accordance with 
§ 12. Such notice shall specify: 
(i) 
die zurückzuzahlende Serie von 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; 
(ii) 
eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie 
ganz 
oder 
teilweise 
zurückgezahlt wird und im 
letzteren 
Fall 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
(ii) 
whether such Series is to be redeemed in 
whole or in part only and, if in part only, the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes 
which are to be redeemed; 
(iii) 
den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Call), der nicht weniger als 30 
Tage und nicht mehr als 60 Tage 
nach dem Tag der Kündigung 
durch die Emittentin gegenüber 
den Anleihegläubigern liegen 
darf; und 
(iii) 
the Call Redemption Date, which shall be 
not less than 30 days nor more than 60 days 
after the date on which notice is given by the 
Issuer to the Noteholders; and 
(iv) 
den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Call), 
zu 
dem 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zurückgezahlt werden. 
(iv) 
the Call Redemption Amount at which such 
Notes are to be redeemed. 
 
Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur 
teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, werden 
die 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
in 
Übereinstimmung mit den Regeln des 
betreffenden 
Clearing 
Systems 
ausgewählt. 
[Falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer 
NGN begeben werden, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Die teilweise Rückzahlung 
wird in den Registern von CBL und 
Euroclear 
nach 
deren 
Ermessen 
entweder als Pool-Faktor oder als 
Reduzierung des Gesamtnennbetrags 
wiedergegeben.] 
(c) 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, Notes to 
be redeemed shall be selected in accordance with the 
rules and procedures of the relevant Clearing 
System. [In the case of Notes in NGN form the 
following applies: Such partial redemption shall be 
reflected in the records of CBL and Euroclear as 
either a pool factor or a reduction in aggregate 
principal amount, at the discretion of CBL and 
Euroclear.] 
[Text für die Put-Option nach Wahl der 
Anleihegläubiger: 
[Text for put option at the option of Noteholders: 
[([●])] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Anleihegläubiger: Die Emittentin wird 
nach Wahl der Anleihegläubiger deren 
Schuldverschreibungen 
an 
einem 
Optionalen Rückzahlungstag (Put), der 
in 
einer 
betreffenden Put-Options-
Mitteilung näher erläutert ist, zu einem 
maßgeblichen 
Optionalen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag (Put), zusammen 
[([●])] Early redemption at the option of Noteholders: The 
Issuer shall, at the option of the Noteholder of any 
Note, redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption 
Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option 
Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount 
(Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such 
date. In order to exercise the option contained in this 
§ 4[(d)], the Noteholder must, not less than 30 nor 
more than 60 days before the relevant Optional

--- Page 96 ---
94 
 
 
mit den gegebenenfalls bis zu diesem 
Tag 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen, 
zurückzahlen. Zur Ausübung der in 
diesem § 4[(d)] beschriebenen Option 
muss der Anleihegläubiger an die 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle 
der 
Zahlstelle eine ordnungsgemäß ergänzte 
Put-Options-Mitteilung, 
die 
in 
der 
jeweils maßgeblichen Form bei der 
Zahlstelle erhältlich ist, zur vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung nicht weniger als 30 und 
nicht mehr als 60 Tage vor dem 
betreffenden 
Optionalen 
Rückzahlungstag 
(Put) 
übermitteln. 
Falls die Wahl-Rückzahlungserklärung 
nach 17.00 Uhr Frankfurt am Main Zeit 
am 30. Zahltag vor dem Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Put) eingeht, ist das 
Wahlrecht nicht wirksam ausgeübt. Eine 
in Übereinstimmung mit diesem § 4[(d)] 
einmal ordnungsgemäß abgegebene Put-
Options-Mitteilung 
kann 
nicht 
zurückgefordert 
werden. 
Die 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, für welche das 
Wahlrecht ausgeübt worden ist, erfolgt 
nur 
gegen 
Lieferung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen an die Zahlstelle 
oder deren Order gemäß dem Verfahren 
der Clearingsysteme. Wird jedoch eine 
derartige Schuldverschreibung vor dem 
betreffenden 
Optionalen 
Rückzahlungstag (Put) vorzeitig fällig 
und zahlbar oder bei rechtzeitiger 
Vorlegung einer solchen Schuldver-
schreibung am betreffenden Optionalen 
Rückzahlungstag (Put) die Zahlung der 
Rückzahlungsbeträge 
unberechtigt 
zurückgehalten 
oder 
verweigert, 
benachrichtigt die betreffende Zahlstelle 
den betreffenden Anleihegläubiger. 
Redemption Date (Put), submit to the specified 
office of the Paying Agent a duly completed Put 
Option Notice, which may be obtained in the 
relevant form from the Paying Agent. In the event 
that the Put Option Notice is received after 5.00 p.m. 
Frankfurt am Main time on the 30th Payment 
Business Day before the Optional Redemption Date 
(Put), the option shall not have been validly 
exercised. A Put Option Notice once duly given in 
accordance with this § 4[(d)] may not be recalled. 
The redemption of the Notes in respect of which the 
option has been exercised shall be made only against 
delivery of the Notes to the Paying Agent or its order 
in accordance with the clearing systems procedure. 
If, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date 
(Put), any such Note becomes immediately due and 
payable or, upon due presentation of any such Note 
on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), 
payment of the redemption amounts is improperly 
withheld or refused, the relevant Paying Agent shall 
notify the relevant Noteholder. 
„Put-Options-Mitteilung” ist eine Mitteilung, 
die der Zahlstelle von jedem Anleihegläubiger 
übersandt werden muss, der das Recht auf 
Rückzahlung einer Schuldverschreibung nach 
seiner Wahl ausüben will. 
“Put Option Notice” means a notice which must be 
delivered to a Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to 
exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the 
Noteholder. 
„Optionaler Rückzahlungsbetrag (Put)” ist in 
Bezug auf jede Schuldverschreibung [ihre 
Festgelegte 
Stückelung] 
[Optionalen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag (Put) einfügen. Dieser 
Betrag muss jedoch über der Festgelegten 
Stückelung liegen]. 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Put)” means, in respect 
of any Note, [its Specified Denomination] [insert relevant 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put). However, such amount 
must be higher than the Specified Denomination]. 
„Optionaler 
Rückzahlungstag 
(Put)” 
ist 
[Datum einsetzen].] 
“Optional Redemption Date (Put)” means [insert date].]

--- Page 97 ---
95 
 
 
[Text für die Kontrollwechsel Put-Option nach 
Wahl der Anleihegläubiger: 
[Text for change of control put option at the option of 
Noteholders: 
[([●])] Kontrollwechsel: Die Anleihegläubiger 
sind berechtigt, bei Eintritt eines 
Kontrollwechselereignisses 
(wie 
nachstehend definiert) die Rückzahlung 
der Schuldverschreibungen innerhalb 
des Zeitraums vom Tag der Begebung 
bis zu [140] Tage vor dem Fälligkeitstag 
zu 
verlangen 
(das 
„Rückzahlungsereignis (Put)”). 
[([●])] Change of Control: The Noteholders shall be 
entitled during the period from the Issue Date up to 
[140] days prior to the Maturity Date to require the 
redemption of the Notes upon occurrence of a 
Change of Control Event (as defined below) (the 
“Put Event”). 
Falls ein Rückzahlungsereignis (Put) eingetreten 
ist, ist jeder Anleihegläubiger berechtigt, von der 
Emittentin die Rückzahlung oder den Rückkauf 
(nach 
Wahl 
der 
Emittentin) 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zum 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag (Put) (wie nachstehend 
definiert) am Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put) (wie 
nachstehend definiert) zu verlangen. 
If a Put Event is deemed to have occurred, then each 
Noteholder is entitled to require the Issuer to redeem or 
repurchase (at the option of the Issuer) the Notes at the Put 
Amount (as defined below) on the Put Date (as defined 
below). 
Unmittelbar 
nach 
dem 
Eintritt 
eines 
Rückzahlungsereignisses 
(Put) 
wird 
die 
Emittentin den Anleihegläubigern gemäß § 12 in 
einer 
Mitteilung 
(eine 
„Rückzahlungsmitteilung 
(Put)”) 
die 
Umstände des Rückzahlungsereignisses (Put) 
und das Verfahren für die Ausübung des in 
diesem § 4 ([●]) genannten Wahlrechts angeben. 
Promptly upon the occurrence of a Put Event, the Issuer shall 
give notice (a “Put Event Notice”) to the Noteholders in 
accordance with § 12 specifying the nature of the Put Event 
and the procedure for exercising the option pursuant to this 
§ 4 ([●]). 
Dabei gilt: 
Whereby: 
Ein „Kontrollwechselereignis” tritt ein, wenn 
(i) ein Kontrollwechsel stattfindet und (ii) 
infolge dieses Kontrollwechsels der Emittentin 
kein langfristiges Kreditrating erteilt wird oder 
das durch Standard & Poors an die Emittentin 
vergebene langfristige Kreditrating um [zwei] 
oder mehr Stufen gesenkt wird, vorausgesetzt 
dass diese Änderung des Kreditratings innerhalb 
des Kontrollwechselzeitraums (wie nachstehend 
definiert) stattfindet. 
A “Change of Control Event” occurs if (i) a Change of 
Control occurs and (ii) as a result of such Change of Control, 
no long term credit rating is assigned to the Issuer or the long 
term credit rating assigned to the Issuer by Standard & 
Poor’s is downgraded by [two] or more notches, provided 
that such change in credit rating occurs within the Change of 
Control Period (as defined below). 
Ein „Kontrollwechsel” tritt ein, wenn eine 
Person oder eine gemeinsam handelnde Gruppe, 
mit 
Ausnahme 
der 
Hauptaktionäre 
(wie 
nachstehend definiert), Kontrolle über die 
Emittentin erlangt. 
A “Change of Control” occurs if any person or group, 
acting in concert, other than the Major Shareholders (as 
defined below), gains Control of the Issuer. 
„Kontrolle” bezeichnet Kontrolle wie in § 29 
Abs. 
2 
Wertpapiererwerbs- 
und 
Übernahmegesetz (WpÜG) definiert. 
“Control” means control as defined in Section 29 paragraph 
2 of the German Securities Acquisition and Takeover Act 
(Wertpapiererwerbs- und Übernahmegesetz). 
„Kontrollwechselzeitraum” bezeichnet den 
Zeitraum, der am früheren (1) des Tages der 
ersten 
öffentlichen 
Bekanntmachung 
des 
Kontrollwechsels und (2) des Tages der 
frühesten Möglichen Bekanntmachung des 
“Change of Control Period” means the period commencing 
on the date that is the earlier of (1) the date of the first public 
announcement of a Change of Control; and (2) the date of the 
earliest Potential Change of Control Announcement (as

--- Page 98 ---
96 
 
 
Kontrollwechsels (wie nachstehend definiert) 
beginnt und 90 Tage nach dem Kontrollwechsel 
endet. 
defined below) and ending 90 days after the Change of 
Control. 
„Hauptaktionäre” bezeichnet [jeweils einzeln 
Daniel Křetínský und Patrik Tkáč, als natürliche 
Personen, 
einschließlich 
der 
möglichen 
Nachfolge im Erbfall (natürliche oder juristische 
Personen) 
sowie 
die 
Überführung 
der 
Beteiligung (oder Teilen davon) in einen Trust, 
Stiftung oder ähnliche Rechtsform im Rahmen 
einer Nachfolgeplanung, sowie  die Meridian 
Stiftung (Essen, Deutschland), die Prof. Otto 
Beisheim Stiftung (München, Deutschland) und 
die Prof. Otto Beisheim Stiftung (Baar, Schweiz) 
sowie jede Person, die unter der Kontrolle einer 
der vorgenannten Personen steht, und jeder damit 
verbundene Trust oder jede Stiftung.] [  ] 
“Major Shareholders” means [each and any of Daniel 
Křetínský and Patrik Tkáč each individually, as natural 
persons, including possible succession in the event of 
inheritance (natural or legal persons) and the transfer of the 
shareholding (or parts thereof) to a trust, foundation or 
similar legal form as part of a succession planning, as well as 
Meridian Stiftung (Essen, Germany), Prof. Otto Beisheim 
Stiftung (Munich, Germany) and Prof. Otto Beisheim 
Stiftung (Baar, Switzerland) as well as each and any person 
under the Control of any of the foregoing persons and any 
associated trust or foundation (Stiftung).] [  ] 
„Mögliche 
Bekanntmachung 
des 
Kontrollwechsels” bezeichnet eine öffentliche 
Bekanntmachung oder Erklärung durch die 
Emittentin 
oder 
einen 
tatsächlichen 
oder 
möglichen Bieter in Bezug auf einen möglichen 
Kontrollwechsel, wenn innerhalb von 180 Tagen 
ab dem Tag dieser Bekanntmachung oder 
Erklärung ein Kontrollwechsel eintritt. 
“Potential Change of Control Announcement” means any 
public announcement or statement by the Issuer or any actual 
or potential bidder relating to any potential Change of 
Control where within 180 days of the date of such 
announcement or statement, a Change of Control occurs. 
Zur Ausübung dieses Wahlrechts muss der 
Anleihegläubiger (i) während der normalen 
Geschäftsstunden innerhalb eines Zeitraums (der 
„Rückzahlungszeitraum (Put)”) von 45 Tagen, 
nachdem die Rückzahlungsmitteilung (Put) 
veröffentlicht 
ist, 
eine 
ordnungsgemäß 
ausgefüllte 
und 
unterzeichnete 
Ausübungserklärung 
bei 
der 
angegebenen 
Niederlassung der Zahlstelle einreichen (die 
„Ausübungserklärung (Put)”), die in ihrer 
jeweils maßgeblichen Form bei der angegebenen 
Niederlassung der Zahlstelle erhältlich ist und 
(ii) die Schuldverschreibungen an die Zahlstelle 
liefern. Ein so ausgeübtes Wahlrecht kann nicht 
ohne vorherige Zustimmung der Emittentin 
widerrufen oder zurückgezogen werden. 
In order to exercise such option, the Noteholder (i) must 
submit during normal business hours at the specified office 
of the Paying Agent a duly completed option exercise notice 
(“Put Notice”) in the form available from the specified 
office of the Paying Agent within the period (the “Put 
Period”) of 45 days after a Put Event Notice is given and (ii) 
deliver the Notes to the Paying Agent. No option so 
exercised may be revoked or withdrawn without the prior 
consent of the Issuer. 
„Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put)” 
bezeichnet 
den siebten Tag nach dem letzten Tag des 
Rückzahlungszeitraums. 
“Put Date” means the seventh day after the last day of the 
Put Period. 
„Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Put)” bezeichnet 
in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung einen 
Betrag, der (a) 100 % der Festgelegten 
Stückelung und (b) den bis zum Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Put) aufgelaufenen Zinsen 
entspricht.] 
“Put Amount” means in respect of any Note an amount 
equal to: (a) 100% of the Specified Denomination; and 
(b) any accrued interest up to the Put Date.]

--- Page 99 ---
97 
 
 
[([●])] Keine 
sonstige 
Rückzahlung: 
Die 
Emittentin ist nicht berechtigt, die 
Schuldverschreibungen in einer anderen 
Form zurückzuzahlen, als es in den oben 
angeführten Abschnitten (a) bis [(d)] 
vorgegeben ist. 
[([●])] No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled 
to redeem the Notes otherwise than as provided in 
paragraphs (a) to [(d)] above. 
[([●])] Kauf: Die Emittentin oder eine ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften können zu jeder 
Zeit auf dem offenen Markt oder 
anderweitig 
und 
zu 
jedem 
Preis 
Schuldverschreibungen kaufen. 
[([●])] Purchase: The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may 
at any time purchase Notes in the open market or 
otherwise and at any price. 
§ 5 
Zahlungen 
§ 5 
Payments 
 
Zahlungen 
an 
Anleihegläubiger: 
Zahlungen 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgen 
an 
Order 
des/der 
jeweiligen 
Clearing 
System(s)(e) 
zu 
Gunsten 
der 
Anleihegläubiger durch Überweisung 
auf ein von diesen angegebenes Konto. 
(a) 
Payments to Noteholders: Payments in respect of the 
Notes shall be made to the order of the relevant 
clearing system(s) for the account of the Noteholders 
by transfer to an account specified by them. 
 
Zahlungen unterliegen Steuergesetzen: 
Alle 
Zahlungen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen unterliegen in 
allen 
Fällen 
am 
Zahlungsort 
den 
anwendbaren Steuer- oder anderen 
Gesetzen und Vorschriften, unbeschadet 
der 
Bestimmungen 
des 
§ 6 
(Besteuerung). Den Anleihegläubigern 
werden 
von 
keiner 
Zahlstelle 
Provisionen oder Kosten auf solche 
Zahlungen belastet. 
(b) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in 
respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to any 
applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the 
place of payment, but without prejudice to the 
provisions of § 6 (Taxation). No commissions or 
expenses shall be charged by any Paying Agent to 
the Noteholders in respect of such payments. 
 
Zahlungen an Zahlungstagen: Ist der 
Fälligkeitstag für die Zahlung eines 
Betrages auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
kein 
Zahlungstag, 
hat 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
erst 
am 
nächstfolgenden 
Zahlungstag 
einen 
Anspruch 
auf 
Auszahlung. 
Der 
Anspruch auf Zahlung zusätzlicher Zins- 
oder anderer Beträge aufgrund einer 
solchen 
späteren 
Auszahlung 
ist 
ausgeschlossen. 
(c) 
Payments on payment business days: If the due date 
for payment of any amount in respect of any Note is 
not a Payment Business Day, the Noteholder shall 
not be entitled to payment of the amount due until 
the next succeeding Payment Business Day and shall 
not be entitled to any further interest or other 
payment in respect of any such delay. 
 
Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch 
Leistung der Zahlung an das Clearing 
System oder dessen Order von ihrer 
Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
(d) 
Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by 
payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing System. 
„Zahlungstag” ist 
“Payment Business Day” means 
[Text für die Option Euro: 
[Text for the option Euro:

--- Page 100 ---
98 
 
 
jeder Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), 
(i) an dem das Clearing System geöffnet und (ii) 
der ein T2-Abrechnungstag ist. 
any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (i) on which the 
Clearing System is open and (ii) which is a T2 Settlement 
Day. 
„T2-Abrechnungstag” ist jeder Tag, an dem T2 
(das vom Eurosystem betriebene Echtzeit-
Bruttoabwicklungssystem) 
oder 
jedes 
Nachfolgesystem („T2”) in Betrieb ist.] 
“T2 Settlement Day” means any day on which T2 (the real 
time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem) or 
any successor system thereto (“T2”) is operating.] 
[Text für die Option sonstige Währung: 
[Text for option other currencies: 
jeder Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), 
(i) an dem das Clearing System geöffnet ist und 
(ii) an dem im Finanzzentrum der Währung, in 
welcher die Zahlung vorgenommen wird,[und in 
jedem Zusätzlichen Finanzzentrum] Geschäfte in 
ausländischen Währungen ausgeführt werden 
dürfen. 
any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (i) on which the 
Clearing System is open and (ii) which is a day on which 
dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment [and 
in each Additional Financial Centre]. 
[„Zusätzliche(s) Finanzzentrum(en)” ist [Stadt 
oder Städte angeben].]] 
[“Additional Financial Centre(s)” means [specify city or 
cities].]] 
§ 6 
Besteuerung 
§ 6 
Taxation 
 
Bruttoertrag: 
Alle 
Zahlungen 
von 
Kapital und Zinsen durch die (oder im 
Namen 
der) 
Emittentin 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen ohne 
Einbehalt oder Abzug an der Quelle von 
irgendwelchen Steuern, Gebühren oder 
Abgaben, 
die 
von 
oder 
in 
der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
oder 
irgendeiner ihrer Gebietskörperschaften 
oder Behörden mit Steuerhoheit erhoben 
werden, 
sofern 
nicht 
eine 
solche 
Einbehaltung oder ein Abzug gesetzlich 
vorgeschrieben ist. In diesem Fall wird 
die 
Emittentin 
zusätzliche 
Beträge 
zahlen, was dazu führt, dass die 
Anleihegläubiger die Beträge erhalten, 
die sie auch erhalten hätten, wenn keine 
solche Einbehaltung oder kein solcher 
Abzug vorgenommen worden wäre, mit 
der Ausnahme, dass keine zusätzlichen 
Beträge zu zahlen sind: 
(a) 
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in 
respect of the Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer 
shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatsoever 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed at source by or in the Federal Republic of 
Germany or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax, 
unless such withholding or deduction is required by 
law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such 
additional amounts as will result in the receipt by the 
Noteholders of such amounts as would have been 
received by them if no such withholding or 
deduction had been required, except that no such 
additional amounts shall be payable: 
(i) 
im Zusammenhang mit jeder 
Zahlung auf jede Schuldver-
schreibung, die auf andere 
Weise als durch Abzug oder 
Einbehalt an der Quelle aus 
Zahlungen von Kapital oder 
Zinsen zu entrichten sind; 
(i) 
in relation to any payment in respect of any 
Note which is to be paid on payments of 
principal or interest by any means other than 
withholding at source or deduction at 
source; 
(ii) 
wenn 
der 
entsprechende 
Anleihegläubiger 
aufgrund 
seiner 
Verbindungen 
zur 
(ii) 
if the relevant Noteholder is liable to such 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges due to having a connection with the

--- Page 101 ---
99 
 
 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland, 
die über den reinen Besitz der 
Schuldverschreibung 
hinausgehen, zu irgendwelchen 
Steuern, 
Gebühren 
oder 
Abgaben veranlagt wird; 
Federal Republic of Germany other than the 
mere holding of the relevant Note; 
(iii) 
wenn ein solcher Einbehalt oder 
Abzug 
aufgrund 
(i) 
einer 
Richtlinie oder Verordnung der 
Europäischen Union betreffend 
die 
Besteuerung 
von 
Zinserträgen oder (ii) einer 
zwischenstaatlichen 
Vereinbarung 
über 
deren 
Besteuerung, 
an 
der 
Deutschland 
oder 
die 
Europäische Union beteiligt ist, 
oder (iii) einer gesetzlichen 
Vorschrift, die diese Richtlinie, 
Verordnung oder Vereinbarung 
umsetzt 
oder 
befolgt, 
erforderlich ist; 
(iii) 
where such withholding or deduction is 
required by (i) a European Union directive 
or regulation concerning the taxation of 
savings income in the form of interest 
payments or (ii) an intergovernmental 
agreement on the taxation thereof to which 
Germany or the European Union is a party 
or (iii) a statutory provision implementing or 
complying with such directive, regulation or 
agreement; 
(iv) 
hinsichtlich jeder Schuldver-
schreibung, die durch oder für 
einen Inhaber zur Zahlung 
vorgelegt wird, der in der Lage 
gewesen wäre, einen solchen 
Einbehalt oder Abzug durch 
Vorlegung 
der 
jeweiligen 
Schuldverschreibung bei einer 
anderen Zahlstelle in einem 
Mitgliedstaat 
der 
EU 
zu 
vermeiden; 
(iv) 
in respect of any Note presented for 
payment by or on behalf of a Noteholder 
who would have been able to avoid such 
withholding or deduction by presenting the 
relevant Note to another Paying Agent in a 
Member State of the EU; 
(v) 
wenn die Schuldverschreibung 
zur Zahlung mehr als 30 Tage 
nach dem Maßgeblichen Tag 
vorgelegt wird, ausgenommen 
in dem Umfang, in dem der 
betreffende Inhaber zu solchen 
zusätzlichen 
Beträgen 
berechtigt wäre, wenn er die 
Schuldverschreibung am letzten 
Tag dieses Zeitraums von 30 
Tagen vorgelegt hätte;  
(v) 
in respect of any Note presented for 
payment more than 30 days after the 
Relevant Date except to the extent that the 
relevant Noteholder would have been 
entitled to such additional amounts if it had 
presented such Note on the last day of such 
period of 30 days;  
(vi) 
wenn der Abzug oder Einbehalt 
aufgrund oder in Auswirkung 
oder 
als 
Ergebnis 
eines 
internationalen Vertrages, dem 
die 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
beigetreten 
ist, 
oder 
einer 
aufgrund 
eines 
solchen Vertrages ergangenen 
Direktive 
oder 
(vi) 
in respect of any withholding or deduction 
pursuant to or as a consequence or result of 
an international treaty to which the Federal 
Republic of Germany is a party, or pursuant 
to a directive or implementing regulation 
adopted pursuant to such a treaty; or

--- Page 102 ---
100 
 
 
Ausführungsbestimmung 
vorgenommen wird; oder 
(vii) 
wenn der Abzug oder Einbehalt 
im Fall einer Kombination der in 
den Absätzen (i) bis (vi) 
beschriebenen 
Fälle 
vorgenommen wird. 
(vii) 
in respect of any withholding or deduction 
in the case of any combination of 
circumstances described in paragraphs (i) to 
(vi). 
Die Bruttoertragsregelung dieses § 6(a) findet 
keine Anwendung in Bezug auf die deutsche 
Kapitalertragsteuer 
(inklusive 
der 
gegebenenfalls 
hierauf 
entfallenden 
Kirchensteuer), 
die 
nach 
dem 
deutschen 
Einkommensteuergesetz 
in 
seiner 
jeweils 
anzuwendenden 
Fassung 
abgezogen 
oder 
einbehalten wird, auch wenn der Abzug oder 
Einbehalt durch die Emittentin oder ihren 
Stellvertreter 
vorzunehmen 
ist, 
und 
den 
deutschen Solidaritätszuschlag oder jede andere 
Steuer, welche die deutsche Kapitalertragsteuer 
bzw. den Solidaritätszuschlag ersetzen oder 
erhöhen sollte. 
The gross-up obligation of this § 6(a) does not apply to 
German 
withholding 
tax 
on 
interest 
income 
(Kapitalertragsteuer; including, if any, church tax) to be 
deducted or withheld pursuant to the German Income Tax 
Act in its applicable version even if the deduction or 
withholding has to be made by the Issuer or its 
representative, and the German Solidarity Surcharge 
(Solidaritätszuschlag) or any other tax which may substitute 
or 
increase 
the 
German 
Kapitalertragsteuer 
or 
Solidaritätszuschlag, as the case may be. 
Ungeachtet gegenteiliger Angaben in diesem 
§ 6(a) sind weder die Emittentin noch irgendeine 
Zahlstelle oder sonstige Person zur Zahlung 
zusätzlicher Beträge in Bezug auf jegliche 
Einbehalte oder Abzüge verpflichtet, die (i) von 
oder in Bezug auf jegliche Wertpapiere gemäß 
den Abschnitten 1471 bis 1474 des Code sowie 
den 
darunter 
erlassenen 
Verordnungen 
(„FATCA”), 
gemäß 
den 
Gesetzen 
der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland, zur Umsetzung 
von FATCA oder gemäß jeglichem Vertrag 
zwischen der Emittentin und den Vereinigten 
Staaten oder einer Behörde der Vereinigten 
Staaten in Bezug auf FATCA oder gemäß eines 
Gesetzes der Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder 
jeder 
anderen 
Jurisdiktion, 
die 
ein 
zwischenstaatliches Konzept in Bezug auf 
FATCA umsetzen, gemacht werden. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this § 6(a), 
neither the Issuer, nor any paying agent or any other person 
shall be required to pay any additional amounts with respect 
to any withholding or deduction (i) imposed on or in respect 
of any Note pursuant to sections 1471 to 1474 of the Code 
and the regulations promulgated thereunder (“FATCA”), 
any law of the Federal Republic of Germany implementing 
FATCA, or any agreement between the Issuer and the United 
States or any authority thereof entered into for FATCA 
purposes, or any law of the Federal Republic of Germany or 
any other jurisdiction implementing an intergovernmental 
approach to FATCA. 
„Maßgeblicher Tag” ist in Bezug auf jede 
Zahlung entweder (a) der Tag, an dem die 
betreffende Zahlung fällig wird oder (b) wenn 
die Zahlstelle den gesamten, zahlbaren Betrag 
nicht an oder vor einem solchen Fälligkeitstag 
erhalten hat, der Tag, an dem eine entsprechende 
Mitteilung (über den Erhalt des gesamten 
Betrages) an die Anleihegläubiger gegeben wird, 
je nachdem, welcher der beiden Tage der spätere 
ist. 
“Relevant Date” means, in relation to any payment, the later 
of (a) the date on which the payment in question first 
becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been 
received by the Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, 
the date on which (the full amount having been so received) 
notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders. 
 
Bedeutung von Kapital und Zinsen: 
(b) 
Meaning of principal and interest: 
(i) 
Jede Bezugnahme auf „Kapital” 
schließt einen etwaigen Rück-
(i) 
Any reference to “principal” shall include 
any redemption amount, [any additional

--- Page 103 ---
101 
 
 
zahlungsbetrag, [etwaige gemäß 
§ 3 (Verspätete Zahlung des 
Rückzahlungsbetrages) 
zusätzlich zahlbare Beträge,] 
etwaiges zu zahlendes Aufgeld 
auf eine Schuldverschreibung 
und jeden anderen gemäß diesen 
Bedingungen zahlbaren Betrag 
mit Kapitalcharakter ein. 
amounts in respect of principal which may 
be payable under § 3 (Late Payment of 
Redemption 
Amount),] 
any 
premium 
payable in respect of a Note and any other 
amount in the nature of principal payable 
pursuant to these Conditions. 
(ii) 
Jede Bezugnahme auf „Zinsen” 
wird so behandelt, als schließe 
sie [alle gemäß § 3 (Verspätete 
Zahlung 
des 
Rückzahlungsbetrages) 
zusätzlich zahlbare Beträge auf 
Zinsen und] alle [anderen] 
gemäß diesen Bedingungen zu 
zahlenden 
Beträge 
mit 
Zinscharakter ein. 
(ii) 
Any reference to “interest” shall be deemed 
to include [any additional amounts in 
respect of interest which may be payable 
under § 3 (Late Payment of Redemption 
Amount) and] any [other] amount in the 
nature of interest payable pursuant to these 
Conditions. 
 
Steuerhoheit: Sofern die Emittentin zu 
irgendeinem Zeitpunkt einer anderen 
Steuerhoheit als der der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
unterliegt, 
sind 
die 
Hinweise in diesen Bedingungen auf die 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
als 
Hinweise 
auf 
die 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland und/oder auf die jeweilige 
andere Steuerhoheit anzusehen. 
(c) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at 
any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the 
Federal Republic of Germany, references in these 
Conditions to The Federal Republic of Germany 
shall be construed as references to the Federal 
Republic of Germany and/or such other jurisdiction. 
§ 7 
Kündigungsgründe 
§ 7 
Events of Default 
Wenn eines der folgenden Ereignisse auftritt und 
andauert: 
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing: 
 
Nichtzahlung: die Emittentin zahlt den 
jeweiligen Kapitalbetrag der Schuld-
verschreibungen am Fälligkeitstag für 
die Zahlung von Kapital nicht oder 
entrichtet 
nicht 
den 
jeweiligen 
Zinsbetrag 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen innerhalb von 
10 Tagen nach dem Fälligkeitstag für die 
Zahlung von Zinsen; oder 
(a) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of 
principal in respect of the Notes on the due date for 
payment thereof or fails to pay any amount of 
interest in respect of the Notes within 10 days of the 
due date for payment thereof; or 
 
Verletzung sonstiger Verpflichtungen: 
die Emittentin gerät bei der Erfüllung 
und 
Einhaltung 
ihrer 
sonstigen 
wesentlichen Verpflichtungen unter den 
Schuldverschreibungen in Verzug und 
ein derartiger Verzug dauert länger als 
30 
Tage, 
nachdem 
hierüber 
eine 
Mitteilung eines Anleihegläubigers in 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer defaults in the 
performance or observance of any of its other 
obligations in any material respect under the Notes 
and such default remains unremedied for 30 days 
after notice thereof in text form (Textform), 
addressed to the Issuer by any Noteholder, has been 
delivered to the Issuer; or

--- Page 104 ---
102 
 
 
Textform, adressiert an die Emittentin, 
der Emittentin zugestellt wurde; oder 
 
Drittverzug der Emittentin oder einer 
Tochtergesellschaft: 
(c) 
Cross-default of Issuer or Subsidiary: 
(i) 
eine wie in § 2[(b)] definierte 
Verbindlichkeit der Emittentin 
oder 
einer 
ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften (wie in 
§ 2[(b)] definiert) wird bei 
Fälligkeit oder gegebenenfalls 
innerhalb einer ursprünglich 
vereinbarten und anwendbaren 
Nachfrist nicht beglichen; 
(i) 
any Indebtedness (as defined in § 2[(b)]) of 
the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries (as 
defined in § 2[(b)] is not paid when due or 
(as the case may be) within any originally 
agreed and applicable grace period; 
(ii) 
eine derartige Verbindlichkeit 
wird aufgrund einer Nicht- oder 
Schlechterfüllung 
der 
Emittentin oder einer ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften vor ihrem 
ursprünglich 
angegebenen 
Fälligkeitstermin 
bzw. 
vor 
Ablauf 
einer 
gewährten 
Nachfrist fällig und zahlbar; 
oder 
(ii) 
any such Indebtedness becomes due and 
payable prior to its original stated maturity 
or prior to the expiry of any further period 
for performance (Nachfrist) that may be 
granted as a result of non-performance 
(Nichterfüllung) or defective performance 
(Schlechterfüllung) by the Issuer or any of 
its Subsidiaries; or 
(iii) 
die Emittentin oder eine ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften 
versäumen es, innerhalb von 10 
Tagen 
aus 
einer 
fällig 
gewordenen 
Garantie-
verpflichtung Zahlung für eine 
Verbindlichkeit zu leisten, es sei 
denn, die Emittentin bestreitet in 
gutem 
Glauben, 
dass 
die 
Zahlungsverpflichtung besteht 
oder 
fällig 
ist 
bzw. 
die 
Garantieverpflichtung 
berechtigterweise 
geltend 
gemacht wird; 
(iii) 
the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries fails to 
pay within 10 days of the due date any 
amount payable by it under any guarantee of 
any Indebtedness unless the Issuer is 
disputing in good faith that it is obliged to 
make such payment or that such payment is 
due or that such guarantee has been properly 
demanded; 
vorausgesetzt, 
dass 
der 
Betrag 
der 
Verbindlichkeiten, auf die unter (i) und/oder 
unter (ii) Bezug genommen wird und/oder der 
unter 
einer 
Garantieverpflichtung 
zahlbare 
Betrag, auf den unter (iii) Bezug genommen 
wird, einzeln oder insgesamt EUR 75.000.000 
(oder den Gegenwert in einer oder mehreren 
Währung(en)) übersteigt; oder 
provided that the amount of Indebtedness referred to in sub-
paragraph (i) and/or sub-paragraph (ii) above and/or the 
amount payable under any guarantee referred to in sub-
paragraph (iii) above individually or in the aggregate exceeds 
EUR 75,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or 
currencies); or 
 
Nicht erfülltes Urteil: ein(e) oder 
mehrere Urteil(e) oder Verfügung(en), 
gegen das/die nach dem anwendbaren 
Recht keine weiteren Berufungen oder 
gerichtliche 
Überprüfungen 
zulässig 
ist/sind, 
wird/werden 
gegen 
die 
Emittentin 
oder 
ihre 
(d) 
Unsatisfied judgment: one or more judgment(s) or 
order(s) from which no further appeal or judicial 
review is permissible under applicable law for the 
payment of an aggregate amount in excess of 
EUR 75,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency or currencies) is/are rendered against the 
Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries and continue(s)

--- Page 105 ---
103 
 
 
Tochtergesellschaften für Zahlungen in 
einem 
Gesamtbetrag 
erwirkt, 
der 
EUR 75.000.000 (oder den Gegenwert 
in einer oder mehreren Währung(en)) 
übersteigt, und dieser Betrag wird in 
einem Zeitraum von 30 Tagen nach 
Rechtskraft, oder, falls das/ die Urteil(e) 
oder die Verfügung(en) einen späteren 
Zahlungstermin vorsieht/vorsehen, bis 
zu diesem benannten Zahlungstag, nicht 
bezahlt oder die Zahlungsaufforderung 
nicht ausgesetzt wird; oder 
unsatisfied and unstayed for a period of 30 days after 
the date(s) on which it or they become(s) final or, if 
later, the date therein specified for payment; or 
 
Insolvenz usw.: (i) gegen die Emittentin 
oder eine ihrer Tochtergesellschaften, 
deren Bilanzsumme jeweils ein Prozent 
der konsolidierten Bilanzsumme der 
METRO AG übersteigt, wird ein 
Insolvenz- oder Vergleichsverfahren 
(oder ähnliches Verfahren) gerichtlich 
eröffnet, das nicht innerhalb von 20 
Tagen 
nach 
dessen 
Eröffnung 
aufgehoben oder ausgesetzt worden ist; 
oder (ii) die Emittentin oder eine ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften, deren Bilanz-
summe 
jeweils 
ein 
Prozent 
der 
konsolidierten 
Bilanzsumme 
der 
METRO AG übersteigt, beantragt ein 
solches Verfahren oder stellt ihre 
Zahlungen 
ein 
oder 
bietet 
einen 
generellen Vergleich mit der Gesamtheit 
ihrer Anleihegläubiger an; oder (iii) die 
Emittentin 
oder 
eine 
ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften, 
deren 
Bilanzsumme jeweils ein Prozent der 
konsolidierten 
Bilanzsumme 
der 
METRO AG übersteigt, stellt ihren 
gesamten 
Betrieb 
oder 
einen 
wesentlichen Teil des Betriebes ein oder 
kündigt die Einstellung ihres gesamten 
oder eines wesentlichen Teils ihres 
Betriebes an oder verkauft oder verfügt 
über alle ihre Vermögenswerte oder 
einen wesentlichen Teil davon und (A) 
verringert damit wesentlich den Wert 
ihrer Vermögenswerte und (B) aus 
diesem Grund wird es wahrscheinlich, 
dass 
die 
Emittentin 
ihre 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen gegenüber den 
Anleihegläubigern 
nicht 
erfüllt 
(ausgenommen 
im 
Falle 
einer 
Tochtergesellschaft 
der 
Emittentin 
zwecks oder gemäß einer Fusion, 
Sanierung 
oder 
Umstrukturierung, 
während sie zahlungsfähig ist); oder 
(e) 
Insolvency etc: (i) insolvency or bankruptcy 
proceedings 
(or 
similar 
proceedings) 
are 
commenced by any court of law against the Issuer or 
any of its Subsidiaries, the total assets of which 
exceed one per cent. of the consolidated total assets 
of METRO AG, and are not dismissed or stayed 
within 20 days of their commencement; or (ii) the 
Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries, the total assets of 
which exceed one per cent. of the consolidated total 
assets of METRO AG, applies for such proceedings 
to be commenced or declares a cessation of 
payments or proposes a general composition with all 
its creditors; or (iii) the Issuer or any of its 
Subsidiaries, the total assets of which exceed one per 
cent. of the consolidated total assets of METRO AG, 
ceases or announces its intention to cease to carry on 
all or a substantial part of its business operations or 
sells or disposes of its assets or a substantial part 
thereof and (A) thereby diminishes materially the 
value of its assets and (B) for this reason it becomes 
likely that the Issuer may not fulfil its payment 
obligations to the Noteholders (otherwise than, in the 
case of a Subsidiary of the Issuer, for the purposes 
of or pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation or 
restructuring whilst solvent); or

--- Page 106 ---
104 
 
 
 
Abwicklung usw.: eine Verfügung oder 
ein rechtswirksamer Beschluss ergeht 
über die Abwicklung, Liquidation oder 
Auflösung der Emittentin oder einer 
ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften, 
deren 
Bilanzsumme jeweils ein Prozent der 
konsolidierten 
Bilanzsumme 
der 
METRO AG übersteigt, ausgenommen 
(i) im Falle einer Tochtergesellschaft der 
Emittentin zwecks oder gemäß einer 
Fusion, 
Sanierung 
oder 
Umstrukturierung, 
während 
sie 
zahlungsfähig ist; oder (ii) im Falle der 
Emittentin, zwecks oder gemäß einer 
Fusion, 
Sanierung 
oder 
Umstrukturierung, 
während 
sie 
zahlungsfähig 
ist, 
und 
die 
neue 
Gesellschaft (im Falle der Emittentin) 
übernimmt alle Verpflichtungen, die 
sich aus diesen Bedingungen ergeben; 
oder 
(f) 
Winding up etc.: an order is made or an effective 
resolution is passed for the winding up, liquidation 
or dissolution of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries, 
the total assets of which exceed one per cent. of the 
consolidated total assets of METRO AG, otherwise 
than, (i) in the case of a Subsidiary of the Issuer, for 
the purposes of or pursuant to an amalgamation, 
reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent; or (ii) 
in the case of the Issuer, otherwise than for the 
purposes of or pursuant to an amalgamation, 
reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent and the 
new company (in the case of the Issuer) assumes all 
obligations arising from these Conditions; or 
 
Gesetzwidrigkeit: die Erfüllung oder 
Einhaltung einer ihrer Verpflichtungen 
aus den Schuldverschreibungen ist oder 
wird 
für 
die 
Emittentin 
eine 
gesetzwidrige Handlung; 
(g) 
Unlawfulness: it is or will become unlawful for the 
Issuer to perform or comply with any of its 
obligations arising out of the Notes;  
kann durch eine Mitteilung des jeweiligen 
Anleihegläubigers in Textform, adressiert an die 
Emittentin, die der Emittentin zugestellt wird, 
jede Schuldverschreibung ab Zugang dieser 
Mitteilung als unverzüglich fällig und für zahlbar 
erklärt werden, worauf sie unverzüglich und 
ohne jede weitere Handlung oder Formalität 
fällig 
und 
mit 
ihrem 
Vorzeitigen 
Kündigungsbetrag, 
zusammen 
mit 
den 
gegebenenfalls aufgelaufenen Zinsen, zahlbar 
wird. 
then any Note may, by notice in text form (Textform) 
addressed by the respective Noteholder to the Issuer and 
delivered to the Issuer, be declared immediately due and 
payable, and it shall upon receipt of such notice become 
immediately due and payable at its Early Termination 
Amount together with accrued interest (if any) without 
further action or formality. 
„Vorzeitiger Kündigungsbetrag” ist in Bezug 
auf jede Schuldverschreibung ihre Festgelegte 
Stückelung. 
“Early Termination Amount” means, in respect of any 
Note, its Specified Denomination. 
§ 8 
Vorlegung, Verjährung und Hinterlegung 
§ 8 
Presentation, Prescription and Deposit 
 
Vorlegungsfrist: Die Frist für die 
Vorlegung der Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB wird 
auf 10 Jahre verkürzt. 
(a) 
Presentation period: The period for presentation of 
Notes due, as established in Section 801 paragraph 1 
sentence 1 of the German Civil Code, is reduced to 
ten years. 
 
Verjährungsfrist: Die Frist für die 
Verjährung der Zahlungen von Kapital 
oder 
Zinsen 
unter 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen, die während der 
Vorlegungsfrist zur Zahlung vorgelegt 
(b) 
Prescription period: The period for prescription for 
the payment of principal or interest under the Notes 
presented for payment during the presentation period

--- Page 107 ---
105 
 
 
werden, beträgt zwei Jahre, beginnend 
mit dem Ende des entsprechenden 
Vorlegungszeitraums. 
shall be two years beginning at the end of the 
relevant presentation period. 
§ 9 
Emissionsstelle[,][und] Zahlstelle(n) [und 
Berechnungsstelle] 
§ 9 
Fiscal Agent[,][and] Paying Agent(s) [and Calculation 
Agent] 
 
Bestellung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle: 
Die 
Emissionsstelle 
[,][und] 
die 
Zahlstelle [und die Berechnungsstelle] 
sind nachstehend mit den benannten 
anfänglichen 
Geschäftsstellen 
aufgeführt: 
(a) 
Appointment, specified office: The Fiscal Agent 
[,][and] the Paying Agent [and the Calculation 
Agent] and their respective initial specified offices 
are as follows: 
„Emissionsstelle” und „Zahlstelle”: 
“Fiscal Agent” and “Paying Agent”: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Deutschland 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
[„Berechnungsstelle”: 
[“Calculation Agent”:
[●]] 
[●]] 
 
Änderung 
der 
Bestellung 
oder 
Abberufung: Die Emittentin behält sich 
das Recht vor, jederzeit zusätzliche 
Zahlstellen 
(gemeinsam 
mit 
der 
vorgenannten 
Zahlstelle, 
die 
„Zahlstellen” 
und 
jede 
eine 
„Zahlstelle”) zu benennen. 
(b) 
Variation or termination of appointment: The Issuer 
reserves the right at any time to appoint additional 
paying agents (together with the Paying Agent 
specified above, the “Paying Agents” and each a 
“Paying Agent”). 
Die Emittentin behält sich ferner das 
Recht 
vor, 
die 
Ernennung 
der 
Emissionsstelle [,][und] der Zahlstellen 
[und der Berechnungsstelle] jederzeit 
anders zu regeln oder zu beenden. 
The Issuer further reserves the right at any time to 
vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal 
Agent [,][and] any Paying Agent [and the 
Calculation Agent]. 
Die Emittentin wird sicherstellen, dass 
jederzeit (i) eine Emissionsstelle [und 
eine 
Berechnungsstelle], 
(ii) 
eine 
Zahlstelle mit einer Geschäftsstelle in 
einer Stadt auf dem europäischen 
Festland 
und 
(iii) 
so 
lange 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
auf 
Veranlassung der Emittentin an einer 
Börse notiert werden, eine Zahlstelle mit 
einer benannten Geschäftsstelle in dem 
von 
der 
betreffenden 
Börse 
vorgeschriebenen Land bestimmt ist. 
Die Emissionsstelle [,][und] etwaige 
Zahlstellen [und die Berechnungsstelle] 
behalten sich das Recht vor, jederzeit 
anstelle 
ihrer 
jeweils 
benannten 
Geschäftsstelle 
eine 
andere 
Geschäftsstelle im selben Land zu 
The Issuer will at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal 
Agent [and a Calculation Agent] (ii) a Paying Agent 
with a specified office in a continental European city 
and (iii) so long as the Notes are listed on a stock 
exchange at the initiative of the Issuer, a Paying 
Agent with a specified office in such country as may 
be required by the rules of the relevant stock 
exchange. The Fiscal Agent [,][and] any Paying 
Agent [and the Calculation Agent] reserve the right 
at any time to change their respective specified 
offices to some other specified office in the same 
country. Notice of all changes in the identities or 
specified offices of the Fiscal Agent or any Paying 
Agent will be given promptly by the Issuer to the 
Noteholders in accordance with § 12.

--- Page 108 ---
106 
 
 
bestimmen. 
Bekanntmachungen 
hinsichtlich aller Veränderungen im 
Hinblick auf die Emissionsstelle und 
etwaige 
Zahlstellen 
erfolgen 
unverzüglich 
durch 
die 
Emittentin 
gemäß § 12. 
 
Erfüllungsgehilfe(n) der Emittentin: Die 
Emissionsstelle 
[,][und] 
die 
Zahlstelle(n) 
[und 
die 
Berechnungsstelle] 
handeln 
ausschließlich 
als 
Beauftragte 
der 
Emittentin und übernehmen keinerlei 
Verpflichtungen 
gegenüber 
dem 
Anleihegläubiger; 
es 
wird 
kein 
Auftrags- 
oder 
Treuhandverhältnis 
zwischen 
ihnen 
und 
dem 
Anleihegläubiger begründet. 
(c) 
Agent of the Issuer: The Fiscal Agent [,][and] any 
Paying Agent(s) [and the Calculation Agent] act 
solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any 
obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust 
for the Noteholder. 
Die 
Emissionsstelle 
[,][und] 
die 
Zahlstelle(n) 
[und 
die 
Berechnungsstelle] können den Rat 
eines oder mehrerer Rechtsanwälte oder 
anderer 
Sachverständiger 
einholen, 
deren Beratung oder Dienste sie für 
notwendig hält, und sich auf eine solche 
Beratung verlassen. Die Emissionsstelle 
[,][und] die Zahlstelle(n) [und die 
Berechnungsstelle] übernehmen keine 
Haftung 
gegenüber 
den 
Anleihegläubigern im Zusammenhang 
mit Handlungen, die in gutem Glauben 
im Einklang mit einer solchen Beratung 
getätigt, 
unterlassen 
oder 
geduldet 
wurden. 
The Fiscal Agent [,][and] the Paying Agent(s) [and 
the Calculation Agent] may engage the advice or 
services of any lawyers or other experts whose 
advice or services it deems necessary and may rely 
upon any advice so obtained. Neither the Fiscal 
Agent nor the Paying Agent [nor the Calculation 
Agent] will incur any liability as against the 
Noteholders in respect of any action taken, or not 
taken, or suffered to be taken, or not taken, in 
accordance with such advice in good faith. 
§ 10 
Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen 
§ 10 
Further Issues 
Die Emittentin kann ohne Zustimmung der 
Anleihegläubiger 
weitere 
Schuldverschreibungen mit in jeder Hinsicht 
identischen Bedingungen (oder in jeder Hinsicht 
mit Ausnahme der ersten Zinszahlung) begeben, 
die 
dann 
eine 
einzige 
Serie 
mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen bilden. 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, create and issue further notes having the same 
terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all 
respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to form 
a single series with the Notes. 
§ 11 
Ersetzung der Emittentin 
§ 11 
Substitution of the Issuer 
 
Die Emittentin ist jederzeit berechtigt, 
ohne Zustimmung der Anleihegläubiger 
ein mit ihr verbundenes Unternehmen 
(wie unten definiert) als Emittentin (die 
„Neue Emittentin”) hinsichtlich aller 
Verpflichtungen aus oder in Verbindung 
(a) 
The Issuer shall be entitled at any time without the 
consent of the Noteholders to be substituted as Issuer 
by any Affiliate (as defined below) (the “New 
Issuer”) in respect of all obligations arising from or 
in connection with the Notes, provided that:

--- Page 109 ---
107 
 
 
mit den Schuldverschreibungen an die 
Stelle der Emittentin zu setzen, sofern: 
(i) 
die 
Neue 
Emittentin 
alle 
Verpflichtungen der Emittentin 
aus oder in Verbindung mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
über-
nimmt; 
(i) 
the New Issuer assumes all obligations of 
the Issuer arising from or in connection with 
the Notes; 
(ii) 
die Neue Emittentin alle etwa 
notwendigen 
Genehmigungen 
von den zuständigen Behörden 
erhalten hat, wonach die Neue 
Emittentin alle Beträge, die zur 
Erfüllung der aus oder in 
Verbindung mit den Schuld-
verschreibungen 
entstehenden 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
erforderlich 
sind, 
in 
der 
Emissionswährung oder einer 
anderen 
erforderlichen 
Währung ohne Einbehalt an der 
Quelle oder Abzug an der 
Quelle von Steuern, Gebühren 
oder Abgaben an die jeweilige 
Zahlstelle transferieren darf; 
und 
(ii) 
the New Issuer has obtained any necessary 
authorisation from the competent authorities 
to the effect that the New Issuer may transfer 
to the relevant Paying Agent in the Issue 
Currency or other relevant currency without 
the withholding at source or deduction at 
source 
of 
any 
taxes, 
fees, 
duties, 
assessments or other governmental charges 
all amounts required for the performance of 
the payment obligations arising from or in 
connection with the Notes; and 
(iii) 
die 
Neue 
Emittentin 
sich 
verpflichtet 
hat, 
jeden 
Anleihegläubiger 
hinsichtlich 
solcher Steuern, Abgaben oder 
behördlichen 
Lasten 
freizustellen, 
die 
einem 
Anleihegläubiger bezüglich der 
Ersetzung auferlegt werden;  
(iii) 
the New Issuer has agreed to indemnify and 
hold harmless each Noteholder against any 
tax, duty, assessment or governmental 
charge imposed on such Noteholder in 
respect of such substitution;  
(iv) 
die Emittentin unwiderruflich 
und unbedingt gegenüber jedem 
Anleihegläubiger die Zahlung 
aller von der Neuen Emittentin 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren Beträge garantiert; 
und 
(iv) 
the Issuer irrevocably and unconditionally 
guarantees in favour of each Noteholder the 
payment of all sums payable by the 
Substitute Debtor in respect of the Notes; 
and 
(v) 
der Emissionsstelle ein oder 
mehrere Rechtsgutachten von 
anerkannten 
Rechtsanwälten 
vorgelegt 
werden, 
welche 
bestätigen, 
dass 
die 
Bestimmungen 
in 
den 
vorstehenden Unterabsätzen (i) 
bis (iv) erfüllt wurden. 
(v) 
there shall have been delivered to the Fiscal 
Agent an opinion of lawyers of recognised 
standing to the effect that subparagraphs (i) 
to (iv) above have been satisfied. 
Für 
die 
Zwecke 
dieses 
§ 11 
bedeutet 
“verbundenes Unternehmen” ein verbundenes 
Unternehmen im Sinne von § 15 Aktiengesetz. 
For purposes of this § 11, “Affiliate” shall mean any 
affiliated company (verbundenes Unternehmen) within the 
meaning of § 15 Aktiengesetz (German Stock Corporation 
Act).

--- Page 110 ---
108 
 
 
 
Im 
Falle 
einer 
solchen 
Schuldnerersetzung gilt jede in diesen 
Bedingungen enthaltene Bezugnahme 
auf 
die 
Emittentin 
fortan 
als 
Bezugnahme auf die Neue Emittentin, 
und jede Bezugnahme auf das Land der 
Emittentin in den §§ 4(b) (Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen) 
und 6 (Besteuerung) gilt fortan als 
Bezugnahme auf das Land, in dem die 
Neue Emittentin ihren Sitz hat oder, falls 
abweichend, als Steuerinländerin gilt. 
(b) 
In the event of such substitution, any reference in 
these Terms and Conditions to the Issuer shall from 
then on be deemed to refer to the New Issuer and any 
reference to the Issuer’s country of domicile in 
§§ 4(b) (Early redemption for reasons of taxation) 
and 6 (Taxation) shall from then on be deemed to 
refer to the country where the New Issuer is 
domiciled or, if different, is treated as resident for 
tax purposes. 
 
Eine Schuldnerersetzung gemäß Absatz 
(a) ist für die Anleihegläubiger bindend 
und ist unverzüglich gemäß § 12 
(Bekanntmachungen) 
bekannt 
zu 
machen. 
(c) 
Any substitution effected in accordance with 
paragraph (a) shall be binding on the Noteholders 
and shall be notified promptly in accordance with 
§ 12 (Notices). 
 
Im Übrigen gelten durch eine solche 
Schuldnerersetzung 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
insoweit 
als 
abgeändert, als es für die Wirksamkeit 
der Schuldnerersetzung erforderlich ist. 
(d) 
As of the rest of the issues, upon any such 
substitution, the Notes shall be deemed to be 
modified to the extent necessary for rendering the 
substitution effective. 
§ 12 
Bekanntmachungen 
§ 12 
Notices 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die an der 
offiziellen Liste der Luxemburger Börse notiert 
und zum Handel am Regulierten Mark (Bourse 
de Luxembourg) zugelassen sind, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
[In the case of Notes which are listed on the official list and 
admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (Bourse de Luxembourg) the 
following applies: 
 
Bekanntmachung. Alle die Schuldver-
schreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen 
erfolgen durch elektronische Publikation 
auf der Internetseite der Luxemburger 
Börse 
(www.luxse.com). 
Jede 
Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tag nach dem 
Tag der Veröffentlichung als wirksam 
erfolgt. 
(a) 
Publication. All notices concerning the Notes will be 
made by means of electronic publication on the 
internet website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com). Any notice so given will be 
deemed to have been validly given on the third day 
following the date of such publication. 
 
Mitteilungen an das Clearing System. 
Solange Schuldverschreibungen an der 
offiziellen Liste der Luxemburger Börse 
notiert und zum Handel am Regulierten 
Markt 
(Bourse 
de 
Luxembourg) 
zugelassen sind, findet § 12 Absatz (a) 
Anwendung. Soweit die Regeln der 
Luxemburger Börse dies zulassen, kann 
die Emittentin eine Veröffentlichung 
nach § 12 Absatz (a) durch eine 
Mitteilung an das Clearing System zur 
Weiterleitung an die Anleihegläubiger 
ersetzen; jede derartige Mitteilung gilt 
am fünften Tag nach dem Tag der 
(b) 
Notification to Clearing System. So long as any 
Notes are listed on the official list and admitted to 
trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (Bourse de Luxembourg), § 12(a) 
shall apply. If the rules of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange so permit, the Issuer may deliver the 
relevant notice to the Clearing System for 
communication by the Clearing System to the 
Noteholders, in lieu of publication as set forth in 
§ 12(a) above; any such notice shall be deemed to 
have been validly given on the fifth day after the day 
on which the said notice was given to the Clearing 
System.]

--- Page 111 ---
109 
 
 
Mitteilung an das Clearing System als 
den Anleihegläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht 
an einer Börse notiert sind, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
[In the case of Notes which are unlisted the following 
applies: 
 
Mitteilungen an das Clearing System. 
Die 
Emittentin 
wird 
alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden 
Mitteilungen an das Clearing System zur 
Weiterleitung an die Anleihegläubiger 
übermitteln. Jede derartige Mitteilung 
gilt am fünften Tag nach dem Tag der 
Mitteilung an das Clearing System als 
den Anleihegläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
(a) 
Notification to Clearing System. The Issuer shall 
deliver all notices concerning the Notes to the 
Clearing System for communication by the Clearing 
System to the Noteholders. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been validly given on the fifth day 
after the day on which the said notice was given to 
the Clearing System.] 
[(b)][(c)] 
Form 
der 
Mitteilung. 
Mitteilungen, 
die 
von 
einem 
Anleihegläubiger 
gemacht 
werden, 
müssen in Textform erfolgen und 
zusammen mit dem Nachweis seiner 
Inhaberschaft an die Emissionsstelle 
geleitet werden. Eine solche Mitteilung 
kann über das Clearing System in der 
von der Emissionsstelle und dem 
Clearing System dafür vorgesehenen 
Weise erfolgen. 
[(b)][(c)] 
Form of Notice. Notices to be given by any 
Noteholder shall be made in text form together with 
an evidence of the Noteholder’s entitlement to the 
Fiscal Agent. Such notice may be given through the 
Clearing System in such manner as the Fiscal Agent 
and the Clearing System may approve for such 
purpose. 
§ 13 
Änderung der Bedingungen, gemeinsamer 
Vertreter 
§ 13 
Amendment of the Conditions, Noteholders’ 
Representative 
 
Änderung 
der 
Bedingungen. 
Die 
Emittentin 
kann 
die 
Emissionsbedingungen mit Zustimmung 
aufgrund 
Mehrheitsbeschlusses 
der 
Anleihegläubiger nach Maßgabe der §§ 
5 ff. des deutschen Gesetzes über 
Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamt-
emissionen 
(„SchVG”) 
in 
seiner 
jeweiligen gültigen Fassung ändern. Die 
Anleihegläubiger können insbesondere 
einer Änderung wesentlicher Inhalte der 
Emissionsbedingungen, 
einschließlich 
der in § 5 Absatz 3 SchVG vorgesehenen 
Maßnahmen, 
mit 
den 
in 
dem 
nachstehenden 
§ 13(b) 
genannten 
Mehrheiten 
zustimmen. 
Ein 
ordnungsgemäß gefasster Mehrheits-
beschluss ist für alle Anleihegläubiger 
verbindlich. 
(a) 
Amendment of the Terms and Conditions. The Issuer 
may amend the Terms and Conditions with the 
consent of a majority resolution of the Noteholders 
pursuant to §§ 5 et seqq. of the German Act on Issues 
of 
Debt 
Securities 
(Gesetz 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen, 
“SchVG”), as amended from time to time. In 
particular, the Noteholders may consent to 
amendments which materially change the substance 
of the Terms and Conditions, including such 
measures as provided for under § 5(3) of the SchVG, 
by resolutions passed by such majority of the votes 
of the Noteholders as stated under § 13(b) below. A 
duly passed majority resolution will be binding upon 
all Noteholders. 
 
Mehrheitserfordernisse. Vorbehaltlich 
des nachstehenden Satzes und der 
Erreichung 
der 
erforderlichen 
Beschlussfähigkeit, 
beschließen 
die 
(b) 
Majority. Except as provided by the following 
sentence and provided that the quorum requirements 
are being met, the Noteholders may pass resolutions 
by simple majority of the voting rights participating

--- Page 112 ---
110 
 
 
Anleihegläubiger mit der einfachen 
Mehrheit der an der Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte. 
Beschlüsse, 
durch 
welche 
der 
wesentliche 
Inhalt 
der 
Emissionsbedingungen, insbesondere in 
den Fällen des § 5 Absatz 3 Nummer 1 
bis 9 SchVG, geändert wird, bedürfen zu 
ihrer Wirksamkeit einer Mehrheit von 
mindestens 
75 
% 
der 
an 
der 
Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte 
(eine 
„Qualifizierte 
Mehrheit”). 
in the vote. Resolutions which materially change the 
substance of the Terms and Conditions, in particular 
in the cases of § 5(3) numbers 1 through 9 of the 
SchVG, may only be passed by a majority of at least 
75 % of the voting rights participating in the vote 
(a “Qualified Majority”). 
 
Beschlüsse der Anleihegläubiger. Die 
Anleihegläubiger können Beschlüsse in 
einer Gläubigerversammlung gemäß §§ 
5 ff. SchVG oder im Wege einer 
Abstimmung ohne Versammlung gemäß 
§ 18 und § 5 ff. SchVG fassen. 
(c) 
Resolution of Noteholders. The Noteholders can 
pass 
resolutions 
in 
a 
meeting 
(Gläubigerversammlung) in accordance with §§ 5 et 
seqq. of the SchVG or by means of a vote without a 
meeting (Abstimmung ohne Versammlung) in 
accordance with § 18 and § 5 et seqq. of the SchVG. 
 
Die 
Einberufung 
zur 
Gläubiger-
versammlung kann vorsehen, dass die 
Teilnahme 
an 
der 
Gläubigerversammlung 
und 
die 
Ausübung der Stimmrechte von einer 
vorherigen 
Anmeldung 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
abhängig 
ist. 
In 
diesem Fall muss die Anmeldung unter 
der 
in 
der 
Bekanntmachung 
der 
Einberufung 
mitgeteilten 
Adresse 
spätestens zu dem in der Einberufung 
zur Gläubigerversammlung festgelegten 
Zeitpunkt 
vor 
der 
Gläubigerversammlung zugehen. Die 
Einberufung zur Gläubigerversammlung 
kann 
vorsehen, 
dass 
die 
Anleihegläubiger ihre Berechtigung zur 
Teilnahme an der Abstimmung durch 
einen in Textform erstellten besonderen 
Nachweis der Depotbank und durch 
Vorlage 
eines 
Sperrvermerks 
der 
Depotbank, aus dem hervorgeht, dass die 
betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen ab 
dem Tag der Absendung der Anmeldung 
(einschließlich) bis zum angegebenen 
Ende 
der 
Gläubigerversammlung 
(einschließlich) nicht übertragbar sind, 
nachweisen müssen. 
(aa) 
The convening notice to a meeting may stipulate that 
attendance at the meeting and exercise of voting 
rights is subject to the Noteholders’ registration. In 
this case, the registration must be received at the 
address stated in the convening notice no later than 
at the time, prior to the meeting, specified in the 
convening notice to a meeting. The convening notice 
to a meeting may stipulate that Noteholders must 
demonstrate their eligibility to participate in the vote 
by means of a special confirmation of the custodian 
hereof in text form and by submission of a blocking 
instruction by the depositary bank stating that the 
relevant Notes are not transferable from (and 
including) the day such registration has been sent 
until (and including) the stated end of the meeting. 
 
Zusammen 
mit 
der 
Stimmabgabe 
müssen 
die 
Anleihegläubiger 
ihre 
Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an der 
Abstimmung durch einen in Textform 
erstellten besonderen Nachweis der 
Depotbank und durch Vorlage eines 
Sperrvermerks der Depotbank, aus dem 
(bb) 
Together with casting their votes, Noteholders must 
demonstrate their eligibility to participate in the vote 
by means of a special confirmation of the custodian 
hereof in text form and by submission of a blocking 
instruction by the Custodian stating that the relevant 
Notes are not transferable from (and including) the

--- Page 113 ---
111 
 
 
hervorgeht, 
dass 
die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen ab dem Tag der 
Stimmabgabe (einschließlich) bis zum 
letzten Tag des Abstimmungszeitraums 
(einschließlich) nicht übertragbar sind, 
nachweisen. 
day such vote has been cast until (and including) the 
day the voting period ends. 
 
Zweite Versammlung. Wird für die 
Gläubigerversammlung 
gemäß 
§ 13(c)(aa) oder die Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung gemäß § 13(c)(bb) die 
mangelnde 
Beschlussfähigkeit 
festgestellt, kann – im Fall der 
Gläubigerversammlung 
– 
der 
Vorsitzende eine zweite Versammlung 
im Sinne von § 15 Absatz 3 Satz 2 
SchVG und – im Fall der Abstimmung 
ohne 
Versammlung 
– 
der 
Abstimmungsleiter 
eine 
zweite 
Versammlung im Sinne von § 15 Absatz 
3 Satz 3 SchVG einberufen. Die 
Teilnahme an der zweiten Versammlung 
und die Ausübung der Stimmrechte sind 
von einer vorherigen Anmeldung der 
Anleihegläubiger abhängig. Für die 
Anmeldung der Anleihegläubiger zu 
einer zweiten Versammlung gelten die 
Bestimmungen 
des 
§ 13(c)(aa) 
entsprechend. 
(d) 
Second Meeting. If it is ascertained that no quorum 
exists for the meeting pursuant to § 13(c)(aa) or the 
vote without a meeting pursuant to § 13(c)(bb), in 
case of a meeting, the chairman (Vorsitzender) may 
convene a second meeting in accordance with § 15 
paragraph 3 sentence 2 of the SchVG or, in case of a 
vote 
without 
a 
meeting, 
the 
scrutineer 
(Abstimmungsleiter) may convene a second meeting 
within the meaning of § 15 paragraph 3 sentence 3 
of the SchVG. Attendance at the second meeting and 
exercise of voting rights is subject to the 
Noteholders’ registration. The provisions set out in 
§ 13(c)(bb) shall apply mutatis mutandis to the 
Noteholders’ registration for a second meeting. 
 
Gemeinsamer Vertreter. 
(e) 
Noteholders’ Representative. 
[Falls kein gemeinsamer Vertreter in den 
Anleihebedingungen bestellt wird, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Die Anleihegläubiger können durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss zur Wahrnehmung ihrer 
Rechte einen gemeinsamen Vertreter (der 
„Gemeinsame 
Vertreter”) 
für 
alle 
Anleihegläubiger bestellen.] 
[If no Noteholders’ Representative is designated in the Terms 
and Conditions, the following applies: The Noteholders may 
by majority resolution appoint a common representative (the 
“Noteholders’ 
Representative”) 
to 
exercise 
the 
Noteholders’ rights on behalf of each Noteholders.] 
[Im Fall der Bestellung des gemeinsamen 
Vertreters in den Anleihebedingungen, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Der 
gemeinsame 
Vertreter 
ist 
[Gemeinsamer 
Vertreter] 
(der „Gemeinsame Vertreter”). Die Haftung 
des gemeinsamen Vertreters ist auf das 
Zehnfache 
seiner 
jährlichen 
Vergütung 
beschränkt, es sei denn, dem gemeinsamen 
Vertreter fällt Vorsatz oder grobe Fahrlässigkeit 
zur Last.] 
[If the Noteholders’ Representative is appointed in the Terms 
and Conditions, the following applies: The common 
representative (the “Noteholders’ Representative”) shall be 
[Noteholders’ 
Representative]. 
The 
liability 
of 
the 
Noteholders’ Representative shall be limited to ten times the 
amount of its annual remuneration, unless the Noteholders’ 
Representative has acted wilfully or with gross negligence.] 
Der gemeinsame Vertreter hat die Aufgaben und 
Befugnisse, welche ihm durch Gesetz oder von 
den 
Anleihegläubigern 
durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss eingeräumt wurden. Er hat 
die Weisungen der Anleihegläubigern zu 
befolgen. Soweit er zur Geltendmachung von 
Rechten der Anleihegläubigern ermächtigt ist, 
The Noteholders’ Representative shall have the duties and 
powers provided by law or granted by majority resolution of 
the Noteholders. The Noteholders’ Representative shall 
comply with the instructions of the Noteholders. To the 
extent that the Noteholders’ Representative has been 
authorised to assert certain rights of the Noteholders, the 
Noteholders shall not be entitled to assert such rights

--- Page 114 ---
112 
 
 
sind die einzelnen Anleihegläubigern zur 
selbständigen Geltendmachung dieser Rechte 
nicht befugt, es sei denn der Mehrheitsbeschluss 
sieht dies ausdrücklich vor. Über seine Tätigkeit 
hat 
der 
gemeinsame 
Vertreter 
den 
Anleihegläubigern 
zu 
berichten. 
Für 
die 
Abberufung und die sonstigen Rechte und 
Pflichten des gemeinsamen Vertreters gelten die 
Vorschriften des SchVG. 
themselves, unless explicitly provided for in the relevant 
majority resolution. The Noteholders’ Representative shall 
provide reports to the Noteholders on its activities. The 
regulations of the SchVG apply with regard to the recall and 
the other rights and obligations of the Noteholders’ 
Representative. 
 
Bekanntmachungen. 
Bekanntmachungen betreffend dieses 
§ 13 erfolgen ausschließlich gemäß den 
Bestimmungen des SchVG. 
(f) 
Notices. Any notices concerning this § 13 shall be 
made exclusively pursuant to the provisions of the 
SchVG. 
 
Erstreckung auf Garantie. Die oben 
aufgeführten 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen gelten entsprechend für 
die 
Bestimmungen 
einer 
etwaigen 
Garantie gemäß § 11(a)(iii). 
(g) 
Application to Guarantee. The provisions set out 
above applicable to the Notes shall apply mutatis 
mutandis to any guarantee granted pursuant to 
§ 11(a)(iii). 
§ 14 
Anwendbares Recht, Gerichtsstand  
§ 14 
Governing Law, Jurisdiction  
 
Anwendbares Recht: Die Schuldver-
schreibungen 
und 
alle 
daraus 
resultierenden Rechte und Pflichten 
unterliegen ausschließlich dem Recht 
der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland. 
Erfüllungsort ist Frankfurt am Main. 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes as well as all the rights 
and 
duties 
arising 
therefrom 
are 
governed 
exclusively by the laws of the Federal Republic of 
Germany. Place of performance is Frankfurt am 
Main. 
 
Gerichtsstand: Grundsätzlich ist nicht-
ausschließlicher Gerichtsstand für alle 
sich aus den in diesen Bedingungen 
geregelten 
Rechtsverhältnissen 
ergebenden Rechtsstreitigkeiten mit der 
Emittentin Frankfurt am Main. Dieser 
Gerichtsstand 
ist 
hingegen 
ausschließlich, soweit es sich um 
Rechtsstreitigkeiten handelt, die von 
Kaufleuten, juristischen Personen des 
öffentlichen 
Rechts, 
öffentlich-
rechtlichen 
Sondervermögen 
und 
Personen 
ohne 
allgemeinen 
Gerichtsstand in der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland angestrengt werden. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: The competent courts of Frankfurt am 
Main shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction for all 
litigation with the Issuer arising from the legal 
relations established in these Conditions; provided, 
however, that Frankfurt am Main shall be exclusive 
place of jurisdiction for all litigation which is 
brought by merchants (Kaufleute), legal persons 
under public law (juristische Personen des 
öffentlichen Rechts), special funds under public law 
(öffentlich-rechtliche Sondervermögen) and persons 
not subject to general jurisdiction of the courts of the 
Federal Republic of Germany (Personen ohne 
allgemeinen Gerichtsstand in der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland). 
§ 15 
Sprache 
§ 15 
Language 
[Falls die Emissionsbedingungen in deutscher 
Sprache mit einer Übersetzung in die englische 
Sprache abgefasst sind, einfügen: 
[If the Terms and Conditions shall be in the German 
language with an English language translation insert:

--- Page 115 ---
113 
 
 
Diese Emissionsbedingungen sind in deutscher 
Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche 
Text 
ist 
bindend 
und 
maßgeblich. 
Die 
Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist 
unverbindlich.] 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the German 
language and provided with an English language translation. 
The German text shall be controlling and binding. The 
English language translation is provided for convenience 
only.] 
[Falls die Emissionsbedingungen in englischer 
Sprache mit einer Übersetzung in die deutsche 
Sprache abgefasst sind, einfügen: 
[If the Terms and Conditions shall be in the English 
language with a German language translation insert: 
Diese Emissionsbedingungen sind in englischer 
Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die 
deutsche Sprache ist beigefügt. Der englische 
Text 
ist 
bindend 
und 
maßgeblich. 
Die 
Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist 
unverbindlich.] 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the English 
language and provided with a German language translation. 
The English text shall be controlling and binding. The 
German language translation is provided for convenience 
only.] 
[Falls die Emissionsbedingungen ausschließlich 
in deutscher Sprache abgefasst sind, einfügen: 
[If the Terms and Conditions shall be in the German 
language only insert: 
Diese 
Emissionsbedingungen 
sind 
ausschließlich in deutscher Sprache abgefasst.] 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the German 
language only.] 
[Falls die Emissionsbedingungen ausschließlich 
in englischer Sprache abgefasst sind, einfügen: 
[If the Terms and Conditions shall be in the English 
language only insert: 
Diese 
Emissionsbedingungen 
sind 
ausschließlich in englischer Sprache abgefasst.] 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the English 
language only.]

--- Page 116 ---
114 
 
 
Form of Final Terms 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
(MUSTER - ENDGÜLTIGE BEDINGUNGEN) 
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / [PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET] [RETAIL INVESTORS TARGET MARKET] – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties[,] 
[and] professional clients [[only/][and retail clients]], each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate [including investment 
advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] OR [(ii) all channels for 
distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels 
for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ 
and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market] Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the 
distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].][Insert further details 
on target market, client categories etc.] 
[MiFID 
II 
PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN 
/ 
[ZIELMARKT 
PROFESSIONELLE 
INVESTOREN UND GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN] [ZIELMARKT KLEINANLEGER] - Die 
Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen hat – ausschließlich für den Zweck des 
Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass (i) der Zielmarkt für 
die Schuldverschreibungen geeignete Gegenparteien[,] [und] professionelle Kunden [[nur/][und 
Kleinanleger]], jeweils im Sinne der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, „MiFID II”), 
umfasst; ENTWEDER [und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen angemessen sind 
[einschließlich 
Anlageberatung, 
Portfolio-Management, 
Verkäufe 
ohne 
Beratung 
und 
reine 
Ausführungsdienstleistungen] ODER [und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an 
professionelle Investoren und geeignete Gegenparteien angemessen sind und (iii) die folgenden Kanäle für den 
Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger angemessen sind – Anlageberatung[,/ und] Portfolio-
Management[,/ und] [Verkäufe ohne Beratung][und reine Ausführungsdienstleistungen][, nach Maßgabe der 
Pflichten des Vertriebsunternehmens unter MiFID II im Hinblick auf Geeignetheit bzw. Angemessenheit]]. 
[Negativen Zielmarkt berücksichtigen] Jede Person, die in der Folge die Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, 
verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein „Vertriebsunternehmen”) soll die Beurteilung des Zielmarkts [des/der] 
Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches MiFID II unterliegt, ist indes dafür 
verantwortlich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen 
(entweder durch die Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] 
Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene Vertriebskanäle[ nach Maßgabe der Pflichten des Vertriebsunternehmens 
unter MiFID II im Hinblick Geeignetheit bzw. Angemessenheit], zu bestimmen.][Weitere Details bezüglich 
Zielmarkt, Kundenkategorie etc. einfügen] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, the “MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended or 
superseded, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended or superseded, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may 
be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]

--- Page 117 ---
115 
 
 
[Vertriebsverbot an Privatinvestoren im EWR - Die Schuldverschreibungen sind nicht dazu bestimmt, dass sie 
Privatinvestoren im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum (der „EWR”) angeboten, verkauft oder auf anderem Wege 
zur Verfügung gestellt werden und die Schuldverschreibungen sollen dementsprechend Privatinvestoren im 
EWR nicht angeboten, verkauft oder auf anderem Wege zur Verfügung gestellt werden. Ein Privatinvestor im 
Sinne dieser Vorschrift ist eine Person, die mindestens einer der folgenden Kategorien zuzuordnen ist: (i) ein 
Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 4 Absatz 1 Nummer 11 von Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in ihrer jeweils gültigen 
Fassung, die „MiFID II”); (ii) ein Kunde im Sinne von Richtlinie 2016/97/EU (in ihrer jeweils gültigen oder 
ersetzten Fassung, die „Versicherungsvertriebs-Richtlinie”), der nicht als professioneller Kunde im Sinne von 
Artikel 4 Absatz 1 Nummer 10 MiFID II einzustufen ist; oder (iii) ein Anleger, der kein qualifizierter Anleger 
ist im Sinne der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, die „Prospektverordnung”). 
Folglich wurde kein Informationsdokument, wie nach Verordnung (EU) Nr. 1286/2014 (in ihrer jeweils gültigen 
Fassung, die „PRIIPs Verordnung”) für Angebote, Vertrieb und die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der 
Schuldverschreibungen an Privatinvestoren im EWR erforderlich, erstellt und dementsprechend könnte das 
Angebot, der Vertrieb oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung von Schuldverschreibungen an Privatinvestoren 
im EWR nach der PRIIPs-Verordnung unzulässig sein.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[Vertriebsverbot an Privatinvestoren im Vereinigten Königreich – Die Schuldverschreibungen sind nicht dazu 
bestimmt, dass sie Privatinvestoren im Vereinigten Königreich („GB”) angeboten, verkauft oder auf anderem 
Wege zur Verfügung gestellt werden und die Schuldverschreibungen sollen dementsprechend Privatinvestoren 
im EWR nicht angeboten, verkauft oder auf anderem Wege zur Verfügung gestellt werden. Ein Privatinvestor 
im Sinne dieser Vorschrift ist eine Person, die mindestens einer der folgenden Kategorien zuzuordnen ist: (i) 
ein Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 2 Nummer 8 von Verordnung (EU) Nr. 2017/565 in der Gestalt, in der 
diese Bestandteil nationalen Rechts auf der Grundlage des European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 („EUWA”) 
ist; (ii) ein Kunde im Sinne der Bestimmungen der FSMA und alle Regeln und Verordnungen gemäß FSMA zur 
Umsetzung der Richtlinie (EU) 2016/97, der nicht als professioneller Kunde im Sinne von Artikel 2 Absatz 1 
Nummer 8 der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014 in der Gestalt, in der diese Bestandteil nationalen Rechts auf 
der Grundlage des EUWA ist, einzustufen ist; oder (iii) ein Anleger, der kein qualifizierter Anleger ist im Sinne 
des Artikels 2 der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 2017/1129 in der Gestalt, in der diese Bestandteil nationalen Rechts 
auf der Grundlage des EUWA ist. Folglich wurde kein Informationsdokument, wie nach Verordnung (EU) 
Nr. 1286/2014 in der Gestalt, in der diese Bestandteil nationalen Rechts auf der Grundlage des EUWA ist, (die 
„GB PRIIPs Verordnung”) für Angebote, Vertrieb und die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der 
Schuldverschreibungen an Privatinvestoren in GB erforderlich, erstellt und dementsprechend könnte das 
Angebot, der Vertrieb oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung von Schuldverschreibungen an Privatinvestoren 
in GB nach der GB PRIIPs Verordnung unzulässig sein.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes 
is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (the 
“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target 
market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take

--- Page 118 ---
116 
 
 
into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[GB 
MIFIR 
PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN 
/ 
ZIELMARKT 
PROFESSIONELLE 
INVESTOREN UND GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN – Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen hat – ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] 
Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass (i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen ausschließlich 
geeignete Gegenparteien, wie im FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook („COBS”) definiert, und 
professionelle Kunden im Sinne der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014 in der Gestalt, in der diese Bestandteil 
nationalen Rechts auf der Grundlage des European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ist („GB MiFIR”), umfasst; 
und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle 
Investoren angemessen sind. [Negativen Zielmarkt berücksichtigen.] Jede Person, die in der Folge die 
Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein „Vertriebsunternehmen”) soll die Beurteilung 
des Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches dem FCA 
Handbook 
Product 
Intervention 
and 
Product 
Governance 
Sourcebook 
(die 
„GB 
MiFIR 
Produktüberwachungspflichten”) 
unterliegt, 
ist 
indes 
dafür 
verantwortlich, 
seine 
eigene 
Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder durch die 
Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und 
angemessene Vertriebskanäle zu bestimmen.] 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference to [EURIBOR®, which is currently provided 
by European Money Markets Institute (EMMI)] [●]. As at the date of these Final Terms, [EMMI] [●] does [not] 
appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011) (the "Benchmarks Regulation").] [●] 
[Die unter den Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge werden unter Bezugnahme auf den [EURIBOR®, der 
derzeit vom European Money Markets Institute (EMMI) zur Verfügung gestellt wird] [●], berechnet werden. 
Zum Zeitpunkt dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen erscheint [EMMI][●] [nicht] im Verzeichnis der 
Administratoren und Benchmarks, das von der Europäischen Wertpapier- und Marktaufsichtsbehörde 
(„ESMA”) gemäß Artikel 36 der Benchmark-Verordnung (Verordnung (EU) 2016/1011) (die „Benchmark-
Verordnung”) eingerichtet und verwaltet wird.][●] 
In case of Notes listed on the official list of and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange or publicly offered in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, the Final Terms of Notes will be 
displayed on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). In the case of Notes publicly 
offered in one or more member states of the European Economic Area other than the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg, the Final Terms will be displayed on the website of METRO AG (www.metroag.de).

--- Page 119 ---
117 
 
 
[Date] 
[Datum] 
Final Terms  
Endgültige Bedingungen 
METRO AG 
Legal Entity Identifier: 5299006EQ03K3SSUYS12 
[Title of relevant Tranche of Notes] 
[Bezeichnung der betreffenden Tranche der Schuldverschreibungen] 
Series No.: [  ] / Tranche No.: [  ]  
Serien Nr.: [  ] / Tranche Nr.: [  ] 
Issue Date: [  ]5  
Tag der Begebung: [  ]6 
Trade Date: [  ] 
Handelstag: [  ] 
issued pursuant to the EUR 5,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme dated 11 February 2025 
of METRO AG 
begeben aufgrund des EUR 5.000.000.000 Debt Issuance Programme vom 11. Februar 2025 
der METRO AG 
 
5 
The Issue Date is the date of payment and issue of the Notes. In the case of free delivery, the Issue Date is the 
delivery date. 
6 
Der Tag der Begebung ist der Tag, an dem die Schuldverschreibungen begeben und bezahlt werden. Bei freier 
Lieferung ist der Tag der Begebung der Tag der Lieferung.

--- Page 120 ---
118 
 
 
Important Notice 
These Final Terms have been prepared for the purpose of Article 8 (5) in connection with Article 25 (4) of the 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, and must be read 
in conjunction with the Base Prospectus pertaining to the Programme dated 11 February 2025 [and the 
supplement(s) dated [●]] (the “Base Prospectus”). The Base Prospectus and any supplement thereto are 
available for viewing in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) 
and on the website of METRO AG (www.metroag.de) and copies may be obtained from METRO AG, Metro-
Strasse 1, 40235 Düsseldorf, Germany. Full information is only available on the basis of the combination of the 
Base Prospectus, any supplement and these Final Terms. [An issue-specific summary of the individual issue of 
the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.]7 
Wichtiger Hinweis 
Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen wurden für die Zwecke von Artikel 8 (5) i.V.m. Artikel 25 (4) der Verordnung 
(EU) 2017/1129 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 14. Juni 2017, abgefasst und sind in 
Verbindung mit dem Basisprospekt vom 11. Februar 2025 über das Programm [und dem (den) Nachtrag 
(Nachträgen) dazu vom [●]] (der „Basisprospekt”) zu lesen. Der Basisprospekt sowie etwaige Nachträge 
können in elektronischer Form auf der Internetseite der Luxemburger Börse (www.luxse.com) und der 
Internetseite der METRO AG (www.metroag.de) eingesehen werden. Kopien sind erhältlich unter METRO AG, 
Metro-Straße 1, 40235 Düsseldorf, Deutschland. Um sämtliche Angaben zu erhalten, sind die Endgültigen 
Bedingungen, der Basisprospekt und etwaige Nachträge im Zusammenhang zu lesen. [Eine 
transaktionsspezifische Zusammenfassung der einzelnen Emission der Schuldverschreibungen ist diesen 
Endgültigen Bedingungen angefügt.]8 
 
7 
Not applicable in the case of an issue of Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
8 
Nicht anwendbar im Fall einer Emission von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Festgelegten Stückelung in Höhe 
von mindestens EUR 100.000.

--- Page 121 ---
119 
 
 
Part I: TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
Teil I: EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN 
[In the case the options applicable to the relevant Tranche of Notes are to be determined by replicating 
the relevant provisions set forth in the Terms and Conditions contained in the Base Prospectus as Option I 
or Option II including certain further options contained therein, respectively, and completing the 
relevant placeholders, insert:9 
Falls die für die betreffende Tranche von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen durch Wiederholung 
der Bestimmungen, die in den im Basisprospekt unter den Emissionsbedingungen (Option I oder Option II 
(einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen)) enthalten sind, bestimmt und die 
betreffenden Leerstellen vervollständigt werden, einfügen:10 
The terms and conditions applicable to the Notes (the “Conditions”), and the [German] [English] language 
translation thereof, are as set out below. 
Die für die Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Emissionsbedingungen (die „Bedingungen”) sowie die 
[deutschsprachige][englischsprachige] Übersetzung sind wie nachfolgend aufgeführt. 
[In the case of Notes with fixed interest rates replicate here the relevant provisions of Option I including relevant 
further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders.] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung hier die betreffenden Angaben der Option I 
(einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen vervollständigen.] 
[In the case of Notes with floating interest rates replicate here the relevant provisions of Option II including 
relevant further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders.] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung hier die betreffenden Angaben der Option II 
(einschließlich 
der 
betreffenden 
weiteren 
Optionen) 
wiederholen 
und 
betreffende 
Leerstellen 
vervollständigen.]] 
In the case the options applicable to the relevant Tranche of Notes are to be determined by referring to 
the relevant provisions set forth in the Base Prospectus as Option I or Option II including certain further 
options contained therein, respectively, insert: 
Falls die für die betreffende Tranche von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen, die durch Verweisung 
auf die betreffenden im Basisprospekt als Option I oder Option II aufgeführten Angaben (einschließlich der 
jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) bestimmt werden, einfügen: 
This Part I of the Final Terms is to be read in conjunction with the set of Terms and Conditions that apply to 
Notes with [fixed] [floating] interest rates (the “Terms and Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus as 
[Option I] [Option II]. Capitalised terms shall have the meanings specified in the Terms and Conditions. 
Dieser Teil I der Endgültigen Bedingungen ist in Verbindung mit dem Satz der Emissionsbedingungen, der auf 
Schuldverschreibungen mit [fester] [variabler] Verzinsung Anwendung findet (die „Emissionsbedingungen”), 
zu lesen, der als [Option I] [Option II] im Basisprospekt enthalten ist. Begriffe, die in den 
Emissionsbedingungen definiert sind, haben dieselbe Bedeutung, wenn sie in diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen 
verwendet werden. 
 
9 
To be determined in consultation with the Issuer. It is anticipated that this type of documenting the Conditions 
will be required where the Notes are to be publicly offered, in whole or in part, or to be initially distributed, in 
whole or in part, to non-qualified investors. Delete all references to B. Part I of the Final Terms including 
numbered paragraphs and subparagraphs of the Terms and Conditions. 
10 
In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin festzulegen. Es ist vorgesehen, dass diese Form der Dokumentation der 
Bedingungen erforderlich ist, wenn die Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt oder teilweise anfänglich an nicht 
qualifizierte Anleger verkauft oder öffentlich angeboten werden. Alle Bezugnahmen auf B. Teil I der Endgültigen 
Bedingungen einschließlich der Paragraphen und Absätze der Emissionsbedingungen entfernen.

--- Page 122 ---
120 
 
 
All references in this Part I of the Final Terms to numbered paragraphs and subparagraphs are to paragraphs 
and subparagraphs of the Terms and Conditions. 
Bezugnahmen in diesem Teil I der Endgültigen Bedingungen auf Paragraphen und Absätze beziehen sich auf 
die Paragraphen und Absätze der Emissionsbedingungen. 
The blanks in the provisions of the Terms and Conditions, which are applicable to the Notes shall be deemed to 
be completed by the information contained in the Final Terms as if such information were inserted in the blanks 
of such provisions. All provisions in the Terms and Conditions corresponding to items in these Final Terms 
which are either not selected or completed or which are deleted shall be deemed to be deleted from the Terms 
and Conditions applicable to the Notes (the “Conditions”). 
Die Leerstellen in den auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Bestimmungen der Emissionsbedingungen 
gelten als durch die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen enthaltenen Angaben ausgefüllt, als ob die Leerstellen in 
den betreffenden Bestimmungen durch diese Angaben ausgefüllt wären. Sämtliche Bestimmungen der 
Emissionsbedingungen, die sich auf Variablen dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen beziehen, die weder angekreuzt 
noch ausgefüllt oder die gestrichen werden, gelten als in den auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren 
Emissionsbedingungen (die „Bedingungen”) gestrichen. 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM (§ 1) 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM (§ 1) 
 
Currency 
Währung 
[  ]
[  ] 
 
Aggregate principal amount 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
[  ]
[  ] 
 
Specified Denomination 
Festgelegte Stückelung 
[  ]
[  ] 
Global Note 
Globalurkunde 
 
 
Classical Global Note 
Classical Global Note 
 
 
New Global Note 
New Global Note 
 
 
Permanent Global Note 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
 
 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Permanent Global Note 
Vorläufige Globalurkunden die gegen eine 
dauerhafte Globalurkunde ausgetauscht wird 
 
Clearing System  
Clearing System 
 
 
Clearstream Banking AG 
 
 
Clearstream Banking S.A. 
 
 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV

--- Page 123 ---
121 
 
 
INTEREST (§ 3)  
ZINSEN (§ 3) 
 
Fixed Rate Notes (Option I) 
Festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen (Option I) 
 
Interest Commencement Date
Verzinsungsbeginn 
[  ]
[  ] 
 
Interest Payment Dates 
Zinszahlungstage 
[  ]
[  ] 
 
Rate of Interest 
 
Zinssatz 
[  ] per cent. per annum
[  ] % per annum 
 
Calculation of interest 
Berechnung des Zinsbetrags 
[  ]
[  ] 
 
First Interest Payment Date 
Erster Zinszahlungstag 
[  ]
[  ] 
 
[Rating Downgrade Step-up 
Rating Herabstufungs-Step-
up 
[  ]
[  ] 
 
Adjusted Rate of Interest
 
Angepasste Zinssatz 
[[  ] per cent. per annum] [the sum of the Original Rate of 
Interest and [●] percentage points]]
[[  ] % per annum][die Summe aus dem Ursprünglichen 
Zinssatz und [●] Prozentpunkten] 
 
Rating Downgrade 
Notice Date 
Rating Herabstufungs-
Mitteilungstag 
[Fifth] [  ]11
[fünften] [  ]12 
 
Rating 
Rating 
[Rating Agency]: below [Rating]
[Ratingagentur]: unter [Rating] 
 
[Rating Agencies] 
[Ratingagenturen] 
[  ]
[  ]] 
 
Day Count Fraction 
Zinstagequotient 
 
 
30E/360 or Eurobond 
Basis 
30E/360 oder Eurobond 
Basis 
 
 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
Aktuell/Aktuell (ICMA) 
 
 
Floating Rate Notes (Option II) 
Variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen (Option II) 
 
Interest Commencement Date
Verzinsungsbeginn 
[  ]
[  ] 
 
11 Maximum of five Business Days. 
12 Maximal fünf Geschäftstage

--- Page 124 ---
122 
 
 
 
Interest Payment Dates 
Zinszahlungstage 
[  ]
[  ] 
 
Business Day Convention 
Geschäftstagskonvention 
 
 
Following Business Day 
Convention  
Following Business Day 
Convention 
 
 
Modified Following Business 
Day Convention  
Modified Following Business 
Day Convention 
 
 
Preceding Business Day 
Convention  
Preceding Business Day 
Convention 
 
 
Business Day 
Geschäftstag 
 
 
 
Financial Centre(s) 
Finanzzentrum(en) 
[  ]
[  ] 
 
 
T2 
T2 
 
 
[Rating Downgrade Step-up 
Rating Herabstufungs-Step-up 
 
 
Margin from, and including [Interest 
Commencement Date] [Rating 
Downgrade Step-up Date] to, but 
excluding [Rating Downgrade Step-up 
Date] [Maturity Date] 
Marge vom (einschließlich) 
[Verzinsungsbeginn] [Rating 
Herabstufungs-Step-up-Tag] bis zum 
(ausschließlich) [Rating Herabstufungs-
Step-up-Tag] [Endfälligkeitstag] 
[  ] per cent. per annum
[  ] % per annum] 
 
Rating Downgrade Notice Date 
Rating Herabstufungs-Mitteilungstag 
[Fifth][●]13
[fünften] [●]14 
 
Rating 
Rating 
[Rating Agency]: below [Rating]
[Ratingagentur]: unter [Rating] 
 
[Rating Agencies] 
[Ratingagenturen] 
[  ]
[  ]] 
 
Margin 
Marge 
[  ] per cent. per annum
[  ] % per annum 
 
13 Maximum of five Business Days. 
14 Maximal fünf Geschäftstage.

--- Page 125 ---
123 
 
 
 
Relevant Screen Page 
Maßgebliche Bildschirmseite 
[  ]
[  ] 
 
Relevant Time 
Maßgebliche Uhrzeit 
[  ]
[  ] 
 
Reference Rate 
Referenzsatz 
[  ]
[  ] 
 
Administrator 
Administrator 
[European Money Markets Institute (EMMI)] [  ]
[European Money Markets Institute (EMMI)] [  ] 
 
Interest Determination Date 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
[  ]
[  ] 
 
Discontinuation Event 
Einstellungsereignis 
 
 
Period to determine a Successor Reference 
Rate 
Zeitraum zur Ermittlung eines Nachfolge-
Referenzzinssatz 
[30] [●] days
[30] [●] Tagen 
 
Period to appoint an Independent Expert 
Zeitraum zur Bestellung eines 
unabhängigen 
Sachverständigen 
[30] [●] days
[30] [●] Tagen 
 
Redemption date 
 
not be less than [number of days/T2 Business Days] 
[days] [T2 Business Days] after the date on which the 
Issuer gave notice to the Noteholders 
 
Rückzahlungsdatum 
nicht weniger als [Anzahl der Tage/T2-Geschäftstage] 
[Tage] [T2-Geschäftstage] nach dem Datum, an dem die 
Mitteilung der Emittentin an die Anleihegläubiger 
erfolgt ist 
 
Maximum / Minimum Rate of Interest 
Maximal- / Mindest-Zinssatz 
[  ]
[  ] 
 
Day Count Fraction 
Zinstagequotient 
 
 

Actual/360 Option 
Actual/360 Option 
 
 

Actual/360 Option 
Actual/360 Option 
 
 
Calculation of other amounts 
Berechnung anderer Beträge 
[  ]
[  ] 
REDEMPTION, EARLY REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE (§ 4)  
RÜCKZAHLUNG, VORZEITIGE RÜCKZAHLUNG UND KAUF (§ 4) 
 
Scheduled Redemption  
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit

--- Page 126 ---
124 
 
 
 
 
Maturity Date15 
Fälligkeitstag16 
[  ]
[  ] 
 
 
Redemption Month and Year17 
Rückzahlungsmonat und Jahr18 
[  ]
[  ] 
 
Early Redemption  
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung 
 
 
Early redemption for reasons of taxation 
 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen 
Gründen 
[at any time] [on any Interest Payment Date]
[jederzeit] [an jedem Zinszahlungstag] 
 
Early Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin  
[Yes/No]
[Ja/Nein] 
 
Optional Redemption Amount 
(Call) 
Optionaler Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Call) 
[  ]
[  ] 
 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) 
Optionaler Rückzahlungstag 
(Call) 
[  ]
[  ] 
 
Early redemption in part 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung teilweise 
[Yes/No]
[Ja/Nein] 
 
Accured interes 
Aufgelaufene Zinsen 
[Yes/No]
[Ja/Nein] 
 
Notice 
 
Frist 
not less than [20][30] nor more than [60][90]
nicht weniger als [20][30] und nicht mehr als [60][90] 
 
[Present Value19 
Abgezinster Marktwert20 
[  ]
[  ] 
 
Calculation Agent 
Berechnungsstelle 
[  ]
[  ] 
 
Comparable Benchmark Yield 
Vergleichbare Benchmark Rendite 
[  ]
[  ]] 
 
Early redemption at the option of the 
Issuer in the case of a Transaction Trigger 
Event 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin im Falle des Eintritts eines 
Transaktions-Ereignisses 
[Yes/No]
[Ja/Nein] 
 
15 
Complete for fixed rate Notes. 
16 
Für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
17 
Complete for floating rate Notes. 
18 
Für variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
19 
Complete for fixed rate Notes. 
20 
Für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen.

--- Page 127 ---
125 
 
 
 
Redemption Amount (Trigger) 
Rückzahlungsbetrag (Trigger) 
[  ]
[  ] 
 
Redemption Date (Trigger) 
Rückzahlungstag (Trigger) 
[  ]
[  ] 
 
Notice 
 
Frist 
not less than [20][30] nor more than [60][90]
nicht weniger als [20][30] und nicht mehr als [60][90] 
 
Transaction 
Transaktion 
[  ]
[  ] 
 
Early Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin 
[Yes/No]
[Ja/Nein] 
 
Call Redemption Date(s) 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Call) 
[  ]
[  ] 
 
Call Redemption Amount(s) 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträge 
(Call) 
[  ]
[  ] 
 
Early Redemption at the option of the 
Noteholders 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Anleihegläubiger 
[Yes/No]
[Ja/Nein] 
 
Optional Redemption Amount 
(Put) 
Optionaler Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Put) 
[  ]
[  ] 
 
Optional Redemption Date (Put) 
Optionaler Rückzahlungstag (Put) 
[  ]
[  ] 
 
Early redemption at the option of the 
Noteholders in the case of a Change of 
Control 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Anleihegläubiger im Falle des Eintritts 
eines Kontrollwechsels 
[Yes/No]
[Ja/Nein] 
 
Days prior to the Maturity Date 
Tage vor dem Fälligkeitstag 
[140] 
[140] 
 
[Rating downgrade 
Rating-Herabstufung 
[two] notches
[zwei] Schritte] 
 
Major Shareholders 
 
[each and any of Daniel Křetínský and Patrik Tkáč each 
individually, as natural persons, including possible 
succession in the event of inheritance (natural or legal 
persons) and the transfer of the shareholding (or parts 
thereof) to a trust, foundation or similar legal form as part 
of a succession planning, as well as Meridian Stiftung 
(Essen, Germany), Prof. Otto Beisheim Stiftung (Munich, 
Germany) and Prof. Otto Beisheim Stiftung (Baar, 
Switzerland) as well as each and any person under the

--- Page 128 ---
126 
 
 
Control of any of the foregoing persons and any 
associated trust or foundation (Stiftung).] [  ] 
 
Hauptaktionäre 
[jeweils einzeln Daniel Křetínský und Patrik Tkáč, als 
natürliche Personen, einschließlich der möglichen 
Nachfolge im Erbfall (natürliche oder juristische 
Personen) sowie die Überführung der Beteiligung (oder 
Teilen davon) in einen Trust, Stiftung oder ähnliche 
Rechtsform im Rahmen einer Nachfolgeplanung, sowie  
die Meridian Stiftung (Essen, Deutschland), die Prof. 
Otto Beisheim Stiftung (München, Deutschland) und die 
Prof. Otto Beisheim Stiftung (Baar, Schweiz) sowie jede 
Person, die unter der Kontrolle einer der vorgenannten 
Personen steht, und jeder damit verbundene Trust oder 
jede Stiftung.] [  ] 
PAYMENTS (§ 5)  
ZAHLUNGEN (§ 5) 
 
 
Additional financial centre(s) 
Zusätzliche(s) Finanzzentrum(en) 
[  ]
[  ] 
TAXATION (§ 6)  
BESTEUERUNG (§ 6) 
 
Any additional amounts in respect of 
principal which may be payable under § 3 
(Late Payment of Redemption Amount) 
Etwaige gemäß § 3 (Verspätete Zahlung 
des Rückzahlungsbetrages) zusätzlich 
zahlbare Beträge 
 
 
Any additional amounts in respect of 
interest which may be payable under § 3 
(Late Payment of Redemption Amount) 
Alle gemäß § 3 (Verspätete Zahlung des 
Rückzahlungsbetrages) zusätzlich zahlbare 
Beträge auf Zinsen 
 
Other amount 
Anderer Betrag 
 
FISCAL AGENT[,][AND] PAYING AGENT(S) [AND CALCULATION AGENT] (§ 9)  
EMISSIONSSTELLE[,][UND] ZAHLSTELLE(N) [UND BERECHNUNGSSTELLE] (§ 9) 
 
Calculation Agent  
Berechnungsstelle 
[Not applicable][  ]
[Nicht anwendbar][  ] 
NOTICES (§ 12)  
BEKANNTMACHUNGEN (§ 12) 
 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) 
Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse (www.luxse.com) 
 
Clearing System  
Clearing System 
AMENDMENT OF THE CONDITIONS, NOTEHOLDERS’ REPRESENTATIVE (§ 13)  
ÄNDERUNG DER BEDINGUNGEN, GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER (§ 13)

--- Page 129 ---
127 
 
 
 
Appointment of a Noteholders’ Representative by resolution passed by Noteholders and not in the 
Conditions  
Bestellung eines gemeinsamen Vertreters der Anleihegläubiger durch Beschluss der Anleihegläubiger 
und nicht in den Bedingungen 
 
Appointment of a Noteholders’ Representative in the Conditions  
Bestellung eines gemeinsamen Vertreters der Anleihegläubiger in den Bedingungen 
 
Name, address and website of the 
Noteholders’ Representative: 
Name, Anschrift und Internetseite des 
gemeinsamen Vertreters: 
[specify details]
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
LANGUAGE OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS (§ 15)  
SPRACHE DER EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN (§ 15) 
 
German and English (German controlling) 
Deutsch und Englisch (deutscher Text maßgeblich) 
 
English and German (English controlling) 
Englisch und Deutsch (englischer Text maßgeblich) 
 
English only 
Ausschließlich Englisch 
 
German only 
Ausschließlich Deutsch

--- Page 130 ---
128 
 
 
Part II: ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  
Teil II: ZUSÄTZLICHE INFORMATIONEN 
A. 
Essential information  
Grundlegende Angaben 
 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the 
Issue/Offer  
Interessen von Seiten natürlicher und juristischer 
Personen, die an der Emission/dem Angebot beteiligt sind 
[Applicable/Not applicable]
[Specify details]
[Anwendbar] [Nicht anwendbar] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
[Reasons for the offer and]21 use of proceeds 
[Gründe für das Angebot und]22 Verwendung der Erträge 
 
 
Estimated net proceeds 
Geschätzter Nettobetrag der Erträge 
[  ]
[  ] 
 
Estimated total expenses of the issue23 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten der Emission24 
[  ]
[  ] 
 
Global Note 
Globalurkunde 
 
 
If the note is issued in Classical Global 
Note form and is intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow ECB eligibility 
[Applicable] [Not applicable]. [Note that if this item is 
applicable it simply means that the Classical Global Note 
is intended upon issue to be deposited with Clearstream 
Banking AG, Frankfurt and does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
(ECB eligibility)] 
 
Wenn die Urkunde in Form einer Classical 
Global Note begeben wird und die 
Verwahrung in einer Weise beabsichtigt ist, 
welche die EZB-Fähigkeit bewirkt 
[Anwendbar] 
[Nicht 
anwendbar]. 
[Im 
Fall 
der 
Anwendbarkeit dieses Punktes ist damit beabsichtigt, die 
Classical Global Note zum Zeitpunkt ihrer Emission bei 
Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt einzureichen. Das 
bedeutet 
nicht 
notwendigerweise, 
dass 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zum Zeitpunkt ihrer Emission 
oder zu einem anderen Zeitpunkt während ihrer Laufzeit 
als geeignete Sicherheit im Sinne der Geldpolitik des 
Eurosystems 
und 
für 
Zwecke 
der 
untertägigen 
Kreditfähigkeit durch das Eurosystem anerkannt werden. 
Eine solche Anerkennung hängt von der Erfüllung der 
Kriterien der Eignung des Eurosystems ab (EZB-
Fähigkeit).] 
 
21 
Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
22 
Nicht anwendbar auf Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000. 
23 
Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
24 
Nicht anwendbar auf Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000

--- Page 131 ---
129 
 
 
 
If the note is issued in New Global Note 
(NGN) form and it is intended to be held in 
a manner which would allow ECB 
eligibility 
[Applicable. Note that if this item is applicable it simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the international central securities 
depositaries (ICSDs) as common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intraday credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria (ECB eligibility).] 
[Not applicable. Note that whilst this item is not 
applicable at the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the future 
such that the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes 
may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.] 
 
Sofern die Urkunde in Form einer New 
Global Note (neuen Globalurkunde – 
NGN) begeben wird und die Verwahrung in 
einer Weise beabsichtigt ist, welche die 
EZB-Fähigkeit bewirkt 
[Anwendbar. Im Fall der Anwendbarkeit dieses Punktes 
ist damit beabsichtigt, die Schuldverschreibungen zum 
Zeitpunkt ihrer Emission bei einer der internationalen 
zentralen Verwahrstellen (ICSDs) als gemeinsame 
Sicherheitsverwahrstelle 
(common 
safekeeper) 
einzureichen. Das bedeutet nicht notwendigerweise, dass 
die Schuldverschreibungen zum Zeitpunkt ihrer Emission 
oder zu einem anderen Zeitpunkt während ihrer Laufzeit 
als geeignete Sicherheit im Sinne der Geldpolitik des 
Eurosystems 
und 
für 
Zwecke 
der 
untertägigen 
Kreditfähigkeit durch das Eurosystem anerkannt werden. 
Eine solche Anerkennung hängt von der Erfüllung der 
Kriterien der Eignung des Eurosystems ab (EZB-
Fähigkeit).] 
[Nicht anwendbar. Während die Bestimmung am Tag 
dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen mit „nicht anwendbar” 
festgelegt 
wurde, 
können 
sich 
die 
Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien für die Zukunft derart 
ändern, dass die Schuldverschreibungen fähig sein 
werden diese einzuhalten. Die Schuldverschreibungen 
können dann bei einem der ICSDs als gemeinsamer 
Verwahrer hinterlegt werden. Es ist zu beachten, dass die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
selbst 
dann 
nicht 
notwendigerweise als geeignete Sicherheit im Sinne der 
Währungspolitik des Eurosystems und der taggleichen 
Überziehungen 
(intra-day 
credit 
operations) 
des 
Eurosystem entweder nach Begebung oder zu einem 
Zeitpunkt während ihrer Existenz anerkannt werden. Eine 
solche Anerkennung wird von der Entscheidung der 
Europäischen 
Zentralbank 
abhängen, 
dass 
die 
Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien erfüllt werden.]

--- Page 132 ---
130 
 
 
B. 
Information concerning the securities to be offered /admitted to trading  
Informationen über die anzubietenden bzw. zum Handel zuzulassenden Wertpapiere 
Securities Identification Numbers  
Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummern 
Common Code 
Common Code 
[  ]
[  ] 
ISIN Code 
ISIN Code 
[  ]
[  ] 
German Securities Code 
Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummer (WKN) 
[  ]
[  ] 
FISN Code 
FISN Code 
[  ]
[  ] 
CFI Code 
CFI Code 
[  ]
[  ] 
Any other securities number 
Sonstige Wertpapierkennnummer 
[  ]
[  ] 
Delivery  
Lieferung 
Delivery against payment 
Lieferung gegen Zahlung 
[Applicable][Not applicable]
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
Delivery free of payment 
Kostenfreie Lieferung 
[Applicable][Not applicable]
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
Historic Interest Rates and further performance as well as volatility25 
Zinssätze der Vergangenheit und künftige Entwicklungen sowie ihre Volatilität26 
Details of historic [EURIBOR][other reference rate] rates and the 
further performance as well as their volatility can be obtained from 
[Reuters [EURIBOR01]]
[insert details] [Not applicable] 
Einzelheiten zu vergangenen [EURIBOR][anderer Referenzsatz] 
Sätzen und Informationen über künftige Entwicklungen sowie ihre 
Volatilität können abgerufen werden unter 
[Reuters [EURIBOR01]]
[Details einfügen] [Nicht 
anwendbar] 
Description of any market disruption or settlement disruption events 
that effect the [EURIBOR][other reference rate] rates 
[Not applicable][Please see 
§ 7 (c) of the Terms and 
Conditions] 
Beschreibung etwaiger Ereignisse, die eine Störung des Marktes oder 
der Abrechnung bewirken und die [EURIBOR][anderer Referenzsatz] 
Sätze beeinflussen 
[Nicht anwendbar][Bitte siehe 
§ 7 (c) der 
Emissionsbedingungen] 
Yield27 
Rendite28 
[  ]
[  ] 
 
25 
Only applicable for Floating Rate Notes. Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least 
EUR 100,000. 
26 
Nur bei variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar. Nicht anwendbar auf Schuldverschreibungen 
mit einer Festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000. 
27 
Only applicable for Fixed Rate Notes. 
28 
Nur für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar

--- Page 133 ---
131 
 
 
C. 
Terms and conditions of the offer29 
Bedingungen und Konditionen des Angebots30 
 
C.1 
Conditions, offer statistics, expected timetable and action 
required to apply for the offer  
Angebotsstatistiken, erwarteter Zeitplan und erforderliche 
Maßnahmen für die Antragstellung 
 
Conditions to which the offer is subject 
Bedingungen, denen das Angebot unterliegt 
[Specify details]
[Einzelheiten einfügen]
Time period, including any possible amendments, during which the 
offer will be open and description of the application process 
[Specify details]
Frist – einschließlich etwaiger Änderungen – während der das Angebot 
vorliegt und Beschreibung des Prozesses für die Umsetzung des 
Angebots 
[Einzelheiten einfügen]
A description of the possibility to reduce subscriptions and the manner 
for refunding excess amount paid by applicants 
[Specify details]
Beschreibung der Möglichkeit zur Reduzierung der Zeichnungen und 
der Art und Weise der Erstattung des zu viel gezahlten Betrags an die 
Zeichner 
[Einzelheiten einfügen]
Details of the minimum and/or maximum amount of application 
(whether in number of notes or aggregate amount to invest) 
[Specify details]
Einzelheiten zum Mindest- und/oder Höchstbetrag der Zeichnung 
entweder in Form der Anzahl der Schuldverschreibungen oder des 
aggregierten zu investierenden Betrags) 
[Einzelheiten einfügen]
Method and time limits for paying up the notes and for delivery of the 
notes 
[Specify details]
Methode und Fristen für die Bedienung der Wertpapiere und ihre 
Lieferung 
[Einzelheiten einfügen]
Manner and date in which results of the offer are to be made public 
[Specify details]
Art und Weise und Termin, auf die bzw. an dem die Ergebnisse des 
Angebots offen zu legen sind 
[Einzelheiten einfügen]
The procedure for the exercise of any right of pre-emption, the 
negotiability of subscription rights and the treatment of not exercised 
subscription rights 
[Specify details]
Verfahren für die Ausübung eines etwaigen Vorzugsrechts, die 
Marktfähigkeit der Zeichnungsrechte und die Behandlung der nicht 
ausgeübten Zeichnungsrechte 
[Einzelheiten einfügen]
 
29 
Complete with respect to a public offer of Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
30 
Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als 
EUR 100.000 auszufüllen.

--- Page 134 ---
132 
 
 
C.2 
Plan 
of 
distribution 
and 
allotment31
Plan für die Aufteilung der Wertpapiere und deren Zuteilung32 
 
Various categories of potential investors to which the Notes are offered: 
 Professional/Qualified Investors 
 Retail Investors 
Angabe der verschiedenen Kategorien der potentiellen Investoren, denen die Schuldverschreibungen 
angeboten wurden: 
 Professionelle/Qualifizierte Investoren 
 Retailinvestoren 
Process for notification to applicants of the amount allotted and 
indication whether dealing may begin before notification is made 
[Specify details]
Verfahren zur Meldung des den Zeichnern zugeteilten Betrags und 
Angabe, ob eine Aufnahme des Handels vor dem Meldeverfahren 
möglich ist 
[Einzelheiten einfügen]
C.3 
Pricing33 
Kursfeststellung34 
 
Expected price at which the Notes will be offered 
[Not applicable]
[Specify details]
Preis zu dem die Schuldverschreibungen voraussichtlich angeboten 
werden 
[Nicht anwendbar]
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Amount of expenses and taxes charged to the subscriber / purchaser 
[Not applicable]
[Specify details]
Kosten/Steuern, die dem Zeichner/Käufer in Rechnung gestellt werden 
[Nicht anwendbar]
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
C.4 
Placing and underwriting35  
Platzierung und Emission36 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors37 
Verbot des Verkaufs an EWR Retail Investoren38 
[Applicable]
[Not applicable]
[Anwendbar]
[Nicht anwendbar] 
 
31 
Complete with respect to a public offer of Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
32 
Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als 
EUR 100.000 auszufüllen. 
33 
Complete with respect to a public offer of Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
34 
Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als 
EUR 100.000 auszufüllen. 
35 
Complete with respect to a public offer of Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
36 
Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als 
EUR 100.000 auszufüllen. 
37 
If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” products and a 
key information document (“KID”) will be prepared in the European Economic Area, “Not applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no KID will be prepared, “Applicable” should be 
specified. 
38 
Sind die Schuldverschreibungen eindeutig keine „verpackten” Produkte oder die Schuldverschreibungen sind 
“verpackte” Produkte und es wird ein Basisinformationsblatt („KID”) im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum erstellt, 
so sollte “Nicht anwendbar” ausgewählt werden. Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen “verpackte” Produkte 
darstellen und kein KID vorbereitet wird, ist “Anwendbar” auszuwählen.

--- Page 135 ---
133 
 
 
Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the United Kingdom39 
Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten Königreich40 
[Applicable]
[Not applicable]
[Anwendbar]
[Nicht anwendbar] 
Name and address of the co-ordinator(s) of the global offer and of single 
parts of the offer and, to the extent known to the Issuer or the offeror, 
or the placers in the various countries where the offer takes place 
[  ] 
Name und Anschrift des Koordinator/der Koordinatoren des globalen 
Angebots oder einzelner Teile des Angebots - sofern der Emittentin oder 
dem Anbieter bekannt - in den einzelnen Ländern des Angebots 
[  ] 
Method of distribution  
Vertriebsmethode 
 
 
Non-syndicated 
 
Nicht syndiziert 
[Applicable]
[Not applicable] [  ]
[Anwendbar]
[Nicht anwendbar] [  ] 
 
Syndicated 
 
Syndiziert 
[Applicable]
[Not applicable] [  ]
[Anwendbar]
[Nicht anwendbar] [  ] 
Subscription Agreement41  
Übernahmevertrag42 
 
Date of Subscription Agreement 
Datum des Übernahmevertrages 
[  ]
[  ] 
Management Details including form of commitment43 
Einzelheiten bezüglich des Bankenkonsortiums einschließlich der 
Art der Übernahme44 
 
Dealer / Management Group (specify name and address) 
[  ] 
Platzeur / Bankenkonsortium (Namen und Anschrift angeben) 
[  ] 
 
Firm commitment 
 
Feste Zusage 
[Applicable] 
[Not applicable] [  ]
[Anwendbar] 
[Nicht anwendbar] [  ] 
 
No firm commitment / best efforts arrangements 
 
Ohne feste Zusage / zu den bestmöglichen Bedingungen 
[Applicable] 
[Not applicable] [  ]
[Anwendbar] 
[Nicht anwendbar] [  ] 
 
39 
If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” products and a 
key information document will be prepared in the United Kingdom, “Not applicable” should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no KID will be prepared, “Applicable” should be specified. 
40 
Sind die Schuldverschreibungen eindeutig keine „verpackten” Produkte oder die Schuldverschreibungen sind 
„verpackte” Produkte und es wird ein KID im Vereinigten Königreich erstellt, so sollte „Nicht anwendbar” 
ausgewählt werden. Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen „verpackte” Produkte darstellen und kein KID vorbereitet 
wird, ist „Anwendbar” auszuwählen. 
41  
Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
42  
Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000. 
43 
Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
44 
Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000.

--- Page 136 ---
134 
 
 
Consent to use of Base Prospectus 
Zustimmung zur Verwendung des Basisprospekts 
 
The Issuer consents to the use of the Base Prospectus by the following 
Dealer(s) and/or financial intermediar[y][ies] (individual consent): 
[insert name[s] and address[es]] 
Die Emittentin stimmt der Verwendung des Basisprospekts durch 
den/die folgenden Platzeur(e) und/oder Finanzintermediär(e) 
(individuelle Zustimmung) zu: 
[Name[n] und Adresse[n] 
einfügen] 
Such consent is also subject to and given under the condition: 
[Not applicable]
[Specify details] 
Ferner erfolgt diese Zustimmung vorbehaltlich: 
[Nicht anwendbar]
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
The subsequent resale or final placement of Notes by Dealers and/or 
financial intermediaries can be made: 
[as long as this Base Prospectus 
is valid in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation]
[insert period] 
Die spätere Weiterveräußerung und endgültigen Platzierung der 
Wertpapiere durch Platzeure und/oder Finanzintermediäre kann 
erfolgen während: 
[der Dauer der Gültigkeit des 
Basisprospekts gemäß der 
Prospektverordnung]
[Zeitraum einfügen] 
Consent to use of the Base Prospectus is given for the following 
jurisdictions: 
[Luxembourg][Germany] 
Zustimmung zur Verwendung des Basisprospekts wird für die 
folgenden Jurisdiktionen erteilt: 
[Luxemburg][Deutschland] 
Commissions45 
Provisionen46 
 
Management/Underwriting Commission (specify) 
Management- und Übernahmeprovision (angeben) 
[  ]
[  ] 
Selling Concession (specify) 
Verkaufsprovision (angeben) 
[  ]
[  ] 
Stabilisation Dealer(s)/Manager(s) 
[None] [Specify details] 
Kursstabilisierende(r) Platzeur(e)/Manager 
[Keiner] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
C.5 
Public Offer Jurisdictions 
Jurisdiktionen für öffentliches Angebot 
 
Public Offer Jurisdiction(s) 
[Not applicable] [Specify 
relevant Member State(s) – 
which must be jurisdiction(s) 
where the Prospectus and any 
supplements have been 
passported]
Jurisdiktionen, in denen ein öffentliches Angebot stattfinden kann
[Nicht anwendbar] 
[Relevante(n) Mitgliedstaat(en) 
 
45 
To be completed in consultation with the Issuer. Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least 
EUR 100,000. 
46 
In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin auszufüllen. Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer 
Festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000.

--- Page 137 ---
135 
 
 
einfügen – dieser muss 
eine/diese müssen 
Jurisdiktion(en) sein, in die der 
Prospekt und etwaige 
Nachträge notifiziert wurden]
D. 
Admission to trading  
Einbeziehung in den Handel 
[Yes/No]
[Ja/Nein] 
 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange  
Regulated Market der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse 
 
 
Regulated Market of the Düsseldorf Stock Exchange  
Regulated Market der Düsseldorf Wertpapierbörse 
 
 
Other Stock Exchange  
Andere Wertpapierbörse 
 
Date of admission to trading 
Datum der Einbeziehung in den Handel 
[  ]
[  ] 
Estimate of the total expenses related to admission to trading47 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten für die Zulassung zum Handel48 
[  ]
[  ] 
Issue Price 
Ausgabepreis 
[  ]%
[  ]% 
Name and address of the entities which have a firm commitment to act 
as intermediaries in secondary trading, providing liquidity through bid 
and offer rates and description of the main terms of their commitment49 
[Not applicable]
[Specify details] 
Name und Anschrift der Institute, die aufgrund einer festen Zusage als 
Intermediäre im Sekundärhandel tätig sind und Liquidität mittels Geld- 
und 
Briefkursen 
erwirtschaften, 
und 
Beschreibung 
der 
Hauptbedingungen der Zusagevereinbarung50 
[Nicht anwendbar]
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
E. 
Additional Information 
Zusätzliche Informationen 
 
Rating 
[Not applicable]51
[Specify details]52
Rating 
[Nicht anwendbar]53
[Einzelheiten einfügen]54
 
[Specify whether the relevant rating agency is established in the European Community and is registered or has 
applied for registration pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, amended by Regulation (EC) No 513/2011 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 11 May 2011 (the “CRA Regulation”). A credit rating assesses the 
creditworthiness of an entity and informs an investor therefore about the probability of the entity being able to 
 
47 
Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
48 
Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000. 
49 
Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
50 
Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000. 
51 
Do not complete if the Notes are not rated on an individual basis. 
52 
If the Notes are rated insert a brief explanation of the meaning of the rating(s). 
53 
Nicht auszufüllen, wenn kein Einzelrating für die Schuldverschreibungen vorliegt. 
54 
Falls die Schuldverschreibungen geratet sind, eine kurze Erklärung der Bedeutung des/der Ratings einfügen.

--- Page 138 ---
136 
 
 
redeem invested capital. It is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or 
withdrawn by the rating agency at any time.] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen, ob die jeweilige Ratingagentur ihren Sitz in der Europäischen Gemeinschaft hat und 
gemäß Verordnung (EG) Nr. 1060/2009 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 16. September 2009 
über Ratingagenturen, geändert durch die Verordnung (EU) Nr. 513/2011 des Europäischen Parlaments und 
des Rates vom 11. Mai 2011 (die „Ratingagentur-Verordnung”), registriert ist oder die Registrierung 
beantragt hat. Ein Kreditrating ist eine Einschätzung der Kreditwürdigkeit einer Rechtsperson und informiert 
den Anleger daher über die Wahrscheinlichkeit mit der die Rechtsperson in der Lage ist, angelegtes Kapital 
zurückzuzahlen. Es ist keine Empfehlung Wertpapiere zu kaufen, zu verkaufen oder zu halten und kann jederzeit 
durch die Ratingagentur geändert oder zurückgenommen werden.] 
The 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
(“ESMA”) 
publishes 
on 
its 
website 
(www.esma.europa.eu/superviseon/credit-rating-agencies/risk) a list of credit rating agencies registered in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation. That list is updated within five working days following the adoption of a 
decision under Article 16, 17 or 20 CRA Regulation. The European Commission shall publish that updated list 
in the Official Journal of the European Union within 30 days following such update.] 
[Die Europäische Wertpapier und Marktaufsichtsbehörde („ESMA”) veröffentlicht auf ihrer Webseite 
(www.esma.europa.eu/superviseon/credit-rating-agencies/risk) ein Verzeichnis der nach der Ratingagentur-
Verordnung registrierten Ratingagenturen. Dieses Verzeichnis wird innerhalb von fünf Werktagen nach 
Annahme eines Beschlusses gemäß Artikel 16, 17 oder 20 der Ratingagentur-Verordnung aktualisiert. Die 
Europäische Kommission veröffentlicht das aktualisierte Verzeichnis im Amtsblatt der Europäischen Union 
innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach der Aktualisierung.] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION  
INFORMATIONEN VON SEITEN DRITTER 
With respect to any information included herein and specified to be sourced from a third party (i) the Issuer 
confirms that any such information has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able 
to ascertain from information available to it from such third party, no facts have been omitted the omission of 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading and (ii) the Issuer has not 
independently verified any such information and accepts no responsibility for the accuracy thereof.  
Hinsichtlich der hierin enthaltenen und als solche gekennzeichneten Informationen von Seiten Dritter gilt 
Folgendes: (i) Die Emittentin bestätigt, dass diese Informationen zutreffend wiedergegeben worden sind und – 
soweit es der Emittentin bekannt ist und sie aus den von diesen Dritten zur Verfügung gestellten Informationen 
ableiten konnte – keine Fakten weggelassen wurden, deren Fehlen die reproduzierten Informationen 
unzutreffend oder irreführend gestalten würden; (ii) die Emittentin hat diese Informationen nicht selbständig 
überprüft und übernimmt keine Verantwortung für ihre Richtigkeit.]

--- Page 139 ---
137 
 
 
METRO AG 
(as Issuer)  
(als Emittentin) 
_____________________________________ 
Name: 
_____________________________________ 
Name:

--- Page 140 ---
138 
 
 
Use of Proceeds 
The net proceeds of the issue of each tranche of Notes will be applied by the Issuer to meet part of its general 
financing requirements.

--- Page 141 ---
139 
 
 
Description of METRO AG  
History and development of the issuer 
METRO AG (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, “METRO”) is incorporated as a public stock 
corporation (Aktiengesellschaft) and operates under the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany. 
METRO AG has its registered office at Metro-Strasse 1, 40235 Düsseldorf, Germany and is registered under 
HRB 79055 with the commercial register of the local court (Amtsgericht) of Düsseldorf since 11 November 
2016. METRO AG has been founded for an unlimited term. The telephone number of METRO AG is +49 211 
6886 0. The legal entity identifier is: 5299006EQ03K3SSUYS12. 
METRO AG’s website is: https://www.metroag.de 
The information shown on METRO AG’s website does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless such 
information is specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
The commercial name of the group, including METRO AG, is “METRO”. METRO AG is the strategic 
management holding company of METRO. Throughout METRO, cross-divisional service companies perform 
an array of services in such areas as real estate, logistics and information technology for the sales brands. 
In addition to “METRO”, some of METRO AG’s subsidiaries use other commercial names reflecting other 
important group brands, in particular “makro”. 
METRO AG’s purpose (according to Article 2 of its Articles of Association) encompasses the management and 
promotion of trading and service enterprises particularly in the following areas:  
 
trading businesses of all kinds related to the operation of retailing enterprises, mail order, wholesale trade 
and sales channels based on new electronic media;  
 
manufacturing and development of products that may be the object of commerce and of services;  
 
execution of real-estate transactions of all kinds including property development. 
 
Services, in particular in connection with trading, the restaurant and catering business, consumer goods and 
logistics as well as trade-related digital business models;  
 
brokering of financial services for, through or by, affiliates and subsidiaries; 
 
and asset management. 
METRO AG may perform all and any acts and actions, and transact any businesses, which appear or are deemed 
expedient to its purpose or are directly or indirectly related thereto. METRO AG may also directly engage in 
any business fields listed above. Any such business that requires specific governmental permits, licenses or 
approvals may not be transacted until such permits, licenses or approvals have been granted. METRO AG may 
establish, form, acquire, manage or purchase equity interests, whether by minority shareholding or otherwise, 
in, or sell or dispose of, any such enterprises in Germany and abroad active in the business areas listed above. 
METRO AG may group its shareholdings under its uniform control or confine itself to the management of such 
affiliates /shareholdings. 
Recent Events 
On 5 February, METRO AG entered into a delisting agreement with its largest shareholder EP Global 
Commerce GmbH (“EPGC”), a holding company controlled by Daniel Křetínský, which holds approx. 49.99 
per cent. of the voting rights in METRO AG. In this agreement, EPGC has undertaken to offer to acquire all 
shares in METRO AG not yet held by EPGC for a cash consideration of in each case EUR 5.33 per tendered 
ordinary share and per tendered preference share.  
The delisting agreement further provides that METRO AG will file an application for the revocation of the 
admission of the METRO AG shares to trading on the regulated market (Prime Standard) of the Frankfurt Stock 
Exchange.

--- Page 142 ---
140 
 
 
In the delisting agreement, EPGC has undertaken vis-à-vis METRO AG to fully support the further 
implementation of its current sCore strategy. In addition, EPGC has made financing commitments over a 
transitional period, to the extent this would be required for the implementation of the strategy and the necessary 
financial means cannot be covered from other sources. Against the background of these provisions, the 
management board is of the opinion that the delisting is in METRO AG's interest. The members of the 
supervisory board of METRO AG have taken approving note of the delisting agreement.  
EPGC has indicated that, following a delisting, it will seek to take METRO AG private by way of implementing 
structural measures pursuant to applicable stock corporation law. METRO AG and EPGC have agreed in the 
delisting agreement that EPGC will not enter into a domination and/or profit and loss transfer agreement with 
METRO AG within the 18 months following the completion of the delisting, provided that METRO does not 
request financial support from EPGC.  
Prior to the conclusion of the delisting agreement, METRO AG was informed that EPGC had reached an 
agreement with the two other major METRO AG shareholders, Meridian and Beisheim, according to which 
they will not tender their shares in METRO AG to EPGC. As major shareholders, they will continue to support 
the long-term implementation of the sCore strategy. Further, EPGC, Meridian and Beisheim have concluded a 
shareholders' agreement, which shall become effective after completion of the delisting.  
The management board and the supervisory board of METRO AG will review the offer document to be 
published by EPGC regarding the delisting acquisition offer and will issue a joint reasoned statement.  
The management of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange will decide on the application for the revocation of the 
admission of the shares to trading on the regulated market. Once the revocation becomes effective, the METRO 
AG shares will no longer be admitted to trading and will no longer be traded on a domestic regulated market or 
a comparable market abroad. 
Organisational Structure of METRO 
METRO is an international food wholesaler that operates in 33 countries. The group is headed by METRO AG, 
which acts as the central management holding company. It handles group management tasks and bundles central 
management and administrative functions for METRO. As of 31 December 2024, the store network comprised 
623 stores, of which 522 were out-of-store (“OOS”) locations, and 94 were depots. 
Under the brands METRO and MAKRO, the company operates in the segments Germany, West, Russia and 
East. In the area of Food Service Distribution (“FSD”), METRO maintains a strong presence with its METRO 
delivery service and the delivery companies (including Classic Fine Foods, Pro à Pro France, R Express, Johan 
i Hallen & Bergfalk (“JHB”), Aviludo and Pro a Pro Spain). Out-of-store delivery refers to the existing METRO 
store network and includes METRO stores that supply from the store as well as wholesale stores that operate 
their own depot in the store. The segment Others mainly includes the DISH Digital Solutions, METRO 
MARKETS and METRO PROPERTIES business units.  
In the digital business sector, METRO MARKETS plays a special role with its B2B online marketplace for 
professional equipment for Hotel, Restaurants and Caterer (“HoReCa”) customers. Through this distribution 
channel, METRO offers non-food articles from its own product range as well as products from third parties. 
DISH Digital Solutions pools the group’s digitalisation efforts for customers from the hospitality industry and 
offers innovative digital solutions under the DISH brand. METRO PROPERTIES develops, operates and 
markets an international real estate portfolio. This segment also includes companies providing services in 
logistics, IT and procurement. 
The following chart provides an overview of certain direct and indirect holdings of METRO AG in simplified 
form: 
 
 
Metro 
Others
 
DISH Digital Solutions 
 
METRO MARKETS 
 
METRO PROPERTIES 
 
Other service companies 
 
Germany
West
Russia
East

--- Page 143 ---
141 
 
 
Shareholders 
Based on information disclosed in the context of the General Meeting held on 7 February 2024, EP Global 
Commerce GmbH holds 49.99% of the voting rights of METRO AG, while the Meridian Stiftung and Beisheim 
jointly hold 24.99% via subsidiaries. The free-floating share is 25.02%. These percentages refer to the total 
number of voting rights from ordinary shares. Notifications of voting rights in accordance with the German 
Securities Trading Act (WpHG) were not received for these figures. 
Shareholding 
Name of Shareholder (group)
Number of 
ordinary shares 
As a % 
(approximately) 
EP Global Commerce GmbH
180,026,758
49.99
Meridian Stiftung / Beisheim (1)
90,025,000
24.99
Free-floating shares
90,069,978
25.02
Total
360,121,736
100.00
 
(1) 
Vote on the exercise of voting rights under a pooling agreement. 
Administrative, Management, and Supervisory Bodies 
The corporate bodies of METRO AG are (i) the Management Board (Vorstand), (ii) the Supervisory Board 
(Aufsichtsrat) and (iii) the General Meeting (Hauptversammlung). The business address of each member of the 
Management Board and the Supervisory Board is Metro-Strasse 1, 40235 Düsseldorf, Germany. 
(i) 
Management Board 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus 
a) 
denotes memberships in other statutory supervisory boards within the meaning of § 125 Section 1 
Sentence 5, 1st alt. of the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz), and. 
b) 
denotes memberships in comparable German and international supervisory bodies of commercial 
enterprises within the meaning of § 125 Section 1 Sentence 5, 2nd alt. of the German Stock Corporation 
Act (Aktiengesetz). 
Dr. Steffen Greubel (Chairman) 
a) 
Metro Großhandelsgesellschaft mbH (Chair); 
Phoenix Pharma SE; 
b) 
Metro Holding France S.A., Vitry-sur-Seine, France – Board of Directors (Chair) 
Guillaume Deruyter (Chief Customer & Merchandise Officer) 
a) 
None 
b) 
JOHBECO 
AB, 
Stockholm, 
Sweden 
– 
Supervisory 
Board 
(Chair) 
METRO FSD HOLDING PORTUGAL, SGPS, S.A., Lisbon, Portugal – Supervisory Board 
(Chair) 
 
Christiane Giesen (Chief Operating Officer and Labour Director) 
a) 
Metro Großhandelsgesellschaft mbH; 
METRO Logistics Germany GmbH; 
b) 
None 
Eric Riegger (Chief Financial Officer) 
a) 
None 
b) 
METRO International AG, Baar, Switzerland – Supervisory Board

--- Page 144 ---
142 
 
 
(ii) Supervisory Board 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
a) 
denotes memberships in other statutory supervisory boards within the meaning of § 125 Section 1 
Sentence 5, 1st alt. of the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz), and 
b) 
denotes memberships in comparable German and international supervisory bodies of commercial 
enterprises within the meaning of § 125 Section 1 Sentence 5, 2nd alt. of the German Stock Corporation 
Act (Aktiengesetz). 
The Supervisory Board consists of 10 shareholder representatives and 10 employee representatives. 
Jürgen Steinemann (Chairman) 
CEO of JBS Holding GmbH 
Independent shareholder representative 
a) 
Big Dutchman AG 
b) 
Bankiva 
B.V., 
Wezep, 
Netherlands 
– 
Supervisory 
Board 
(Chairman); 
Barentz International B.V., Hoofddorp, Netherlands – Supervisory Board (Chairman); 
Lonza 
Group 
AG, 
Basel, 
Switzerland 
– 
Board 
of 
Directors; 
Solynta B.V., Wageningen, Netherlands – Supervisory Board (Chairman) 
Paul Loyo (Vice Chairman) 
Chairman of the Works Council of METRO Koblenz 
Employee representative 
a) 
Metro Großhandelsgesellschaft mbH 
b) 
None 
Marco Arcelli 
CEO Acwa Power Riad, Saudi Arabia 
Independent shareholder representative 
a) 
None 
b) 
None 
Gwyn Burr 
Chair of the Board of Directors of Skipton Building Society, Skipton, United Kingdom 
Independent shareholder representative 
a) 
None 
b) 
Ingleby Farms & Forests ApS, Køge, Denmark – Board of Directors; Skipton Building Society, 
Skipton, United Kingdom – Board of Directors (Chair) 
Jana Cejpková 
Chief Financial Officer of EP Real Estate, a.s., Prague, Czech Republic 
Shareholder representative 
a) 
None

--- Page 145 ---
143 
 
 
b) 
Paris 
Real 
Estate 
I 
a.s., 
Prague, 
Czech 
Republic 
– 
Supervisory 
Board; 
Paris Real Estate II a.s.,  Prague, Czech Republic – Supervisory Board 
Willem Eelman 
Independent Business Consultant 
Chief Financial Officer of Pepco Group N.V., London, United Kingdom 
Independent shareholder representative 
a) 
None 
b) 
IMCD N.V., Rotterdam, Netherlands – Supervisory Board; Shero Holdco B.V., Amsterdam, 
Netherlands – Supervisory Board 
Sabine Gatz 
Secretary of ver.di Vereinte Dienstleistungsgewerkschaft 
Employee representative 
a) 
Metro Großhandelsgesellschaft mbH 
b) 
None 
Michael Heider 
Chairman of the Group Works Council 
Vice Chairman of the General Works Council of METRO Deutschland GmbH 
Chairman of the Works Council of METRO Schwelm 
Employee representative 
a) 
Metro Großhandelsgesellschaft mbH (Vice Chairman) 
b) 
None 
Udo Höfer 
Store Manager of METRO Krefeld 
Employee representative 
a) 
None 
b) 
None 
Arlind Idrizi 
Staff member FSD and Chairman of the Works Council METRO Gastro Hameln 
Employee representative 
a) 
None 
b) 
None 
Heidi Müllenberg 
Chairwoman of the Works Council of METRO Dortmund – Mitte 
Employee representative

--- Page 146 ---
144 
 
 
a) 
Metro Großhandelsgesellschaft mbH 
b) 
None 
Klaus Pollmann 
Chairman of the Works Council of METRO Deutschland GmbH Administration 
Employee representative 
a) 
Metro Großhandelsgesellschaft mbH 
b) 
None 
Roman Šilha 
Head of Mergers & Acquisitions, EP Global Commerce a.s., Prague, Czech Republic 
VESA Equity Investment S.à r.l., Luxembourg 
Shareholder representative 
a) 
None 
b) 
None 
Eva-Lotta Sjöstedt 
Independent Business Consultant 
Independent shareholder representative 
a) 
None 
b) 
Elisa Corporation, Helsinki, Finland - Board of Directors; 
Tritax 
EuroBox 
plc, 
London, 
United 
Kingdom 
- 
Board 
of 
Directors; 
Alliance Pharma plc, Chippenham, United Kingdom – Board of Directors 
Marek Spurný 
General Counsel of EP Group, a.s., Prague, Czech Republic 
Shareholder representative 
a) 
None 
b) 
ACS 
PROPERTIES, 
a.s., 
Prague, 
Czech 
Republic 
- 
Supervisory 
Board; 
CE Electronics Holding a.s., Prague, Czech Republic - Supervisory Board (Vice Chairman)55; 
EP 
Cargo 
a.s., 
Prague, 
Czech 
Republic 
- 
Supervisory 
Board45; 
EP ENERGY TRADING, a.s., Prague, Czech Republic - Supervisory Board45; 
EP Logistics International, a.s., Prague, Czech Republic - Supervisory Board 
45; 
EPPE 
Germany, 
a.s., 
Prague, 
Czech 
Republic 
- 
Supervisory 
Board45; 
FoundHold EP Corporate Group, a.s., Prague, Czech Republic - Supervisory Board 
(Chairman)45; 
Košík Holding a.s., Prague, Czech Republic - Supervisory Board (Chairman)45; 
PT 
měření, 
a.s., 
Prague, 
Czech 
Republic 
- 
Supervisory 
Board 
(Chairman)45; 
Titancoin 
International 
a.s., 
Prague, 
Czech 
Republic 
- 
Supervisory 
Board45; 
Resource Industry Investment Group a.s., Prague, Czech Republic - Supervisory Board 
(Chairman)45 
 
55 
Memberships within the EP Group, cf. section 100 para. 2 sentence 2 AktG.

--- Page 147 ---
145 
 
 
Stefan Tieben 
Certified auditor and tax advisor 
Partner of RLT Ruhrmann Tieben & Partner mbB Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft Steuerberatungsgesellschaft, 
Essen 
Member of the management board of the RLT Group, Essen 
Independent shareholder representative 
a) 
None 
b) 
None 
Georg Vomhof 
Chairman of the Management Board and Chief Investment Officer of Beisheim Capital GmbH, Düsseldorf and 
of Beisheim Management GmbH, Düsseldorf 
Independent shareholder representative 
a) 
None 
b) 
None 
Manuela Wetzko 
Chairwoman of the Works Council of METRO Leipzig 
Employee representative 
a) 
Metro Großhandelsgesellschaft mbH 
b) 
None 
Manfred Wirsch 
Secretary of ver.di – Vereinte Dienstleistungsgewerkschaft 
Employee representative 
a) 
Metro Großhandelsgesellschaft mbH 
b) 
None 
Silke Zimmer 
Secretary of ver.di – Vereinte Dienstleistungsgewerkschaft 
Employee representative 
a) 
None 
b) 
None 
Conflicts of Interest 
Based on the information disclosed in the context of the General Meeting held on 7 February 2024, EP Global 
Commerce GmbH holds 49.99% of the ordinary shares in METRO AG. The following members of the 
Supervisory Board also hold positions at EP Group a.s., Prague, or EP Global Commerce a.s., Prague, which 
are ultimately controlled by Daniel Křetínský: Jana Cejpková, Roman Šilha and Marek Spurný. EP Global 
Commerce a.s., Prague, is the parent company of EP Global Commerce GmbH, Grünwald. 
Jana Cejpková holds the position as Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of EP Real Estate, a.s., Prague and Roman 
Šilha holds the position as Head of Mergers and Acquisitions of EP Global Commerce a.s., Prague and of VESA

--- Page 148 ---
146 
 
 
Equity Investment S.à r.l., Luxembourg. Marek Spurný holds the position of General Counsel of EP Group a.s., 
Prague. 
Georg Vomhof is chairman of the Management Board and Chief Investment Officer of Beisheim Capital GmbH, 
Düsseldorf, and Beisheim Management GmbH, Düsseldorf, the asset management companies of the non-profit 
Prof. Otto Beisheim Foundation, Munich. Stefan Tieben is member of the management board of Meridian 
Foundation, Essen. Between (i) BC Equities GmbH & Co. KG, Düsseldorf, a subsidiary of the Prof. Otto 
Beisheim Foundation, Munich, (ii) Beisheim Holding GmbH, Baar (Switzerland), a subsidiary of the Prof. Otto 
Beisheim Foundation, Baar (Switzerland) and (iii) Palatin Verwaltungsgesellschaft mbH, Essen, a subsidiary of 
the Meridian Foundation, Essen, an agreement on the pooling of voting rights exists. Based on the information 
disclosed in the context of the General Meeting held on 7 February 2024, the parties to the voting rights pool 
together hold 24.99% of the ordinary shares in METRO AG. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus and unless disclosed above, the above-mentioned members of the 
corporate bodies of METRO AG do not have any other potential conflicts of interests between their respective 
duties to METRO AG and their respective private interests or duties. 
(iii) 
General Meeting 
General shareholders’ meetings (regular and extraordinary) take place at the registered office of METRO AG, 
at the location of a German stock exchange or in a city in Germany with more than 500,000 inhabitants. 
Each of the ordinary shares entitles the shareholder to one vote at the general shareholders’ meeting. The voting 
right arises only upon fully paid-up shares. Except as otherwise provided by law and by the articles of 
association, the preference shares do not entitle the shareholder to vote at the general shareholders’ meeting. 
Each of the preference shares entitles the shareholder to one vote at the general shareholders’ meeting of 
METRO AG, provided, however, that the preferred dividend is not paid or not paid in full in any given year and 
if the amounts in arrear are not paid in the next following year, together with the full preferred dividend for such 
year. There are no other restrictions on voting rights.  
Financial Year 
The financial year of METRO AG commences on 1 October and ends on 30 September of the following calendar 
year. 
Ratings 
Standard & Poor’s Credit Market Services Europe Ltd. (“Standard & Poor’s”)56,57 has assigned the long-term 
credit rating of BBB- (negative outlook) 58,59 and short-term rating of A-3 to METRO AG. 
 
56 
Standard & Poor’s is established in the European Community and is registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as 
amended from time to time (the “CRA Regulation”). Standard & Poor’s assigns long-term credit ratings on a 
scale from AAA to D. The ratings from AA to CCC may be modified by the addition of a “+” or “-” to show the 
relative standing within the major rating categories. Standard & Poor’s may also offer guidance (termed a “credit 
watch”) as to whether a rating is likely to be upgraded (positive), downgraded (negative) or uncertain (neutral). 
Standard & Poor’s assigns short-term credit ratings for specific issues on a scale from A-1, A-2, A-3, B, C down 
to D. Within the A-1 category the rating can be designated with a “+”. 
57 
The European Securities and Markets Authority publishes on its website (www.esma.europa.eu) a list of credit 
rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation. That list is updated within five working days 
following the adoption of a decision under Article 16, 17 or 20 CRA Regulation. The European Commission shall 
publish that updated list in the Official Journal of the European Union within 30 days following such update. 
58 
A credit rating assesses the creditworthiness of an entity and informs an investor therefore about the probability 
of the entity being able to redeem invested capital. It is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
59 
An obligor rated ‘BBB’ has adequate capacity to meet its financial commitments. However, adverse economic 
conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to lead to a weakened capacity of the obligor to meet its 
financial commitments.

--- Page 149 ---
147 
 
 
General Information on the Business of METRO 
METRO is an international wholesaler with operations in 33 countries. As of 31 December 2024, the store 
network comprised 623 stores, of which 522 were OOS locations, and 94 were depots. As a multichannel 
operator, METRO combines its wide network of modern wholesale stores with a wide-ranging delivery service. 
The company also offers additional digital services for wholesale customers. 
HoReCa and Traders are the core customer groups of METRO. The HoReCa section includes hotels, restaurants, 
catering companies as well as bars, cafés and canteen operators. The Traders section includes small grocery 
stores and kiosks. The majority of all customer groups are small and medium-sized enterprises as well as sole 
traders. METRO helps them manage their business challenges more effectively. The central element of the 
corporate strategy is the multichannel approach, which combines bricks-and-mortar wholesale stores, which 
still account for approximately 80% of METRO’s sales, with the delivery business and digital solutions. This 
business model focuses on professional customers. The assortments comprise food and non-food items. 
METRO is implementing its sCore growth strategy, which was defined in financial year 2020/21 and is geared 
towards 2030. sCore emphasises the group’s exclusive focus on wholesale. The ambitious endeavour until 2030 
encompasses more than €40 billion for sales and more than €2 billion for earnings (EBITDA). Long-term growth 
in out-of-home consumption and the highly fragmented competitive environment provide the external 
conditions for METRO’s sales and earnings targets. METRO sees great growth potential in a strong expansion 
of the HoReCa delivery business, the digital sales share with goods and services and the traditional wholesale 
business. METRO’s different channels and services are closely interwoven. With regard to sales and costs, they 
complement each other synergistically and do not compete with each other.  
By 2030, METRO wants to grow its market share by significantly expanding its role as a leading international 
food wholesaler. To achieve this aspiration, the company wants to triple its delivery sales, increase sales in 
wholesale stores by more than 20% compared to financial year 2020/21, and grow the sales of the online 
marketplace METRO MARKETS to more than €1.5 billion. 
In order to reach its goals, METRO identified and uses the following value drivers: 
 
METRO has a wide reach in its core customer groups and strives to maximise its customer potential 
through high customer retention. By 2030, METRO wants to generate more than 80% of sales with its 
core customer groups.  
 
METRO tailors its product range to the needs of professional customers and aims to increase its own 
brands’ share of sales to over 35% by 2030. Furthermore, METRO uses tiered pricing to reflect its 
wholesale focus.  
 
METRO aims to reach a stock availability rate of more than 98% by 2030. To increase its productivity 
at the same time, METRO is reducing the product range in specific product groups that do not address 
the needs of its core customers. 
 
The delivery business is METRO’s key growth driver. METRO continues to expand the delivery 
channel and has set the goal of increasing its delivery business’ share of sales to more than 33% by 
2030. This will allow METRO to address the channel preferences of its customers better than before. 
Furthermore, METRO is opening access to customer groups who only accept delivery, such as the 
communal catering sector. 
 
METRO further improves the digital customer experience and promotes the use of its digital ordering 
platform M-Shop as well as the METRO Companion app, which integrates its sales channels. METRO 
wants to grow its digital sales share to at least 40% by 2030. 
Employees 
During the financial year 2023/24, METRO employed an average of 87,810 (2022/23: 91,210). This number 
includes 11,737 (2022/23: 12,743) part-time employees.

--- Page 150 ---
148 
 
 
Selected Consolidated Financial Information of METRO  
The following table shows selected financial performance indicators of METRO as of and for the financial years 
ended 30 September 2023 and 2024 and the three months ended 31 December 2023 and 2024 and, as applicable, 
non-IFRS financial measures, which are referred to as alternative performance measures (“APM”). Such APM 
should be read in connection with the explanations below. 
METRO in Figures 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Key financial figures  
(in € million) 
2022/23
2023/24
Change 
in %
*Q1 
2023/24
*Q1 
2024/25
Change 
in %
Sales (net) 
30,551
31,029
1.6
8,115
8,572
5.6
Adjusted EBITDA 
1,174
1,058
-9.9
407
412
1.3
EBITDA 
1,534
1,122
-26.9
436
408
-6.4
EBIT 
598
218
-63.6
227
193
-15.2
EBT 
609
-35
-
193
125
-35.2
Profit or loss for the period 
439
-125
-
130
75
-42.3
Cash flow from operating activities 
721
1,079
49.7
286
-14
-
Cash flow from investing activities 
-46
-221
-
160
-152
-
Cash flow from financing activities 
-820
-625
-
-404
382
-
Assets 
11,648
11,736
0.8
11,597
12,433
7.2
Equity 
2,022
1,669
-17.5
2,150
1,760
-18.2
Net debt 
3,051
3,203
5,0
2,676
3,537
32.2
* New definition of adjusted EBITDA and transformation costs from 1 October 2024, incl. prior-year adjustment (see definition of Adjusted EBITDA). 
The following table shows the historical development of the Net debt of METRO for the period from the 
financial year 2018/19 until the financial year 2023/24: 
Net debt development (in € million) 
  
  
  
 
  
2018/1960
2019/20
2020/21
2021/22
2022/23
2023/24
Net debt 
5,419
3,771
3,466
3,281
3,051
3,203
 “Adjusted EBITDA” (Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortisation) is the EBITDA 
excluding transformation costs and earnings contributions from real estate transactions. The term 
‘transformation costs’ comprises non-regularly-recurring effects from strategic portfolio adjustments. Starting 
in financial year 2024/25, transformation costs/income will comprise not only portfolio measures, but also costs 
incurred in connection with group-wide restructuring initiatives. 
For a detailed reconciliation of “Adjusted EBITDA” see METRO AG’s Annual Report 2023/24 (Segment 
Reporting, p. 101), which is incorporated by reference. 
“EBITDA” is the profit or loss before financial result, income taxes, depreciation/amortisation/impairment 
losses/reversals of impairment losses on property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and investment 
properties. This figure serves the purpose of comparing companies with accounting systems that follow different 
accounting rules.  
For a detailed reconciliation of the “EBITDA” see METRO AG’s Annual Report 2023/24 (Segment Reporting, 
p. 101), which is incorporated by reference. 
 
60 Full retrospective application of IFRS16 (Leases)

--- Page 151 ---
149 
 
 
“EBIT” (Earnings Before Interest and Taxes) is the profit or loss before financial result and (income) taxes. 
Due to its independence from different forms of financing and tax systems, this key figure is also used for 
international comparison with other companies. 
For a detailed reconciliation of the “EBIT” see METRO AG’s Annual Report 2023/24 (Segment Reporting, 
p. 101), which is incorporated by reference. 
“EBT” (Earnings before Taxes) is the profit or loss before taxes. Due to its independence from different tax 
systems, this figure is used for international comparison with other companies. 
For a detailed reconciliation of the “EBT” see METRO AG’s Annual Report 2023/24 (Income Statement, p. 95), 
which is incorporated by reference. 
“Net debt” results from the balance of the financial liabilities (including liabilities from leases), cash and cash 
equivalents plus financial investments. Financial investments include short-term bank deposits and short-term 
liquid debt instruments that can be sold on short notice. 
For a detailed reconciliation of the “Net Debt” see METRO AG’s Annual Report 2023/24 (Economic Report, 
p. 66), which is incorporated by reference. 
Business Development of the Group 
Financial year 2023/24 
Sales in local currency increased by 4.2%. Growth was driven by all segments and all sales channels. Despite 
negative portfolio effects, sales in local currency in store-based business rose to €22.9 billion (+0.8%), delivery 
sales to €7.9 billion (+14.7%) and METRO MARKETS sales to €0.2 billion (+49.3%). Reported sales increased 
by 1.6% to €31.0 billion, driven to a major extent by negative currency effects, especially in Russia and Turkey. 
The adjusted EBITDA declined to €1,058 million in financial year 2023/24 (2022/23: €1,174 million). The sales 
growth from sCore generally leads to EBITDA growth. Offsetting effects in financial year 2023/24 included the 
continuing transformation requirements in the wholesale business, the expiry of licence earnings from WM 
Holding (HK) Limited in the previous year and other post-transaction effects (segment Others) as well as cost 
pressure. Adapted for exchange rates, adjusted EBITDA declined by €78 million compared to the period from 
the previous financial year. There were negative currency effects primarily in Russia and in Turkey. 
In financial year 2023/24, transformation gains of €22 million (2022/23: transformation gains of €153 million) 
were recognised from previous portfolio measures. In the previous financial year, transformation gains resulted 
in particular from the sale of the business in India. Earnings contributions from real estate transactions amounted 
to €42 million (2022/23: €208 million); they were primarily the result of two real estate transactions in Turkey. 
In financial year 2022/23, the earnings contribution from real estate transactions mainly included the sale of 
part of the METRO Campus. The EBITDA reached a total of €1,122 million (2022/23: €1,534 million). 
Q1 2024/25 
Sales in local currency grew by 7.1%. All segments, in particular the segment East, the segment West, and 
Russia, and all sales channels contributed to growth. In local currency, sales in store-based business increased 
to €6.4 billion (+4.5%), delivery sales to €2.1 billion (+15.3%) and METRO MARKETS sales to €40 million 
(+17.1%), driven by the HoReCa business. Total sales grew by 5.6% to €8.6 billion and were influenced by 
negative exchange rate effects, particularly in Russia and Turkey. 
Adjusted EBITDA increased slightly to €412 million (Q1 2023/24: €407 million), due to sales growth. In 
contrast, cost inflation continued to have an opposing effect in Q1 2024/25. Adjusted for exchange rate effects, 
adjusted EBITDA increased by €15 million compared to the same period of the previous year, driven in 
particular by growth in the segment East, Russia, and the segment West. In Germany, adjusted EBITDA 
decreased slightly due to cost inflation and price investments. The segment Others was impacted in particular 
by lower rental income at METRO Properties. Negative exchange rate effects mainly affected Turkey and 
Russia. 
The earnings contributions from real estate transactions amounted to €1 million (Q1 2023/24: €28 million). The 
previous year mainly included two property transactions in Turkey. Transformation costs totaling €5 million

--- Page 152 ---
150 
 
 
were incurred (Q1 2023/24: €1 million transformation gain). Overall, EBITDA decreased to €408 million (Q1 
2023/24: €436 million). 
Development of the Segments 
Germany 
In Germany, sales in local currency increased by 0.7% in financial year 2023/24. Implementation of the sCore 
strategy made good progress, although the segment Germany continues to be in a transformation phase. 
Reported sales increased to €4.9 billion. Adjusted EBITDA in financial year 2023/24 decreased to €111 million 
(2022/23: €137 million). This was due to expected cost inflation and continued investments in price positioning 
in a deflationary environment. 
West 
In the segment West, sales increased by 2.0% in financial year 2023/24. In particular Spain and Italy as well as 
the delivery specialists contributed to this rise. The positive sales development with HoReCa customers was 
negatively impacted by the delayed start to the summer season due to weather conditions, especially in France. 
Reported sales increased to €12.8 billion. Adjusted EBITDA in financial year 2023/24 increased to €616 million 
(2022/23: €614 million). The increase is particularly attributable to the strong sales development compared to 
the previous financial year. The expected cost inflation had the opposite effect. 
Russia 
In Russia, sales in local currency in financial year 2023/24 increased significantly by 14.2%. In the previous 
year, business had been significantly affected as a result of the cyberattack. Due to negative currency effects, 
reported sales declined by 2.9% to €2.4 billion. The adjusted EBITDA amounted to €143 million in financial 
year 2023/24 (2022/23: €152 million). Adjusted for currency effects, adjusted EBITDA increased by €13 
million, bearing in mind that the previous financial year had been negatively affected by the cyberattack. 
East 
In the segment East, sales in local currency increased significantly by 6.1%. This includes a negative portfolio 
effect22 of around 5 percentage points. Almost all countries, in particular Romania, Ukraine, the Czech 
Republic and Bulgaria, contributed to this positive development, driven primarily by the clearly positive 
development of the business with strategic customers. The largest increase in sales was recorded in Turkey, 
which was heavily supported by inflation. Because of negative currency effects, especially in Turkey, reported 
sales increased by 2.0% to €10.6 billion. Adjusted EBITDA in financial year 2023/24 increased to €408 million 
(2022/23: €394 million). Adjusted for currency effects, adjusted EBITDA increased by €31 million for sales-
related reasons. Transformation gains of €150 million had been recognised in the previous financial year, in 
particular from the sale of the business in India. In the absence of transformation gains, EBITDA fell to €410 
million (2022/23: €544 million). 
Others 
In the segment Others, sales in financial year 2023/24 increased by €56 million to €268 million and include in 
particular METRO MARKETS sales of €165 million (2022/23: €110 million). This increase was driven by the 
growth of the marketplace, particularly in France, Spain and Italy. The sales of DISH Digital Solutions, which 
amounted to €44 million (2022/23: €35 million), also made a significant contribution to growth (+>20%). The 
adjusted EBITDA amounted to €−221 million in financial year 2023/24 (2022/23: €−133 million). In the 
previous financial year, adjusted EBITDA had until April 2023 benefited from licence earnings from the 
partnership with WM Holding (HK) Limited and other post-transaction effects, which were not repeated to a 
similar extent in financial year 2023/24. Further investments in digitalisation were made in the reporting period. 
Earnings contributions from real estate transactions amounted to €39 million (2022/23: €203 million) and were 
primarily the result of two real estate transactions in Turkey in Q1 2023/24. The previous financial year’s figures 
included the sale of part of the METRO Campus. Transformation gains from previous portfolio measures of 
€21 million (2022/23: €2 million) were generated. EBITDA stood at €−160 million (2022/23: €72 million).

--- Page 153 ---
151 
 
 
Investments/Divestments 
In financial year 2023/24, METRO invested €1,196 million and is thus €49 million above the previous financial 
year’s investment volume of €1,147 million. The increase in investments resulted largely from lease extensions 
for numerous locations in Germany, while in financial year 2022/23 the value of lease extensions had been 
lower, especially in the segment West. In addition, investments continued to be made in financial year 2023/24 
in the delivery business and the transformation of wholesale stores to multichannel fulfilment centres, which 
are a significant pillar of the sCore strategy. The conversions will expand delivery capacities in a targeted 
manner and ensure the efficient dovetailing of the sales channels.  
The focus on sustainability and digitalisation was maintained in financial year 2023/24 and significant 
investments were made. The FSD companies Fisk Idag, Donier Gastronomie and Caterite were acquired in the 
segment West; the previous financial year had seen the takeover of Johan i Hallen & Bergfalk in the same 
segment. By making these acquisitions, METRO is expanding its food service expertise as well as its presence 
in Sweden, Finland and Great Britain.  
The number of wholesale stores declined by one to 623 stores in financial year 2023/24, as one wholesale store 
in Turkey was damaged in an earthquake and had to be closed. Proceeds from divestments amount to €101 
million and mainly relate to real estate disposals. 
Capital Structure of METRO AG 
As of 30 September 2024, the METRO balance sheet reports equity in the amount of €1.7 billion (30/9/2023: 
€2.0 billion).  
Equity was down, largely because of the dividend payment of €201 million and the loss for the period of €125 
million. The equity ratio stood at 14.2% (30/9/2023: 17.4%). 
Net debt increased by €0.15 billion and amounts to €3.2 billion as of 30 September 2024 (30/9/2022: €3.05 
billion). Financial liabilities rose, mainly due to lease extensions and indexations as well as the issuance of a 
bond; redemptions of commercial papers had an offsetting effect. Current financial liabilities increased as some 
liabilities approached maturity. Trade liabilities increased by €0.1 billion, primarily for currency-related reasons. 
Compared to 30 September 2023, the debt ratio increased from 82.6% by 3.1 percentage points to 85.8%. 
Borrowing and Funding Structure of METRO AG 
There has been no material change in the borrowing and funding structure of METRO AG since the date of its 
last audited financial statements for the financial year ended 30 September 2024. 
METRO AG mainly uses its capital market programmes (i.e. its Euro Commercial Paper Programme and its 
Debt Issuance Programme) to cover short- and long-term financing requirements, but occasionally uses other 
debt instruments when opportune. The following table shows the maturities of issues from the capital market 
programmes and promissory notes of METRO AG as of 31 December 2024 in nominal amounts, without 
accrued and future interest: 
Maturity profile (in € million) 
One year period from  
30.09.2024 
30.09.2025 30.09.2026 30.09.2027 
30.09.2028 30.09.2029 
Bonds 
600 
- 
- 
- 
500 
- 
Private placements/ 
Promissory notes 
- 
- 
50 
124 
- 
176 
Commercial paper 
76 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-

--- Page 154 ---
152 
 
 
Expected Financing of METRO’s Activities 
METRO AG centrally performs the management of the group’s financing activities. It ensures solvency of the 
group at all times, reduces financial risks where economically feasible and grants loans to group companies. 
The objective is to cover the financing requirements of the group companies cost-effectively and in sufficient 
amounts via the international banking and capital markets as well as utilising internal group cash pool structures. 
The financial activities are based on a financial budget for the group, which covers all relevant companies. The 
selection of financial products is generally based on the maturities of the underlying transactions. 
The company’s medium- and long-term financing needs are covered by the debt issuance programme. On 7 
March 2024, a new bond with a nominal volume of €500 million, a term of 5 years and a 4.625% coupon was 
issued. On 10 July 2024, a matured bond of €51 million was redeemed. As of 30 September 2024, the utilisation 
of the debt issuance programme amounted to a total of €1,150 million (30/9/2023: €701 million). On 19 March 
2025, a bond in the nominal amount of €600 million becomes due.  
Short-term financing requirements are primarily covered through the Euro Commercial Paper Programme as 
well as bilateral credit lines. As of 30 September 2024, utilisation of the Commercial Paper Programme was 
€76 million (30/9/2023: €225 million) and bilateral credit lines were used in the amount of €54 million 
(30/9/2023: €112 million). As a cash reserve, METRO AG has a syndicated revolving credit facility of €1,000 
million and additional bilateral credit facilities of €100 million. There was no drawdown in financial year 
2023/24 and these facilities are undrawn as of the date of the Base Prospectus. 
Statutory Auditors 
The consolidated financial statements of METRO AG for the financial years ended 30 September 2022 and 30 
September 2023 were prepared according to the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), as adopted 
by the EU and the additional requirements under Section 315e (1) of the German Commercial Code 
(Handelsgesetzbuch - HGB) and were audited in accordance with Section 317 of the German Commercial Code 
(Handelsgesetzbuch - HGB) and German generally accepted standards for the audit of financial statements 
promulgated by the German Institute of Public Auditors (Institut der Wirtschaftsprüfer - IDW) by KPMG AG 
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft, Tersteegenstrasse 19-31, 40474 Düsseldorf, Germany, a member of the 
Chamber of Public Accountants (Wirtschaftsprüferkammer), who have issued an unqualified audit opinion 
thereon. 
Trend Information 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the METRO AG since the date of its last audited 
financial statements for the financial year ended 30 September 2024.  
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of METRO since 30 September 2024 to the 
date of this Base Prospectus.  
No Significant Change in the Financial Position 
There has been no significant change in the financial position of METRO since the date of the last published 
consolidated financial statements of METRO for the period ending 30 September 2024. 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
There are no, nor have there been any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which METRO AG is aware) which may have or have had 
during the two business years prior to the date of this Base Prospectus a significant effect on the financial 
position of METRO AG. 
Share Capital 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the share capital of METRO AG amounts to EUR 363,097,253.00. It is 
divided into a total of 360,121,736 no-par-value bearer ordinary shares as well as 2,975,517 no-par-value bearer 
preference shares. Each no-par share in the company has a notional interest of EUR 1.00 in the share capital. 
The share capital has been fully paid up.

--- Page 155 ---
153 
 
 
Material Contracts 
There are no material contracts of which METRO AG is aware to the best of its knowledge and which it did not 
enter in the ordinary course of business and which had or may have in the future a material effect on METRO 
AG’s ability to meet its obligations to the noteholders under the Notes. 
Documents Available 
The following documents can be inspected as electronic versions on the following websites until the validity of 
this Base Prospectus ends: 
(a) 
the Articles of Association of the Issuer 
https://www.metroag.de/en/company/corporate-governance 
(b) 
this Base Prospectus and any supplements thereto 
https://investors.metroag.de/bonds 
(c) 
the documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus (accessed by using the hyperlinks 
set out in the section “Documents Incorporated by Reference” above) 
(d) 
any Final Terms relating to Notes which are admitted to trading or listed on any stock exchange

--- Page 156 ---
154 
 
 
Warning regarding Taxation 
THE TAX LEGISLATION OF THE STATE OF RESIDENCE OF A PROSPECTIVE PURCHASER OF 
NOTES AND THE ISSUER’S COUNTRY OF INCORPORATION MAY HAVE AN IMPACT ON THE 
INCOME RECEIVED FROM THE NOTES. 
PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF THE NOTES ARE ADVISED TO CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX 
ADVISORS AS TO THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE PURCHASE, OWNERSHIP AND 
DISPOSITION OF NOTES, INCLUDING THE EFFECT OF ANY STATE OR LOCAL TAXES, UNDER 
THE TAX LAWS OF GERMANY AND EACH COUNTRY OF WHICH THEY ARE RESIDENTS OR 
WHICH THEY MAY OTHERWISE BE LIABLE FOR TAXES.

--- Page 157 ---
155 
 
 
Subscription and Sale  
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE, ING 
Bank N. V., J.P. Morgan SE, Société Générale and UniCredit Bank GmbH (together, the “Dealers”). The 
arrangements under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and purchased by, 
Dealers are set out in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 11 February 2025 (the “Dealer 
Agreement”) and made between the Issuer and the Dealers. Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision 
for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant Notes, the price at which such Notes will be purchased by 
the Dealers and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in 
respect of such purchase. The Dealer Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of 
appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect 
of the Programme or in relation to a particular tranche of Notes. In relation to a public offer of Notes, the terms 
and conditions of the offer, the expected timetable of the offer, the plan of distribution and allotment, details 
relating to the pricing of the issue and a summary of details regarding the placement and underwriting 
arrangements will be set forth in the applicable Final Terms. Depending on the arrangements made for a specific 
tranche of Notes, any Dealer or any other institution may provide liquidity regarding the trading of the Notes in 
the secondary market. Such liquidity arrangements will be made in accordance with all applicable rules and 
regulations and will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. 
General 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed that it will comply with all applicable securities laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or 
distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the 
purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to 
which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any 
Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor. Neither the Issuer nor the Dealers have represented that Notes 
may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any 
jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or has assumed any responsibility for facilitating 
such sale. 
United States of America 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes, 
(i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution 
of the Notes comprising the relevant tranche of Notes, except in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S 
under the Securities Act. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed that neither it, its affiliates nor 
any persons acting on its or their behalf have engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts with respect 
to the Notes, and it and they have complied and will comply with the offering restrictions requirement of 
Regulation S. 
Terms used in the paragraph above have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
In addition, until 40 days after the later of (i) the commencement of the offering of Notes and (ii) the issue date 
of the Notes, in each case comprising any tranche of Notes, any offer or sale of Notes within the United States 
by any Dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax 
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States Internal 
Revenue Code and regulations thereunder.

--- Page 158 ---
156 
 
 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000, as amended (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto 
to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United 
Kingdom: 
(A) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made 
other than pursuant to section 86 of the FSMA (a “Public Offer”), following the date of 
publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been approved by the Financial 
Conduct Authority, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by 
final terms contemplating such Public Offer, in the period beginning and ending on the dates 
specified in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing 
to its use for the purpose of that Public Offer; 
(B) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(C) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the 
prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(D) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (B) to (D) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “an offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and 
the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the

--- Page 159 ---
157 
 
 
expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
(i) it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and 
will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, where the issue of the Notes would otherwise 
constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
European Economic Area 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); or 
(ii)  
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii)  
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus 
Regulation”); and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Prospectus Regulation public offer selling restriction 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it 
has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this

--- Page 160 ---
158 
 
 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except 
that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made 
other than pursuant to Article 1 (4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State (a “Non-
exempt Offer”), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes 
which has been approved by the competent authority in that Member State or, where 
appropriate, approved in another Member State and notified to the competent authority in that 
Member State, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the Final 
Terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, 
in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or Final Terms, as 
applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt 
Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1 (4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes in 
any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Notes, and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per la Società e la Borsa 
(“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed 
that it will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, any Note or distribute copies of this Base Prospectus 
or of any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy except: 
(i) 
pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”), to qualified investors 
(investitori qualificati), as defined under Article 35, first paragraph, letter d) of CONSOB 
Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, as amended (“Regulation No. 20307”), pursuant 
to Article 34-ter, first paragraph, letter b), of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, 
as amended (“Regulation No. 11971”); or 
(ii) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to 
Article 1, paragraph 4, of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 100 of Legislative Decree of 
24 February 1998, No. 58, as amended (the “Italian Financial Act”) and their implementing 
CONSOB regulations, including Regulation No. 11971. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must be in compliance with the selling restriction under 
(i) and (ii) above and: 
(a) 
made by investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Italian Financial Act, Regulation 
No. 20307, Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended (the “Banking Act”), and 
any other applicable laws or regulation;

--- Page 161 ---
159 
 
 
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of 
Italy, as amended, pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request information on the offering or issue 
of securities in Italy or by Italian persons outside of Italy; and 
(c) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB or 
the Bank of Italy or any other Italian authority. 
Any investor purchasing the Notes is solely responsible for ensuring that any offer, sale, delivery or resale of 
the Notes by such investor occurs in compliance with applicable Italian laws and regulations. 
Provisions relating to the secondary market 
Potential investors should also note in connection with the subsequent distribution of Notes in the Republic of 
Italy, in accordance with Article 100-bis of the Italian Financial Act, where no exemption from the rules on 
public offerings applies under paragraphs (i) and (ii) above, the subsequent distribution of the Notes on the 
secondary market in the Republic of Italy must be made in compliance with the public offer and the prospectus 
requirement rules provided under the Prospectus Regulation, the Italian Financial Act and Regulation No. 
11971. Failure to comply with such rules may result in the sale of such Notes being declared null and void and 
in the intermediaries transferring the Notes being liable for any damages suffered by investors or potential 
investors. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes 
or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell 
any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not 
circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or 
material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether 
directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than(i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 
4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”)) 
pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA or (ii) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) 
pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA.

--- Page 162 ---
160 
 
 
ADDRESS LIST 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
METRO AG 
Metro-Strasse 1 
40235 Düsseldorf 
Germany 
DEALERS 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Börsenplatz 9 
60313 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstrasse 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstrasse 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Marienturm 
Taunusanlage 9-10 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
ING Bank N. V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Société Générale 
29 Boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
 
FISCAL AND PAYING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To METRO AG as to German law: 
METRO’s General Counsel 
Metro-Strasse 1 
40235 Düsseldorf 
Germany 
To the Dealers as to German law: 
White & Case LLP 
Bockenheimer Landstrasse 20 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
AUDITORS

--- Page 163 ---
161 
 
 
To METRO AG: 
KPMG AG 
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft 
Tersteegenstrasse 19-31 
40474 Düsseldorf, Germany