--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
Metso Outotec Corporation 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Republic of Finland) 
EUR 2,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
(Notes issued under the Programme will have a minimum denomination of EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in another 
currency)) 
This base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) has been approved by the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur 
Financier (the “CSSF”), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “EU Prospectus Regulation”) for the 
purpose of giving information with regard to the issue of notes (“Notes”) issued under this EUR 2,000,000,000 Euro Medium 
Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) described in this Base Prospectus during the period of twelve months after the date 
hereof. The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CSSF should not be considered as an endorsement of the 
Issuer or of the quality of any Notes that are subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to 
the suitability of investing in the Notes. The CSSF gives no undertaking as to the economic and financial soundness of the 
transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency of Metso Outotec Corporation (the “Issuer”, and 
together with its consolidated subsidiaries, “Metso Outotec” or the “Group”). 
Application has been made for Notes (other than Non PR Notes (as defined herein)) issued under the Programme during the 
period of twelve months after the date hereof to be admitted to listing on the official list and to trading on the Bourse de 
Luxembourg, the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the “Regulated Market”), which is a regulated market 
for the purposes of the Directive on Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (“MiFID II”). Non PR 
Notes may be unlisted and/or may be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation on a market, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (in circumstances where the provisions of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation do not apply). 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
Interest payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR as specified in the relevant Final Terms, Pricing 
Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrator of EURIBOR is included in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
(“ESMA”) under Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”). The registration status 
of any administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, 
the Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms, Pricing Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus to reflect any change in the 
registration status of the administrator. 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. Factors which could be material for the purposes of 
assessing the risks associated with the Notes issued under the Programme are set out under “Risk Factors”. 
Arranger 
Citigroup 
 
Dealers 
BBVA 
BNP PARIBAS 
Citigroup 
Commerzbank 
HSBC 
Nordea 
OP Corporate Bank plc 
SEB 
Standard Chartered Bank 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 22 November 2022

--- Page 2 ---
(i) 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Under this EUR 2,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme, the Issuer may from time to time issue Notes 
denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
No Notes may be issued under the Programme which have a minimum denomination of less than EUR 100,000 (or its 
equivalent in another currency). Subject thereto, Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (as defined below), subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central 
bank requirements. 
Final Terms, Pricing Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes” (the “Conditions”) as completed by a document specific to such Tranche called final terms (the “Final Terms”) 
or, in the case of Non PR Notes (as defined below), a Pricing Supplement (as defined below) or in a separate prospectus 
specific to such Tranche (the “Drawdown Prospectus”). 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will not exceed 
EUR 2,000,000,000 (and, for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be translated into euro at the 
date of the agreement to issue such Notes (calculated in accordance with the provisions of the Dealer Agreement (as defined 
under “Subscription and Sale”)). The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be outstanding at any one 
time under the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the 
Dealer Agreement. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “General Description of the 
Programme” and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a “Dealer” 
and together, the “Dealers”), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this 
Base Prospectus to the “Relevant Dealer” shall, in relation to an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by 
more than one Dealer, be to all the Dealers agreeing to subscribe for such Notes, or in the case of a syndicated issue of 
Notes, the lead manager of such issue, as the case may be. 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes herein, in which event (in the case of Notes intended to be listed on the official list and to trading on the 
Regulated Market) a supplement to the base prospectus, if appropriate, or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be, will 
be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes. In the case of Non PR 
Notes (as defined below), the relevant provisions relating to such Non PR Notes will be included in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted 
to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) and/or offered 
to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or Article 3(2) 
of the EU Prospectus Regulation. References in this Base Prospectus to “Non PR Notes” are to Notes for which no 
prospectus is required to be published under the EU Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF has neither approved nor reviewed 
information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with Non PR Notes. 
Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework, Second Party Opinion and External Verification 
In connection with the issue of Sustainability-Linked Notes under the Programme, the Issuer has published a 
“Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework” in June 2022, in accordance with, among others, the 2020 Sustainability-
Linked Bond Principles published by the International Capital Markets Association and the 2021 Sustainability-Linked 
Loan Principles published by the Loan Market Association (the “Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework”). ISS 
ESG has reviewed the Issuer’s Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework and issued a second party opinion on 7 June 
2022 (the “Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework Second-party Opinion”). The Issuer’s Sustainability-Linked 
Financing Framework and the related Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework Second-party Opinion are available on 
the Issuer’s website within the sustainable finance section: www.mogroup.com/corporate/investors/debt-investors/. 
In addition, in connection with any issue of Sustainability-Linked Notes under the Programme, the Issuer will engage an 
Assurance Provider to carry out the relevant assessments required for the purposes of providing an Assurance Report in 
relation to the Sustainability-Linked Notes pursuant to Conditions 8 (Step Up Option), in respect of Step Up Notes, or 10 
(Premium Payment), in respect of Premium Payment Notes. Also such documents will be accessible through the Issuer’s 
website (in the same section in which the related Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework Second-party Opinion are 
available). However, any information on, or accessible through, the Issuer’s website and the information in such opinions 
or report or any past or future Assurance Report is not part of this Base Prospectus and should not be relied upon in 
connection with making any investment decision with respect to any Notes to be issued under the Programme. The Issuer 
does not assume any obligation or responsibility to release any update or revision to the Sustainability-Linked Notes and/or

--- Page 3 ---
(ii) 
 
 
information to reflect events or circumstances after the date of publication of such Sustainability-Linked Financing 
Framework and, therefore, an update or a revision of the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework Second-party 
Opinion may or may not be requested of ISS ESG or other providers of second-party opinions. The Sustainability-Linked 
Financing Framework Second-party Opinion and any other opinion or certification is not intended to address any credit, 
market or other aspects of any investment in any Sustainability-Linked Notes, including without limitation, market price 
of the Notes. Moreover, the second-party opinion providers and providers of similar opinions and certifications are not, as 
at the date of this Base Prospectus, subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Any such opinion or 
certification is not, nor should it be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers, any second-party opinion 
providers or any other person to buy, sell or hold Sustainability-Linked Notes. Prospective investors must determine for 
themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider 
of such opinion or certification for the purposes of any investment in any Sustainability-Linked Notes. 
Prospective investors must determine for themselves the suitability, reliability and relevance of any such frameworks, 
opinions, reports, certifications (such as the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework Second-party Opinion) and/or the 
information contained therein and/or the provider of any such document for the purpose of any investment in the Notes. 
Currently, the providers of such opinions, reports and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other 
regime or oversight. In addition, no assurance or representation is given by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or 
any of their affiliates (including parent companies), second party opinion providers or the Assurance Provider as to 
the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion, report or certification of any third party in 
connection with the offering of any Sustainability-Linked Notes under the Programme. Any such opinion, report or 
certification and any other document related thereto (including, without limitation, the related Sustainability-
Linked Financing Framework) is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
See also the Risk Factors headed “Sustainability-Linked Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking 
exposure to assets with sustainability characteristics”, “The Sustainability-Linked Notes include certain triggers linked to 
sustainability key performance indicators” and “Failure to meet the relevant sustainability targets may have a material 
impact on the market price of any Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under the Programme and could expose the Group 
to reputational risks” below. 
Other Relevant Information 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with any other information 
incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms or, in the case 
of Non PR Notes, a pricing supplement (“Pricing Supplement”) or a Drawdown Prospectus should be read and construed 
together with the relevant Final Terms, Pricing Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Notes 
which is the subject of a Pricing Supplement or a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to: 
(1) information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such 
information being specified or identified in the relevant Pricing Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus and (2) information 
being completed by the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being 
completed, supplemented, amended and/or replaced by the relevant Pricing Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus, unless 
in each case the context requires otherwise. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers named under “Subscription and Sale” that this Base Prospectus (including, for this 
purpose, each relevant Final Terms) contains all information which is (in the context of the Programme and the issue, 
offering and sale of the Notes) material; that such information is true and accurate in all material respects and is not 
misleading in any material respect; that any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed herein are honestly held or made 
and are not misleading in any material respect; that this Base Prospectus does not omit to state any material fact necessary 
to make such information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in the context of the Programme and the issue, offering and 
sale of the Notes) not misleading in any material respect; and that all proper enquiries have been made to verify the 
foregoing. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see “Documents Incorporated 
by Reference” below), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
Unauthorised Information 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent 
with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any information supplied by 
the Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given or made, such information or representation 
should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any Dealer. 
No representation or warranty is made or implied by the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates and neither the Dealers 
nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this Base Prospectus and none of them makes

--- Page 4 ---
(iii) 
 
 
any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus or any responsibility for any acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other person (other than the 
relevant Dealer) in connection with the issue and offering of any Notes. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any 
Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base 
Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely 
to involve any adverse change, in the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer or the Issuer and its Subsidiaries (as 
defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) (the “Group”) since the date thereof or, if later, the date upon which 
this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the 
document containing the same. 
Furthermore, with respect to Notes described as “Sustainability-Linked Notes”, none of the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will verify or monitor if such Notes satisfy investors’ requirements or standards for investment in assets 
with sustainability characteristics, nor the consistency of the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Condition and/or the Supplier SBT 
Condition with the investment requirements and expectation. 
Restrictions on Distribution 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or any Notes 
comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. For a 
description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus or 
any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the Notes, see “Subscription and Sale”. In particular, Notes have 
not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) and 
are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or to U.S. persons. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase any 
Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any of them that any recipient of 
this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) 
of the Issuer and the Group. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or, as the 
case may be, Pricing Supplement (in the case of Non PR Notes) or Drawdown Prospectus) may include a legend entitled 
“MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels 
for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“Distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance 
rules under Commission Delegated Directive (EU) 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers 
nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET - The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or, as the 
case may be, Pricing Supplement (in the case of Non PR Notes) or Drawdown Prospectus) may include a legend entitled 
“UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any Distributor should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a Distributor subject to the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR product governance 
rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS: If the Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes (or, as the case may be, Pricing Supplement (in the case of Non PR Notes) or Drawdown Prospectus) includes a 
legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these

--- Page 5 ---
(iv) 
 
 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes (or, as the case may be, Pricing Supplement (in the case of Non PR Notes) or Drawdown Prospectus) includes a 
legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom 
(“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
THE NOTES MAY NOT BE A SUITABLE INVESTMENT FOR ALL INVESTORS 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In 
particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and risks of 
investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any 
applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular financial 
situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, including 
Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for principal or interest 
payments is different from the potential investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices and 
financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, interest 
rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not purchase complex 
financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial instruments as a way to reduce risk or 
enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor 
should not invest in Notes which are complex instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial 
adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes 
and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. 
LEGAL INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS MAY RESTRICT CERTAIN INVESTMENTS 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation 
by certain authorities.  Each potential investor should consult its legal and tax advisers to determine whether and to what 
extent (i) Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (iii) other 
restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes.  Financial institutions should consult their legal and tax advisors 
or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or 
similar rules. 
Ratings 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has been assigned a BBB- long-term credit rating (positive outlook) by 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”) and a Baa2 long-term credit rating (stable outlook) by Moody’s Investors 
Service Nordics AB (“Moody’s”). S&P and Moody’s are established in the European Union (the “EU”) and registered

--- Page 6 ---
(v) 
 
 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”). According to S&P’s rating system, an 
obligation rated ‘BBB’ exhibits adequate protection parameters. However, adverse economic conditions or changing 
circumstances are more likely to weaken the obligor’s capacity to meet its financial commitments on the obligation. The 
modifier - denotes the relative standing within the rating category. According to Moody’s rating system, the Baa rating 
indicates that the obligations are subject to moderate credit risk. They are considered medium-grade and as such may 
possess speculative characteristics. The numerical modifier 2 indicates a ranking in the mid-range of Moody’s relevant 
generic rating category. 
Tranches of Notes that may be issued under the Programme can be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes issued 
under the Programme is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Such rating will not 
necessarily be the same as the rating(s) assigned to the Issuer or to Notes already issued. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not 
issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating 
is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in 
the EEA, but which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. ESMA is obliged to maintain on its website, 
www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk, a list of credit rating agencies registered and certified in 
accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. The ESMA website is not incorporated by reference into, nor does it form part 
of, this Base Prospectus. This list must be updated within five working days of ESMA’s adoption of any decision to 
withdraw the registration of a credit rating agency under the EU CRA Regulation. Therefore, such list is not conclusive 
evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being 
taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list. 
UK regulated investors are subject to similar restrictions under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK CRA Regulation”). As such, UK regulated investors are required to use for UK 
regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Forward-looking Statements 
This Base Prospectus contains various forward-looking statements regarding events and trends that are subject to risks and 
uncertainties that could cause the actual business activities, results and financial position of the Issuer to differ materially 
from the information presented in this Base Prospectus. When used in this Base Prospectus, the words “estimate”, “project”, 
“intend”, “anticipate”, “believe”, “expect”, “should” and similar expressions, as they relate to the Issuer and its 
management, are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. The Issuer does not undertake any obligation to 
publicly release the result of any revision to these forward-looking statements to reflect the events or circumstances after 
the date of this Base Prospectus or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events unless, as a result of such event or 
circumstance, the Issuer is required under applicable law to publish a supplementary prospectus after the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Alternative Performance Measures 
The Issuer presents certain performance measures of historical financial performance, financial position and cash flows, 
which, in accordance with guidance by ESMA on alternative performance measures, are not accounting measures defined 
or specified in the International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) and are, therefore, considered alternative 
performance measures. In the Issuer’s view, the alternative performance measures provide meaningful supplemental 
information to management, investors and others. The Issuer presents comparable performance measures to reflect 
underlying business performance and to enhance comparability from period to period. The alternative performance 
measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for measures of performance in accordance with IFRS. 
Further, companies do not calculate alternative performance measures in a uniform manner and, therefore, the alternative 
performance measures presented by the Issuer may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies. 
Product Classification Pursuant to Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore 
Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms, Pricing Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus in respect of any Notes, all Notes 
issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and 
Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018).

--- Page 7 ---
(vi) 
 
 
Certain Definitions and Figures 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a “Member State” are references to a Member State of 
the EEA, references to the “EU Prospectus Regulation” are to Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 14 June 2017, references to “U.S. dollar” and “USD” are to the currency of the United States of 
America, references to “Sterling”, “£” and “GBP” are to the currency of the UK, references to “Swedish krona” and 
“SEK” are to the currency of the Kingdom of Sweden and references to “euro”, “€” and “EUR” are to the currency 
introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union and as defined in Article 2 of Council 
Regulation (EC) No. 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures shown for 
the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be 
an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case 
may be, Pricing Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus may over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to 
supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, 
stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate 
public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any 
time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 
60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment 
must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilising 
Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 8 ---
(vii) 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
General Description of the Programme ................................................................................................................................ 1 
Risk Factors .......................................................................................................................................................................... 5 
Responsibility Statement .................................................................................................................................................... 26 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ............................................................................................................................... 27 
Use of Proceeds .................................................................................................................................................................. 29 
Supplement to the Base Prospectus .................................................................................................................................... 30 
Forms of the Notes .............................................................................................................................................................. 31 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes..................................................................................................................................... 35 
Form of Final Terms ........................................................................................................................................................... 68 
Form of Pricing Supplement ............................................................................................................................................... 80 
Overview of Provisions Relating to the Notes While in Global Form ................................................................................ 92 
Metso Outotec Corporation ................................................................................................................................................ 95 
Major Shareholders ........................................................................................................................................................... 104 
Taxation ............................................................................................................................................................................ 105 
Subscription and Sale........................................................................................................................................................ 107 
General Information .......................................................................................................................................................... 110

--- Page 9 ---
1 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description of the Programme does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the 
remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the 
relevant Final Terms. Words and expressions defined in “Forms of the Notes” or “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” 
shall have the same meanings in this general description of the Programme. 
Issuer: ...............................................  
Metso Outotec Corporation 
Arranger: ..........................................  
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Risk Factors: ....................................  
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The 
principal risk factors that may affect the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations 
under the Notes are discussed under “Risk Factors”. 
Dealers: ............................................  
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
 
BNP Paribas 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
HSBC Bank plc 
 
Nordea Bank Abp 
 
OP Corporate Bank plc 
 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
 
Standard Chartered Bank AG 
 
and any other Dealer appointed from time to time by the Issuer either generally in 
respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
Fiscal Agent: ....................................  
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Luxembourg Listing Agent: .............  
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
Final Terms, Pricing Supplement or 
Drawdown Prospectus: ..................  
 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued either: (1) pursuant to this Base 
Prospectus and associated Final Terms, (2) in the case of Non PR Notes, pursuant 
to this Base Prospectus and associated Pricing Supplement or (3) pursuant to a 
Drawdown Prospectus prepared in connection with a particular Tranche of Notes. 
 
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, 
for the purposes of that Tranche only, complete the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes and this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base 
Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes 
which is the subject of Final Terms are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as 
completed to the extent described in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
For a Tranche of Non PR Notes which is the subject of a Pricing Supplement, that 
Pricing Supplement will, for the purposes of that Tranche only, complete, 
supplement, amend and/or replace the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and this 
Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The 
terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Non PR Notes which 
is the subject of a Pricing Supplement are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
as completed, supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent described in 
the relevant Pricing Supplement. 
 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is 
the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus will be the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes as completed, supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent 
described in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus.

--- Page 10 ---
2 
 
 
Admission to Listing and to Trading: 
Application has been made to the CSSF for Notes (other than Non PR Notes) issued 
under the Programme to be admitted to listing on the official list and to trading on 
the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
 
Non PR Notes may be unlisted or may be admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation on a market, stock exchange and/or quotation system as may be agreed 
with the Issuer (in circumstances where the provisions of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation do not apply). 
Clearing Systems: ............................  
Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) and/or, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, any 
other clearing system as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Initial Programme Amount: .............  
Up to EUR 2,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) aggregate 
principal amount of Notes outstanding at any time. The Issuer may increase the 
amount of the Programme in accordance with the terms of the Dealer Agreement. 
Issuance in Series: ............................  
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or more Tranches 
issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each Series will all be subject to 
identical terms, except that the issue date and the amount of the first payment of 
interest may be different in respect of different Tranches. The Notes of each 
Tranche will all be subject to identical terms in all respects save that a Tranche 
may comprise Notes of different denominations. 
Forms of Notes: ...............................  
Notes may only be issued in bearer form. Each Tranche of Notes will initially be 
in the form of either a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note, in each 
case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Global Note which is not 
intended to be issued in new global note form (a “Classic Global Note” or 
“CGN”), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around 
the relevant issue date with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and 
each Global Note which is intended to be issued in new global note form (a “New 
Global Note” or “NGN”), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be 
deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Each Temporary Global Note will be 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note or, if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, for Definitive Notes. If the TEFRA D Rules are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as applicable, certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership will be 
a condition precedent to any exchange of an interest in a Temporary Global Note 
or receipt of any payment of interest in respect of a Temporary Global Note. Each 
Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable for Definitive Notes in accordance 
with its terms. Definitive Notes will, if interest-bearing, have Coupons attached 
and, if appropriate, a Talon for further Coupons and will, if the principal thereof is 
repayable by Instalments, have Receipts attached. 
Currencies: .......................................  
Notes may be denominated in any currency or currencies, subject to compliance 
with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements 
(including the restrictions set out below as at the date of this Base Prospectus). 
Payments in respect of Notes may, subject to such compliance, be made in and/or 
linked to, any currency or currencies other than the currency in which such Notes 
are denominated. 
Status of the Notes: ..........................  
Notes will constitute direct, general and (subject to Condition 5 (Negative Pledge)) 
unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer which will 
at all times rank pari passu among themselves and at least pari passu with all other 
present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, save for 
such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory 
and of general application. 
Issue Price: .......................................  
Notes may be issued at any price, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. The 
price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined 
by the Issuer and the Relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with 
prevailing market conditions.

--- Page 11 ---
3 
 
 
Maturities: ........................................  
Any maturity, subject, in relation to specific currencies, to compliance with all 
applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Where Notes have a maturity of less than one year and either (a) the issue proceeds 
are received by the Issuer in the UK or (b) the activity of issuing the Notes is carried 
on from an establishment maintained by the Issuer in the UK, such Notes must: 
(i) have a minimum redemption value of GBP 100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies) and be issued only to persons whose ordinary activities involve them 
in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, 
hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of 
their businesses; or (ii) be issued in other circumstances which do not constitute a 
contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended (the “FSMA”) by the Issuer, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
Redemption: .....................................  
Notes may be redeemable at par or at such other Redemption Amount as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Notes may also be redeemable in two or more 
Instalments on such dates and in such manner as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Optional Redemption: ......................  
Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity at the option of the Issuer 
(either in whole or in part) and/or the Noteholders, or upon the occurrence of a 
Change of Control Put Event, to the extent (if at all) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Tax Redemption: ..............................  
Except as described in “—Optional Redemption” above, early redemption will 
only be permitted for tax reasons as described in Condition 11(b) (Redemption and 
Purchase—Redemption for tax reasons). 
Interest: ............................................  
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if any) may accrue 
at a fixed rate or a floating rate and the method of calculating interest may vary 
between the issue date and the maturity date of the relevant Series. 
Sustainability-Linked Notes: ...........  
Sustainability-Linked Notes may be issued as Step Up Notes and/or Premium 
Payment Notes. 
Step Up Notes: .................................  
Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes may be subject to a Step Up Option if 
the applicable Final Terms indicate that the Step Up Option is applicable. 
The Rate of Interest for Step Up Notes will be subject to adjustment in the event 
of a Step Up Event. See Condition 8 (Step Up Event). 
Premium Payment Notes: ................  
Notes issued under the Programme may be subject to a Premium Payment 
Condition if the applicable Final Terms indicate that the Premium Payment 
Condition is applicable. 
If a Premium Payment Trigger Event has occurred, the Issuer shall pay in respect 
of the Premium Payment Notes of the relevant Series an amount equal to the 
relevant Premium Payment Amount on the Premium Payment Date. See Condition 
10 (Premium Payment). 
Denominations: ................................  
No Notes may be issued under the Programme which have a minimum 
denomination of less than EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency). 
Subject thereto, Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or 
regulatory and/or central bank requirements. In particular, note the requirements 
of section 19 of the FSMA in relation to Notes which have a maturity of less than 
one year under “Redemption” above. Notes may be issued under the Programme 
in denominations which consist of a minimum Specified Denomination and higher 
integral multiples of another smaller amount. 
Negative Pledge: ..............................  
The Notes will have the benefit of a negative pledge as described in Condition 5 
(Negative Pledge).

--- Page 12 ---
4 
 
 
Cross Default: ..................................  
The Notes will have the benefit of a cross default as described in Condition 14 
(Events of Default). 
Taxation: ..........................................  
All payments of principal and interest in respect of Notes by or on behalf of the 
Issuer will be made free and clear of withholding taxes imposed within the 
Republic of Finland, unless such withholding is required by law. In that event, the 
Issuer will (subject as provided in Condition 13 (Taxation)) pay such additional 
amounts as will result in the Noteholders receiving such amounts as they would 
have received in respect of such Notes had no such withholding been required. 
Ratings: ............................................  
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where an issue of 
Notes is rated, its rating will be specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, change, reduction or withdrawal at 
any time from the assigning rating agency. 
Governing Law: ...............................  
The Notes and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
the Notes will be governed by English law. 
Selling Restrictions: .........................  
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and 
on the distribution of offering material, see “Subscription and Sale”.

--- Page 13 ---
5 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks. Prior to investing in Notes issued under the Programme, 
prospective investors should carefully consider risk factors associated with any investment in the Notes issued under the 
Programme, the business of the Issuer and the industry in which it operates together with all other information contained 
in this Base Prospectus, including, in particular the risk factors described below. Words and expressions defined in the 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. 
The following are the risks that the Issuer believes to be material to an assessment by a prospective investor when 
considering an investment in Notes issued under the Programme. Additional risks and uncertainties relating to the Issuer 
that are not currently known to the Issuer at the date of this Base Prospectus, or that it currently deems immaterial as at 
such date, may individually or cumulatively also have a material adverse effect on the business, prospects, results of 
operations and/or financial position of the Issuer and, if any such risk should occur, the price of the Notes may decline and 
investors could lose all or part of their investment. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, including any 
document incorporated by reference herein, and reach their own views, based upon their own judgement and upon advice 
from such financial, legal and tax advisers as they have deemed necessary, prior to making any investment decision. 
The risk factors presented herein have been divided into five categories based on their nature. These categories are: 
● 
risks relating to Metso Outotec and its industry; 
● 
legal, regulatory and compliance risks; 
● 
risks relating to financing and financial situation; 
● 
risks relating to the combination of the Metso Minerals Business (as defined below) and Outotec; and 
● 
risks relating to the Notes and the trading market. 
Within each category, the risk factor estimated to be the most material on the basis of an overall evaluation of the criteria 
set out in the EU Prospectus Regulation is presented first. However, the order in which the risk factors are presented after 
the first risk factor in each category is not intended to reflect either the relative probability or the potential impact of their 
materialisation. The order of the categories does not represent any evaluation of the materiality of the risk factors within 
that category, when compared to risk factors in another category. 
Risks Relating to Metso Outotec and its Industry 
Uncertain global, regional or local economic and political operating environment could have an effect on Metso 
Outotec’s ability to achieve its strategic goals. 
Metso Outotec’s operations and its customers’ operations are geographically widespread and, therefore, uncertainty in the 
global, regional or local economic and political conditions and in Metso Outotec’s customer industries influence the 
demand for Metso Outotec’s technology, products and services and the availability of financing in some of Metso Outotec’s 
customer industries, which may affect Metso Outotec’s ability to meet its strategic goals. 
During 2022, there has been significant uncertainty in the global markets due to, inter alia, geopolitical tensions, such as 
the war in Ukraine (and the related sanctions and countersanctions) and tensions in the Taiwan Strait, and the Covid-19 
pandemic, which have resulted in high inflation, rising interest rates and high foreign exchange rate volatility, as well as 
caused disruptions in global supply chains. Inflation has risen sharply and has resulted in higher production costs and even 
lack of availability in many markets. This, combined with rising interest rates and high foreign exchange rate volatility, 
could have an adverse impact on the investment levels of Metso Outotec’s customers. In particular, the aggregates market 
in Europe is expected to be adversely affected by the anticipated economic downturn in the region. Global supply chains 
continue to be very tight, challenged by inflation and the availability of materials and components. These challenges may 
be further exacerbated and jeopardise Metso Outotec’s ability to deliver on time and budget. The financial position of 
suppliers may be at risk and could also lead to challenges with on-time deliveries if suppliers are unable to deliver and the 
company is unable to find alternative sources in the time required, which may lead to contractual penalties and/or 
obligations. Uncertain market conditions could also adversely affect Metso Outotec’s customers’ payment behaviour and 
increase the risk of lawsuits, claims and disputes against Metso Outotec in various countries related to, among other things, 
its products, projects and other operations. Furthermore, increased financial uncertainty or volatility in the euro zone and 
other global markets, further fluctuations in exchange rates and tightening financial market regulations, may have an 
adverse effect on the availability of financing from banks and capital markets. Short-term financing deficits may have an 
indirect adverse effect on Metso Outotec’s business operations due to the reduced investment levels of Metso Outotec’s 
customers, which could also increase Metso Outotec’s risks related to receivables.

--- Page 14 ---
6 
 
 
During 2022, Russia’s military offensive against Ukraine, and the related sanctions imposed by the European Union, the 
United States and other countries against Russia as well as counter sanctions, have caused significant short-term risks and 
uncertainties to the markets affecting the entire global operating environment. On 2 March 2022, Metso Outotec announced 
that it would temporarily cease deliveries to Russia, which accounted for approximately 10 per cent of its sales for the year 
ended 31 December 2021. At the end of March 2022, Metso Outotec had an order backlog of EUR 479 million to Russia. 
Around EUR 315 million was originally expected to be recognised as sales in 2022; approximately EUR 215 million of it 
was to non-sanctioned customers at the end of March. Metso Outotec further announced on 21 April 2022 that it was 
working to wind down its existing contracts and deliveries with its non-sanctioned Russian customers through final 
deliveries or termination of contracts, depending on various factors. On 11 July 2022, Metso Outotec announced that after 
having made deliveries worth EUR 67 million to non-sanctioned Russian customers during the second quarter of 2022, it 
decided to make a provision for its remaining exposure in Russia. A non-recurring charge of EUR 150 million for wind-
down and restructuring costs was recorded in the second quarter of 2022. Wind-down-related final deliveries to non-
sanctioned customers during the third quarter of 2022 amounted to EUR 46 million and the provision as at 30 September 
2022 totalled EUR 145 million. Metso Outotec will continue to monitor the situation closely, as further changes are 
expected in sanctions and export control restrictions, as well as in the availability of banking facilities and logistics. While 
Metso Outotec has made a provision for the wind-down of its customer contracts and operations in Russia, the extent to 
which the wind-down can be completed and its final cost could be affected by possible further escalation of the war in 
Ukraine, sanctions and export controls, as well as availability of banking services and logistics. The wind-down can also 
lead to an increased risk of claims, disputes or lawsuits. 
While Covid-19’s impact on the market and Metso Outotec have gradually softened during 2022, there is a risk of further 
variants spreading and causing similar business challenges to those seen in 2020 and 2021. Restrictions continued to ease 
globally in 2022 except for in China, which has implemented targeted lockdowns under its zero-Covid policy that have 
caused further disruption to Metso Outotec’s supply chain, operations and personnel. China is a significant market for 
metal products and, therefore, any uncertainty or adverse changes, such as the economic uncertainty caused by the 
Coronavirus, in, for example, China’s economic outlook and the policies of the Chinese government or the laws and 
regulations in China could have an adverse effect in demand for Metso Outotec’s products and services. Covid-19 may 
begin to pose more severe health risks as new variants may emerge or otherwise, and national or local governments may 
take abrupt measures to restrict its spread. This could impact Metso Outotec’s own and its customers’ operations and restrict 
Metso Outotec’s ability to provide services at customer sites and to run manufacturing sites. To protect its personnel, Metso 
Outotec may also need to take abrupt measures that are likely to affect the efficiency of its operations and customer 
deliveries. 
The cyclical nature of Metso Outotec’s customer industries could result in a decline in orders for Metso Outotec’s 
products or services. 
Metso Outotec’s operations are affected by business cycles in the mining and metallurgical industries and Metso Outotec’s 
operations also depend on developments in the aggregates industry and, particularly, on the level of infrastructure 
investments. The level of infrastructure investments is partly dependent on the overall capital expenditure and the global 
gross domestic product growth, underlying global consumption of metals, balance or imbalance of metals supply and 
demand, the industry capacity utilisation rate and metal prices. The impact of business cycles on the demand for Metso 
Outotec’s products and services in the future is difficult to estimate. However, a prolonged period of uncertainty of 
economic outlook, recession or depression could affect Metso Outotec’s industry segments and result in a decline in orders 
for Metso Outotec’s products and services, which could have a material adverse effect on Metso Outotec’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
Metso Outotec operates in highly competitive markets and it may not be successful in responding to changes in its 
operating environment, and demand for Metso Outotec’s products and services is subject to risks relating to its customer 
industries. 
Metso Outotec’s competitors vary by location, product and/or service and include global companies as well as more 
regional and local players. Metso Outotec’s objective is to differentiate itself from its competitors through local presence, 
technological know-how, product development, solution expertise, focus on sustainability, quality and safety and a 
comprehensive services offering, as well as through long-term commitment with its customers. Metso Outotec’s operations 
are dependent on its ability to maintain its competitive position and market share as well as on its ability to manage and 
develop existing and new customer relationships. Changes in demand for Metso Outotec’s customer industries could affect 
its operations and competitive position in the market. Such changes in demand may be related to, for example, general 
economic conditions and industry cycles, changes in its customer companies’ strategies, product requirements, 
digitalisation and innovative technologies. In addition, changes in customer organisational structures as well as Metso 
Outotec’s ability to manage its customer relations may affect its operations. 
In addition, Metso Outotec’s competitive advantage is dependent on skilled experts as described in “—Metso Outotec is 
subject to risks relating to the management of human resources and organisational structure and a failure to manage these

--- Page 15 ---
7 
 
 
risks effectively could have an adverse effect on Metso Outotec’s competitiveness and development of its business 
operations” below. 
Metso Outotec seeks to operate flexibly and cost-efficiently to ensure its competitiveness. Metso Outotec also closely 
monitors changes in its competitive environment. If the global economy experiences a downturn, the markets for Metso 
Outotec’s products may contract, which may lead to increased price competition. New cost-effective players may alter the 
competitive situation and a tougher pricing environment may make it harder for Metso Outotec to integrate increasing 
employee costs and raw material costs into its prices. Changes may occur from bankruptcies, industry consolidation and 
entry of new participants. In addition, competition in spare parts has increased as local competitors with lower cost levels 
use aggressive pricing strategies. In particular, customers may seek local service providers during economic downturns in 
order to save costs. Also, certain other external factors, such as compliance with regulations, competitive alternatives and 
changes in the prevailing market preferences may have an adverse effect on the demand on Metso Outotec’s service 
business. 
In addition, certain countries exercise significant control over the economy by allocating resources and restricting 
investments by foreign investors, and by regulating the growth of general and/or specific markets. Such countries may 
implement measures to encourage economic growth and direct the allocation of resources, which may prevent or limit the 
growth in the industries in which Metso Outotec operates, or provide preferential treatment to other industries or companies. 
For additional information on certain risks related to governmental protection and trade protection measures, see “—Legal, 
Regulatory and Compliance Risks—Trade sanctions, increased customs duties as well as other trade protection or 
restriction measures could adversely affect Metso Outotec’s profitability and its access to new markets” below. 
Metso Outotec may not be successful in product development and innovation or in the development of its production 
processes to keep pace with competitors. 
Metso Outotec aims to differentiate itself from its competitors by offering technological know-how that supports 
sustainable productivity. Metso Outotec also aims to achieve a competitive advantage through continuous product 
development and innovation based on research and cooperation with its customers. As Metso Outotec’s customers operate 
in industries that include mining, aggregates and recycling, Metso Outotec is also influenced by its ability to respond to 
global trends affecting these industries, such as climate change, sustainability, urbanisation, scarcity of water and natural 
resources, and circular economy. In addition, digitalisation may affect Metso Outotec’s operating environment 
significantly. 
The markets in which Metso Outotec operates are characterised by continuously evolving technologies. In planning and 
implementing its operations, Metso Outotec must consider the development potential, new products and services, 
technological solutions and the different life-cycle stages of its products, production plants and research and development 
(“R&D”) centres and those of its customers as well as human resource development potential. The future growth and 
success of Metso Outotec will also depend on its continued ability to identify and respond to changes in industry preferences 
and to market products and services in changing markets. Metso Outotec’s technology risks are related to its technological 
competencies, research and product development, protection and management of intellectual property, including patents 
and trademarks, as well as the competencies and development of its personnel. There can be no assurance that Metso 
Outotec will be successful in continuing to meet its customers’ needs through innovation or in developing new products 
and/or technologies, or that, if developed, any such new products or technologies will be accepted by its customers or that 
new or enhanced products and technologies will improve Metso Outotec’s competitiveness, which could have a material 
adverse effect on the demand for Metso Outotec’s products and services and, thus, to Metso Outotec’s results of operations. 
In addition, there can be no assurance that new or enhanced products and technologies developed by current or future 
competitors will not reduce the competitiveness of Metso Outotec’s products. For example, the market for Metso Outotec’s 
technology and services could be affected by an increased use of other materials substituting the metals produced with 
Metso Outotec’s technologies. The future success of Metso Outotec will depend on its ability to predict technological 
development, develop its technologies, products and services, address the increasingly sophisticated and diverse needs of 
its customers and identify and rapidly respond to these changes in its markets. Furthermore, Metso Outotec may experience 
increased competition in individual or specific businesses, such as the emergence of new, cost-effective competitors, or 
through disruptive technologies caused by, for example, digitalisation, which could have an adverse effect on the 
competitiveness of Metso Outotec’s products and the demand for its products and services. 
Metso Outotec is subject to risks relating to the management of human resources and organisational structure and a 
failure to manage these risks effectively could have an adverse effect on Metso Outotec’s competitiveness and 
development of its business operations. 
Organisational and management risks are related to the sufficiency and competence of Metso Outotec’s personnel as well 
as its organisational efficiency. Metso Outotec has continuously assessed the human resources and organisational structures 
of its businesses. By doing so, Metso Outotec has aimed to ensure organisational efficiency and competence and to avoid 
related risks, such as loss of talented employees and know-how, insufficient leadership development and managerial

--- Page 16 ---
8 
 
 
capabilities, motivational problems, misguided recruiting, lack of diversity and a high personnel turnover rate. In order to 
secure continuity and growth in markets, where Metso Outotec’s operations and resources have grown in recent years, it is 
important to build competencies relating to human resources and organisational structures. Furthermore, in a highly 
competitive business environment, having qualified personnel is an important factor in winning and maintaining life-cycle 
and other long-term service relationships and completing projects. Competition for qualified personnel is intense in many 
areas where Metso Outotec operates and may become increasingly intense in the future, which could lead to difficulties for 
Metso Outotec to attract and retain qualified and engaged employees. As Metso Outotec expands its services business and 
technological solutions, it must hire and retain an increasing number of employees with different skills and professional 
expectations. See “—Metso Outotec may not be able to increase or maintain its share or profitability of the services 
business” below. In addition, companies involved in transactions are generally subject to risk of employees, including 
senior management and other key employees, leaving the company, in particular, in larger projects, before such projects 
are completed. The continued development of human resources and organisational structures, safe and healthy working 
environment as well as the utilisation of personnel potential will be critical for the development of Metso Outotec’s business 
operations and for securing its competitiveness. Should Metso Outotec fail to attract, retain, develop, train and motivate 
qualified, engaged and diverse employees at all levels, it could have an adverse effect on Metso Outotec’s competitiveness 
and development of its business operations. 
Metso Outotec may not be able to increase or maintain its share or profitability of the services business. 
As customers’ capital expenditure and, hence, equipment sales tend to be more affected by business cycles than the demand 
for the services business, which is largely linked to the customers’ operations and utilisation rates of their production assets, 
Metso Outotec actively seeks to grow its services business, reinforce its presence in service-intensive businesses and reduce 
its dependency on large-scale projects in order to reduce the effects of cyclicality on business revenues and increase 
profitability and stability through business cycles. The services business accounted for 48 per cent of Metso Outotec’s total 
sales for the nine months ended 30 September 2022. 
Metso Outotec aims to differentiate itself from its services business competitors through, among other things, a 
comprehensive services offering that covers solutions for the whole equipment life-cycle. Metso Outotec has aimed to 
broaden its offering and services concepts with the help of process expertise, digitalisation and innovative technologies, 
among others. In planning and implementing its operations, Metso Outotec must consider the development of potential, 
new services and technological solutions. Therefore, continuous renewal and innovation are important also for Metso 
Outotec’s services business’ success. However, there can be no assurance that Metso Outotec will be successful in 
innovation or in developing new services and/or services concepts and, hence, support the growth or keep its share of its 
services business. The profitability of the services business may also decline due to various reasons, including, but not 
limited to, changes in the operating environment, additional costs and increased competition, or other factors described in 
this section, “Risk Factors”. 
The success of Metso Outotec’s services business and Metso Outotec’s aim to maintain or increase its share also depend 
in large part on Metso Outotec’s ability to attract and retain qualified employees. See “—Metso Outotec is subject to risks 
relating to the management of human resources and organisational structure and a failure to manage these risks effectively 
could have an adverse effect on Metso Outotec’s competitiveness and development of its business operations” above. 
Should Metso Outotec fail to increase or maintain the share and profitability of its services business or should the share or 
profitability of its services business decrease, it could have a material adverse effect on Metso Outotec’s results of 
operations as well as Metso Outotec’s ability to implement its strategy. 
A substantial part of Metso Outotec’s operations is based on project contracts, which exposes Metso Outotec to various 
project risks starting from tendering processes and commencement of projects to project management and completion. 
A substantial part of Metso Outotec’s sales is derived from orders related to projects that typically take many months or 
even years to complete. These sales processes can present project-specific risks related to, for example, tendering process 
management, size and complexity of projects undertaken, projects’ financing costs, project management, production 
capacity, availability of competent project managers and other key personnel, volatility in the raw material prices and 
general cost inflation, end-product quality, failures to meet warranted performance criteria and potential delays in project 
timetables. In some projects, risks may also arise from new technology or applications included in the deliveries, which 
may not function as anticipated. 
Project contracts are typically awarded following a competitive tendering process. Metso Outotec may expend significant 
resources, both in management time and in financial and other relevant resources, on bidding for projects that it is not 
subsequently awarded. Contract awards are also affected by events outside the control of Metso Outotec, such as delivery 
site conditions, prices, demand, general economic conditions, granting of governmental approvals, securing of project 
financing and supply chain availability. Large-scale projects and equipment transactions are also susceptible to the risk 
that, in the tendering process, Metso Outotec is not able to estimate the upcoming costs accurately enough and specifies 
the sale price that is too low. Metso Outotec may also fail in the preparation of project contracts, which may cause

--- Page 17 ---
9 
 
 
unexpected costs or other liabilities for Metso Outotec, for example, due to errors in timeframe estimates. Metso Outotec’s 
ability to perform according to the estimates it used when preparing its bid and its ability to successfully prepare a project 
contract affect the profitability of the project and, hence, Metso Outotec’s results of operations. Projects are typically 
completed by demonstration of the performance of the plant, process or equipment based on which the work is accepted. 
Many of Metso Outotec’s major projects include a performance guarantee to guarantee appropriate performance of the 
contract until acceptance of the project by the customer. Should Metso Outotec cause a delay in completion of the project, 
the contract generally requires it to pay liquidated damages or other penalties. In addition, contractual terms limiting Metso 
Outotec’s liability may be less effective than expected by Metso Outotec. It is also not possible to include comprehensive 
limitations of liability in all of the contracts Metso Outotec concludes, based on which individual contracts may include 
terms and conditions deviating from standard contracts customarily used by Metso Outotec to the detriment of Metso 
Outotec. 
Metso Outotec’s projects and other business operations may also be subject to delays, suspension or termination of contracts 
or rejection of delivery when it has already committed to costs in relation to the project. There can be no assurance that 
Metso Outotec or its customers are able to fulfil applicable conditions and convert executed agreements into active projects. 
In case a project is cancelled or delayed, Metso Outotec may incur unexpected liabilities and/or costs, which could have a 
material adverse effect on Metso Outotec’s financial performance. 
Metso Outotec can be responsible for many projects in several of its countries of operation at any given time. All projects 
involve technical and operational risks, and projects require continuous operational planning, steering and supervision, 
quality control, raw materials procurement, scheduling, resource and cost monitoring as well as efficient and timely 
processing of compensation claims. Managing several projects requires that Metso Outotec has sufficient resources and 
efficient processes, so that several overlapping internal teams and subcontractor networks can be managed simultaneously. 
For example, problems in the logistics chain, such as delays in delivery schedules or damage to cargo, may result in 
production delays and increased costs. Significant delays due to such problems can affect project completion schedules, 
expose Metso Outotec to potential liability and cause reputational damage. For example, as some of the projects and 
services underlying Metso Outotec’s contracts are extensive, complex and of high value, disputes relating to project 
implementation may result in significant additional costs or damages for delays. The liquidated damages or other liabilities 
attributable to, for example, delayed delivery and/or non-performance of a plant solution may be significant in the delivery 
contracts of extensive projects. 
The uncertainty described above can cause difficulties in matching Metso Outotec’s fixed costs and predicted order volume. 
The sales and operating margins realised in a fixed price contract may vary from original estimates as a result of changes 
in costs, especially due to fluctuating material costs, increased employee costs and productivity over the term of the 
contract. The risk of cost overruns also increases with the duration of a project. Cost overruns may result also from project 
delays, changes in the regulatory requirements, disputes with suppliers or subcontractors, labour disputes, accidents and 
other unexpected circumstances. In addition, since certain items that Metso Outotec supplies are outsourced, Metso Outotec 
may have to quote at a fixed price to customers without confirmation for the costs of the purchased parts. As these contracts 
do not typically provide for any flexibility as regards the cost structure, Metso Outotec generally has to bear the risk of cost 
fluctuations. Therefore, cost management is critical for ensuring that the project meets its budgeted profit margin. 
In addition, Metso Outotec may be a party in a consortium in which it does not have independent control. Metso Outotec’s 
ability to withdraw funds from the fees received by a consortium and capacity to undertake measures that are deemed 
necessary could be dependent on the consent of the other parties to the consortium especially if there are disagreements 
between the parties. Furthermore, consortiums carry other common risks relating to, for example, any possible joint, 
individual or secondary liabilities for the consortium’s project or business operations, difficulty maintaining consistent 
processes and procedures or termination of the consortium by a business partner. 
Any uncertainties described above related to projects may, if realised, increase Metso Outotec’s project costs and result in 
damages and contractual penalties caused by delays or Metso Outotec not reaching the performance guarantees. Also, if 
Metso Outotec is unable to perform the contract in accordance with the estimates it used in preparing its bid, or if Metso 
Outotec is not able to fully cover potential cost increases during the project, this could have a material adverse effect on 
the profitability of Metso Outotec’s project. 
Metso Outotec’s operations may be interrupted due to problems associated with supplier and subcontractor network and 
raw materials procurement. 
The risks associated with supplier and subcontractor network and, to a lesser extent, raw materials procurement are 
significant for Metso Outotec’s operations. The majority of Metso Outotec’s cost of goods sold derives from Metso 
Outotec’s suppliers and subcontractors as Metso Outotec’s operating model is based on outsourced supplier and 
subcontractor networks. Accordingly, close relationships with subcontractors and suppliers as well as supply chain 
management are important for Metso Outotec’s operations. Risks relating to the availability, price, quality and delivery 
schedule of the supply chain are material for Metso Outotec’s operations, in particular in relation to existing important 
suppliers and new suppliers.

--- Page 18 ---
10 
 
 
Metso Outotec has no or limited control over its suppliers and subcontractors, and problems encountered by the suppliers 
or subcontractors may adversely affect Metso Outotec’s operations. If Metso Outotec loses one or several of its key 
suppliers or if they do not provide Metso Outotec with adequate components or raw materials, or do not provide them in a 
timely manner or at a reasonable price, or if components or raw materials contain defects or other quality deviations, Metso 
Outotec’s business operations could be adversely affected. In addition, Metso Outotec is exposed to a reputational risk if a 
supplier or a subcontractor would not comply with applicable laws and regulations in its operations or otherwise acts 
contrary to generally accepted norms. The contracts also include requirements for the operations of key suppliers, and a 
contract breach could lead to consequences that include the termination of a supplier relationship. Metso Outotec may not 
be able to find alternative suppliers for some of its subcontractors on short notice. 
Supply problems related to Metso Outotec’s raw material suppliers can influence the price and availability of the raw 
materials used in Metso Outotec’s products. Therefore, raw material procurement costs may increase and delivery lead 
times lengthen. Slowing global economic growth generally improves the availability of subcontractors’ resources. On the 
other hand, a weakened economy could drive Metso Outotec’s smaller subcontractors into difficulties. Some of Metso 
Outotec’s customers are also raw material producers, whose ability to operate and invest may be hampered by declining 
raw material prices. Changes in raw material and component prices may also affect the value of Metso Outotec’s 
inventories. Changes in the prices of raw materials may also indirectly have a material adverse effect on Metso Outotec, if 
the price fluctuations decrease its customers’ willingness to invest. 
There are certain situations where Metso Outotec relies on a single supplier. If such a supplier were to be unable to deliver 
Metso Outotec the required services, components or raw materials in time or at all, Metso Outotec could become subject 
to substantial additional costs arising out of arranging a substitutive delivery with another supplier, if even possible at all. 
Potential liability related to Metso Outotec’s ilmenite smelter project could have a material adverse effect on Metso 
Outotec’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Outotec Oyj (“Outotec”) announced in 2012 that it had agreed with The National Titanium Dioxide Company Ltd. 
(currently, Cristal Global) (“Cristal Global”), a global titanium dioxide pigment producer, on the design, delivery, 
construction and installation of a new ilmenite smelter to be located in Saudi Arabia (the “Ilmenite Smelter”). The overall 
contract value was expected to exceed EUR 350 million. Outotec’s scope of delivery included basic and detail engineering, 
process technology, supply of equipment, equipment installation as well as the construction and commissioning of the 
Ilmenite Smelter. The Ilmenite Smelter plant was scheduled to be operational in 2014, after which Outotec was to provide 
certain maintenance services for the first two years with an option to continue. 
The Ilmenite Smelter delivery included two large furnaces, both of which had challenges during the original start-ups in 
2015 and 2016. The first furnace was rebuilt, but due to problems during the start-up phase in the fourth quarter of 2018, 
start-up was discontinued. Outotec announced in October 2018 that it has agreed to work together with the customer to 
examine and identify the root causes of the problems in the first furnace. Negotiations concerning the Ilmenite Smelter 
project have been ongoing in cooperation with the customer. See “Metso Outotec Corporation—Legal and Arbitration 
Proceedings—Negotiations Relating to the Ilmenite Smelter Project”. The first furnace was started up in November 2021, 
and it is in operation and is producing ilmenite slag as of the date of this Base Prospectus. The second furnace was started 
up in September 2015, but it encountered various problems starting in November 2015 and it was shut down in 
August 2016. The second furnace has not been operational since 2016. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the second 
furnace has not undergone any further work. 
In February 2019, Outotec announced that it has recorded a EUR 110 million provision for possible costs relating to the 
Ilmenite Smelter project. The provision was based on progress made with the root causes analysis of the furnace and was 
recorded in Outotec’s fourth quarter 2018 result. Factors such as Metso Outotec’s contractual position and other factual 
circumstances will ultimately determine the eventual liability and financial impact of the project for Metso Outotec. 
The liability and its financial impact could be different than currently estimated. There can be no assurance that the liability 
and financial impact would ultimately not be larger than currently estimated, which could have a material adverse effect 
on Metso Outotec’s financial condition. 
Industry consolidation among Metso Outotec’s competitors and customer base could have a material adverse effect on 
Metso Outotec’s market share and customer relations. 
In the past, some of Metso Outotec’s competitors have merged. As competitors consolidate, they may increase their market 
share and gain economies of scale that enhance their ability to compete with Metso Outotec and/or to acquire additional 
technologies, products and services that could displace Metso Outotec’s technologies, products and services. There can be 
no assurance that customers in Metso Outotec’s operating industries will not merge, which could affect Metso Outotec’s 
relationships with its customers. If one of the customers of the competitors of Metso Outotec were to acquire a Metso 
Outotec customer, Metso Outotec could consequently lose a part of its business to a competitor. Additionally, as the size 
of such Metso Outotec’s customers would increase in connection with such industry consolidation, such customers could 
exert increased bargaining power on all of their suppliers, including Metso Outotec. Furthermore, it is possible that any

--- Page 19 ---
11 
 
 
consolidation of the customer base would lead to calls for tenders for even larger projects than those typically handled in 
the aggregates, minerals processing, metals refining and recycling industries. See “—A substantial part of Metso Outotec’s 
operations is based on project contracts, which exposes Metso Outotec to various project risks from tendering processes 
and commencement of projects to project management and completion” above. 
Consolidation among Metso Outotec’s competitors and/or in the customers’ industries could have a material adverse effect 
on Metso Outotec’s market share and customer relations and, thus, on Metso Outotec’s results of operations. 
Failure to meet customer expectations or to comply with product requirements and standards could have a material 
adverse effect on Metso Outotec’s business and brand value and expose it to compensation claims. 
Some of Metso Outotec’s products and services are project-specific and designed to meet specific customer expectations 
in terms of standards and quality. Metso Outotec’s products and services are also required to comply with applicable laws 
and regulations. However, there can be no assurance that Metso Outotec’s products and services will meet all of the 
aforementioned expectations and/or requirements in all circumstances or within the agreed timeframe. If products and 
services do not meet agreed specifications, or if Metso Outotec otherwise delivers faulty products or services, Metso 
Outotec could be liable for damages, or obliged to provide price reductions or to repair deficiencies or flaws potentially 
also after the warranty period has expired. 
Metso Outotec’s insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover all potential liabilities related to its products and 
services. Therefore, insurance may not cover, fully or at all, major claims or a series of smaller claims, for damages related 
to Metso Outotec’s products or services or advice given to the customers in connection with products and services. 
If Metso Outotec fails to meet customer expectations or to comply with regulatory requirements or other provisions, this 
could, among other things, reduce Metso Outotec’s sales and impair its brand value or lead to a liability to pay damages, 
which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on Metso Outotec’s results of operations due to a decline in sales and 
liability for damages. 
Failure to use and protect intellectual property rights could have a material adverse effect on Metso Outotec’s results 
of operations and its competitiveness. 
The key factors for Metso Outotec’s value creation are deep know-how of processing natural resources, technology patents, 
R&D, and the Metso and Outotec brands. Therefore, intellectual property rights and other intangible property (together, 
“IPR”) are a key element of Metso Outotec’s business. All types of IPR are considered to be important business assets for 
Metso Outotec. In addition to the ownership of numerous patents, patent applications, utility models, trademarks and 
internet domain names, Metso Outotec is also a proprietor of other officially registered IPR and other intangible property, 
such as trade secrets, know-how, copyrights and agreements. 
Metso Outotec’s success is largely based on the solutions and services it has developed or acquired and continues to develop 
or acquire, and related IPR that Metso Outotec owns in whole or in part. Additionally, Metso Outotec also develops new 
technologies together with its suppliers either under a separate R&D agreement or through a joint venture. If Metso Outotec 
fails to sufficiently agree on the ownership and use of IPR related to jointly developed new technologies, this could have a 
material adverse effect on Metso Outotec’s business and its competitiveness. In addition, Metso Outotec is to some extent 
dependent on certain third parties as it uses technologies licensed by such parties and Metso Outotec is, therefore, subject 
to risks relating to, among others, the validity of such licensing arrangements. Metso Outotec is also to some extent 
dependent on certain IPR owned by some of its subcontractors. Being dependent on third party IPR exposes Metso Outotec 
to potential infringement claims, and such claims could delay or prevent the delivery of Metso Outotec’s products. 
Metso Outotec employs an advanced IPR protection process and relies principally on patents (including patent 
applications), non-disclosure agreements and other contractual arrangements and, to a lesser extent, trademark laws, to 
protect its IPR. However, there can be no assurance that the measures Metso Outotec takes will effectively deter 
competitors, suppliers or customers from improper use of Metso Outotec’s IPR. In addition, laws of certain countries in 
which Metso Outotec operates offer only limited protection of IPR, if any at all. 
A successful IPR infringement claim or other similar proceeding against Metso Outotec or the inability of Metso Outotec 
to manage and protect its proprietary information and enforce its IPR through infringement proceedings could have a 
material adverse effect on Metso Outotec’s development of solutions and services and, thus, also to Metso Outotec’s 
competitiveness. 
Any significant problems with information systems and their functioning as well as cybersecurity breaches could result 
in a loss of customers, suppliers or sales, disruption in operations or misappropriation of sensitive data of Metso Outotec. 
Metso Outotec’s operations are dependent on external, internal and embedded information technology (“IT”) services and 
solutions. Metso Outotec aims to use reliable IT solutions and manage information security to avoid interruptions in service, 
information security risks, exposure to data loss or compromising the reliability or usability of information. However, the

--- Page 20 ---
12 
 
 
operations of the information systems may be interrupted by events that are, to a large extent, beyond Metso Outotec’s 
control, such as power cuts, computer or telecommunication errors or major disasters, such as fires or natural disasters, as 
well as user errors by personnel of Metso Outotec or third-party IT providers. Furthermore, Metso Outotec’s information 
systems and infrastructure may be vulnerable to cybersecurity risks, including cyber-attacks, direct or indirect, such as 
computer viruses and worms, phishing attacks, and penetrating or bypassing security measures in order to gain unauthorised 
access to Metso Outotec’s information networks and systems. Exploitation of possible weaknesses in Metso Outotec’s 
security controls could cause leakage of sensitive information, theft of intellectual property, production outages and damage 
to Metso Outotec’s reputation. Furthermore, difficulties in maintaining and upgrading Metso Outotec’s IT systems and 
software could result in increased costs and damage to Metso Outotec’s reputation in the eyes of its customers, investors 
and other third parties due to, for example, failures in financial reporting. 
In addition, many of the third parties who provide products, services or support to Metso Outotec could also experience 
any of the above-mentioned cyber risks or security breaches, which could impact Metso Outotec’s business and result in a 
loss of customers, suppliers or sales, and result in disruption in operations or misappropriation of sensitive data of Metso 
Outotec. Metso Outotec may also not be able to anticipate or implement effective preventive measures against security 
breaches of these types, in particular because the used techniques change frequently and are sophisticated, and cyber-
attacks can originate from diverse sources. Any cyber-attack that attempts to disrupt Metso Outotec’s services or otherwise 
access Metso Outotec’s systems, or those of third parties Metso Outotec uses in its operations, or any significant 
interruptions in the global availability of services or compromising the confidentiality of business-critical information could 
adversely affect Metso Outotec’s business. Additionally, the materialisation of any of the risks described above could result 
in legal claims or penalties and/or costly countermeasures, which may not be covered by Metso Outotec’s insurance 
coverage. 
Metso Outotec aims to be compliant with the General Data Protection Regulation ((EU) 2016/679, the “GDPR”), however, 
compliance with the GDPR in Metso Outotec’s business and operations or consolidation of the data protection practices of 
Metso Corporation (“Metso”) and Outotec may cause problems, difficulties or additional costs to Metso Outotec. Any 
infringement of the GDPR could adversely affect Metso Outotec’s reputation among its customers and other stakeholders. 
Furthermore, under the GDPR, a national data protection authority is vested with power to impose corrective actions, such 
as a temporary or definitive ban on processing, and to impose administrative fines for breaches of the GDPR. 
The integration of recent or future acquisitions and other mergers and acquisitions may include difficulties. 
In addition to organically growing its businesses, Metso Outotec has grown through acquisitions and it is expected that 
Metso Outotec will continue to evaluate potential acquisitions also in the future. See, for example, “Metso Outotec 
Corporation—History” and “Metso Outotec Corporation—Material Contracts—The McCloskey Acquisition”. The 
management of integration of the businesses, systems and culture of any acquired business requires, among other things, 
the continued development of the acquired businesses’ financial and management controls, including the integration of 
information systems and structure, the integration of product offerings and customer base as well as the training of new 
personnel on, among others, compliance, data privacy and information security, all of which could disrupt and strain Metso 
Outotec’s management resources as well as require significant expenditure. 
In agreeing to acquire new businesses, the acquirer makes certain assumptions and determinations on, among other things, 
future sales and need for capital expenditures, based on its investigation of the respective businesses and other information 
then available. However, Metso Outotec as the acquirer cannot provide assurance that its assumptions and determinations 
will prove to be correct and liabilities, contingencies or losses, if realised, could have a material adverse effect on the 
realisation of the expected benefits or synergies resulting from an acquisition to Metso Outotec. 
Metso Outotec may also seek to divest some of its businesses, assets or operations in the future. Expected benefits, synergies 
and cost savings from such initiatives or divestitures may not materialise as planned. There can also be no assurance that 
Metso Outotec is able to complete any divestment within any preferred schedule, price or with preferred commercial terms 
or at all, or that the payment or other terms of the transaction would materialise as planned. Such difficulties could disrupt 
Metso Outotec’s business, tie up management and personnel time, increase costs or otherwise adversely affect Metso 
Outotec’s business. 
Work stoppages or strikes could adversely affect the business of Metso Outotec. 
Metso Outotec is subject to the risk of labour disputes and adverse employee relations that could disrupt its business 
operations. Metso Outotec’s principal domestic and foreign operations and subcontractors are located in areas of high union 
concentration or in jurisdictions with laws favourable to unionisation and many of Metso Outotec’s employees are covered 
by collective bargaining agreements. There can be no assurance that Metso Outotec will not experience strikes or other 
disturbances or that, upon the expiration of existing agreements; it will be able to reach new collective bargaining 
agreements on satisfactory terms or without work stoppages, strikes or similar industrial actions. Unsatisfactory terms on 
any bargaining agreements could cause Metso Outotec’s employee costs to increase. In addition, some of Metso Outotec’s 
customer projects may be located in highly unionised countries and such customer projects are susceptible to strikes or

--- Page 21 ---
13 
 
 
other organised union activity that may be caused by factors outside its control. Even though there have been no major 
labour disputes in the history of Metso Outotec, there can be no assurance that such disputes would not arise in the future 
and disrupt Metso Outotec’s operations, possibly for a significant period of time, and result in increased wages and benefits 
or otherwise have a material adverse effect on Metso Outotec’s business and results of operations. 
Safety risks, if materialised, could result in a liability for Metso Outotec and significantly harm Metso Outotec’s 
reputation. 
Safety risks include safety, security and health risks incorporated into occupational health and safety-related risks, 
personnel security risks, environmental risks, product liability and product safety risks, catastrophe risks (for example fire, 
explosion and natural phenomenon risks) and premise security and material risks. Metso Outotec has taken precautions 
against safety risks through, among others, occupational health and safety policy and guidelines, certification principles, 
travel safety guidelines, rescue planning and premises and information security instructions. Metso Outotec has sought to 
prepare for the materialisation of safety risks in its insurance policies. 
Metso Outotec is responsible for its products and services as well as compliance with global, national and customer related 
laws, regulations and requirements. During the construction and commissioning of plants and equipment, environmental 
damage or personal injuries may occur, and proceedings arising from such accidents may result in Metso Outotec being 
named defendant in lawsuits asserting potentially large claims or a series of smaller claims. Severe damage to health, the 
environment or property or disruption in production could also be caused by accidents on sites to which Metso Outotec has 
delivered a plant, equipment or service. 
The occurrence of any such risks could delay production, cause business interruptions, increase production costs, result in 
an occupational accident or casualty, cause damage to property or the environment and result in liability for Metso Outotec 
and significantly harm Metso Outotec’s reputation. 
Metso Outotec’s insurance policies provide limited coverage, potentially leaving it uninsured against certain risks. 
While Metso Outotec currently maintains insurance covering, among others, property damage, business interruption and 
product and general liability in amounts believed to be consistent with industry practices, it is not fully insured against all 
risks, and insurance against all types of risks and catastrophic events may not be available on reasonable economic terms 
or at all. Notwithstanding the insurance coverage that it carries, Metso Outotec may face accidents that cause losses in 
excess of limits specified under the relevant policy or is subject to material deductibles or self-insured retentions. In 
addition, Metso Outotec could be exposed to accidents arising from events not covered by insurance policies, which are 
inherently unpredictable in terms of both their occurrence and severity. Such events include natural catastrophic events 
such as windstorms, severe winter weather, floods and earthquakes. Metso Outotec may also be exposed to the risk of 
terrorism, the materialisation of which could have a material adverse effect on the industry in which Metso Outotec operates 
and, thus, to Metso Outotec’s business. 
Metso Outotec may face professional liability for engineering defects as well as claims related to product liability. 
In case of an accident leading to personal injury, death or property damage resulting from equipment or structures related 
to the engineering services provided by Metso Outotec, or failure in such equipment or structures, a claim for an engineering 
design defect brought against the owner or operator of the equipment can also result in a claim against Metso Outotec. It 
is also possible that claims relating to product liability will be presented against Metso Outotec. Metso Outotec seeks to 
ensure, to the extent possible, that it has sufficient insurance coverage against potential product liability risks. Metso 
Outotec also aims to reduce product liability risks with sales contract terms, start-up training for customers, comprehensive 
instruction manuals and investments in product safety development and automation. 
Despite thorough advance risk management processes, losses may derive from risks not addressed in Metso Outotec’s 
indemnity agreements or insurance policies, and it may not be possible for Metso Outotec to obtain adequate insurance 
against all risks on commercially reasonable terms. Furthermore, like any other business, Metso Outotec’s business relies 
on product quality enabling Metso Outotec to gain customer trust and it is very crucial for Metso Outotec to maintain a 
positive image. Any unfavourable publicity regarding Metso Outotec, its brand, or the products or services and projects it 
provides or any other unpredicted events could affect Metso Outotec’s reputation and results of operations. 
Failure to effectively insure Metso Outotec against risks caused by any of the above reasons could expose Metso Outotec 
to substantial costs that could potentially lead to material losses, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on 
Metso Outotec’s financial condition. 
Metso Outotec may face risks relating to its joint ventures. 
Metso Outotec is a party to or owner in a limited number of joint ventures, and additional investments in joint ventures 
may be made by Metso Outotec in the future. If disagreements occur with the joint venture partner regarding the business 
or operations of the venture, there can be no assurance that Metso Outotec will be able to resolve it in a favourable manner.

--- Page 22 ---
14 
 
 
In addition, certain major decisions, such as divesting interests in a joint venture or entering into certain material 
transactions, may require the consent of both partners. Metso Outotec may also be unable to require the joint venture to 
return invested capital, or take any other action that it believes will further its interests. Any of these limitations could have 
an adverse effect on Metso Outotec’s ability to achieve financial or other benefits expected from the joint venture. 
In addition, current or future joint venture partners may have economic or business interests or goals that are inconsistent 
with those of Metso Outotec, and they may take actions contrary to Metso Outotec’s business objectives. Furthermore, any 
joint venture partner may be unable or unwilling to fulfil their obligations, encounter financial difficulties, require Metso 
Outotec to make additional investments, or get into disputes with Metso Outotec regarding their rights, responsibilities and 
obligations. Any of these or other factors could have a material adverse effect on the business of the joint ventures of Metso 
Outotec, and, thus, on Metso Outotec’s profits from the joint venture. 
Legal, Regulatory and Compliance Risks 
Changes in political, economic, cultural, environmental and legislative environment may have a material adverse effect 
on Metso Outotec’s business. 
Metso Outotec’s operations and its customers’ operations are geographically widespread. Political and social unrest, 
uncertainty in the economic environment, terrorism and armed conflicts in different parts of the world may represent risks 
to Metso Outotec’s operations. Metso Outotec’s operations are also affected by cultural and regulatory factors and by 
legislation of different countries in which it operates. This poses a challenge for Metso Outotec’s risk management as it 
must monitor its operations to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations as well as health, safety and 
environment requirements and ensure that they are subject to internal compliance oversight. 
Some countries in which Metso Outotec operates may have less predictable legal systems and legal enforcement 
mechanisms. This may result in risks, such as effective and available legal redress offered by the courts of such 
jurisdictions, whether in respect of a breach of law or regulation or in an ownership dispute, a higher degree of discretion 
on the part of governmental authorities, the lack of judicial or administrative guidance on interpreting applicable rules and 
regulations, inconsistencies or conflicts between and within various laws, regulations and decrees, or the relative 
inexperience of the judiciary and courts in such matters. The protection of IPR may also be less developed and less strictly 
enforced in some of the countries where Metso Outotec operates. 
There can be no assurance that Metso Outotec and legal arrangements governing its operations or the effectiveness of the 
enforcement thereof will not be adversely affected by the actions of government authorities or other parties in countries in 
which Metso Outotec operates. Metso Outotec’s operations also expose it to changes in laws and regulations. The 
imposition of adverse new legislation or unforeseen taxes or other payment obligations in these markets or the introduction 
of exchange controls as well as other restrictions by governments could have a material adverse effect on Metso Outotec’s 
business. 
Despite all efforts of Metso Outotec to ensure legal and ethical conduct through management commitment and oversight, 
dedicated policies, training and awareness campaigns, compliance helplines, investigations and audits, strict enforcement 
and regular program reviews and improvements, there can be no assurance of employees, suppliers, agents or other 
representatives of Metso Outotec not engaging in bribery, corruption or other improper behaviour. For additional 
information on risks related to compliance with anti-corruption regulations and compliant and ethical behaviour, see “—
Metso Outotec’s operations are subject to risks related to compliance and crimes, which could result in sanctions and fines 
and have an adverse effect on Metso Outotec’s reputation and financial performance” and “—Metso Outotec’s governance, 
internal controls and compliance processes could fail to prevent regulatory penalties, reputational harm and fraud, both 
at operating subsidiaries and joint ventures” below. 
Any failure by Metso Outotec to comply with applicable laws and regulations could also damage Metso Outotec’s 
reputation, which may substantially harm its business prospects and expected profits. 
Trade sanctions, increased customs duties as well as other trade protection or restriction measures could adversely affect 
Metso Outotec’s profitability and its access to new markets. 
Metso Outotec and its customers operate globally in different geopolitical areas where individuals and/or companies may 
be subject to sanctions, such as Russia and China. As a result of the ongoing war in Ukraine and the annexation of Crimea 
by Russia in 2014, the EU, the United States and other countries have imposed sanctions against Russia. For information 
on the impact of the sanctions against Russia on Metso Outotec, see “Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Metso Outotec and 
its Industry—Uncertain global, regional or local economic and political operating environment could have an effect on 
Metso Outotec’s ability to achieve its strategic goals”. In addition, as the United States re-imposed strict sanctions on Iran 
in 2018, Metso Outotec decided to cease its trading activities in Iran where it used to have operations and had, prior to 
2018, been a significant market for Metso Outotec for decades.

--- Page 23 ---
15 
 
 
Furthermore, Metso Outotec will be exposed to the impacts of certain governmental protection and trade protection 
measures that safeguard domestic industries and other changes affecting international trade, such as restrictions on import 
and export and other national interests that may affect the availability of necessary raw materials, and changes in the 
international trade agreements. Measures affecting international trade may be announced unexpectedly and may have a 
material effect on the export and/or import duties in market areas in which Metso Outotec will operate and any increase in 
import and export duties to be paid by Metso Outotec could, in turn, have a material adverse effect on Metso Outotec’s 
financial condition. 
In addition to the risk of increased customs duties, Metso Outotec may also be exposed to other protectionist measures in 
the market areas in which it will operate. Several countries, in particular those with centrally-controlled economies, grant, 
for example, substantial subsidies to companies active in their local industries. The pricing advantage enjoyed by producers 
on their subsidised products may impair or eliminate Metso Outotec’s ability to compete with such producers. This and 
other protectionist measures may have a material adverse effect on Metso Outotec’s profitability to the extent such heavily 
subsidised products will be exported into Metso Outotec’s key markets. Unfair trade practices or subsidies may also lead 
to increased supply of products that compete with Metso Outotec’s products in certain markets, resulting in increased price 
competition. 
Metso Outotec will have exposure to the effects of trade restrictions and barriers due to the global nature of its operations. 
Various countries, such as China, India and the United States, have implemented, and may in the future implement, trade 
restrictions and barriers. Even though Metso Outotec strives to monitor the situation in its geographical business areas, 
ensuring compliance with all export control regulations, sanctions, embargoes and other economic and trade restrictions 
may be difficult or costly and Metso Outotec may become subject to investigations or claims by authorities as well as 
contracting parties. Expansion of sanctions and possible further trade restrictions, such as additional designations of 
countries, industries or persons on sanctions lists, or economic downturns resulting from trade sanctions could adversely 
affect Metso Outotec’s business operations. Should any of the above risks materialise, it could limit Metso Outotec’s further 
growth and market access and, thus, have an adverse effect on Metso Outotec’s business. 
Metso Outotec’s operations are subject to risks related to compliance and crimes, which could result in sanctions and 
fines and have an adverse effect on Metso Outotec’s reputation and financial performance. 
Metso Outotec is committed to conducting business in a legal and ethical manner in compliance with local and international 
laws and regulations applicable to its business. Nevertheless, there is a risk that Metso Outotec’s employees, suppliers, 
agents or other representatives may act in a way that violates applicable laws and regulations or they may act unethically. 
Non-compliant behaviour like misconduct and crime, human errors or unauthorised or unsuccessful acts that lead to 
unforeseen and uncontrollable risks by any of Metso Outotec’s employees or other parties could cause financial losses and 
significant damage to Metso Outotec. There can be no assurance that Metso Outotec will be able to prevent or identify non-
compliant behaviour, and the precautionary measures taken against them, such as employee training and development as 
well as implementation of compliance and fraud programs, may not always be sufficient. This type of activity could also 
undermine Metso Outotec’s reputation and have an adverse effect on Metso Outotec’s business. 
Should any of the above risks materialise, Metso Outotec could be unable to continue its operations and could encounter 
project interruptions, reputational harm, delays in project deliveries and lengthy interruptions in its services, and there can 
be no assurance that Metso Outotec’s insurance policies will be sufficient to compensate it for any resulting losses, or to 
cover them at all. 
Metso Outotec’s operations are subject to various environmental laws and regulations and a failure to comply with 
these laws and regulations could result in unexpected costs and other liabilities. 
Metso Outotec is subject to various environmental laws and regulations governing, among others, emissions; water quality; 
energy efficiency; hazardous material management; and waste handling, recycling and disposal. As these environmental 
laws and regulations are amended or as their application or enforcement is changed, additional costs in complying with 
new and more stringent regulations may be imposed on Metso Outotec. Further, certain operations of Metso Outotec’s 
require environmental and other regulatory permits that are subject to modification, renewal or, subject to certain 
conditions, revocation by the issuing authorities. Procedures for obtaining these permits can be long and complex and there 
can be no assurance that the requested permit will be granted or renewed. 
Violations of applicable environmental laws and regulations could result in civil and criminal penalties, revocation of 
permits and licenses, third-party claims or any combination thereof. Metso Outotec may become subject to liabilities that 
could be substantial for, among other things, non-compliance with environmental as well as health and safety regulations 
and standards. Furthermore, some of the financing received or applied for by Metso Outotec or its customers may be 
conditional upon or subject to covenants relating to compliance with relevant environmental laws and regulations. There 
can be no assurance that continued compliance with the existing or future environmental laws and regulations would not 
result in additional costs to Metso Outotec and, thus, have an adverse effect on its business and results of operations.

--- Page 24 ---
16 
 
 
Metso Outotec’s governance, internal controls and compliance processes could fail to prevent regulatory penalties, 
reputational harm and fraud, both at operating subsidiaries and joint ventures. 
Metso Outotec operates globally in a large number of jurisdictions and faces a variety of regulations and legal practices. 
On a global scale, enforcement activities and jurisdictional reach regarding competition issues and anticorruption have 
increased. Despite all existing safeguards and any future improvements by Metso Outotec, there can be no assurance that 
Metso Outotec’s governance and compliance processes will always prevent breaches of laws or other governance standards. 
Effective internal controls are necessary for Metso Outotec to provide reliable financial reports and prevent potential fraud. 
If Metso Outotec cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent potential fraud, Metso Outotec’s financial results, 
reputation, access to financing and share price could be adversely affected. Inadequate internal controls could cause 
investors and financial institutions to lose confidence in the financial information Metso Outotec’s reports, which, in turn, 
could have an adverse effect on Metso Outotec’s business, the availability and cost of financing as well as the share value 
of Metso Outotec. 
Metso Outotec also faces the risk that its joint ventures or other companies in which it has an interest violate applicable 
laws or standards. Any failure to comply with applicable laws or standards could expose Metso Outotec to severe criminal 
or civil liability or sanctions, such as fines and loss of operating licenses, and also cause severe harm to Metso Outotec’s 
reputation. 
Metso Outotec may from time to time be involved in litigations and other similar proceedings or they could become 
subject to various claims and actions that could result in material expenses for Metso Outotec or harm its reputation. 
Metso Outotec may from time to time be involved in litigations and other similar proceedings or they could become subject 
to various claims and actions based on various grounds, including related to, among other things, the companies’ products, 
projects, other operations and customer receivables. These include the potential liability related to the Ilmenite Smelter 
project discussed under “—Risks Relating to Metso Outotec and its Industry—Potential liability related to Metso Outotec’s 
ilmenite smelter project could have a material adverse effect on Metso Outotec’s business, financial condition and results 
of operations” above and the claims related to the UK waste-to-energy projects discussed under “Metso Outotec 
Corporation—Legal and Arbitration Proceedings—UK Waste-to-Energy Projects”. See also “Metso Outotec 
Corporation—Legal and Arbitration Proceedings”. The outcome of such litigations, claims and disagreements may differ 
materially from the companies’ current estimates. Therefore, there can be no assurance that ongoing or future litigations, 
claims and disagreements of Metso Outotec will not result in material expenses for Metso Outotec or harm its reputation 
and, thus, have a material adverse effect on Metso Outotec’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Risks Relating to Financing and Financial Condition 
Metso Outotec could encounter difficulties in refinancing its debt and financing its operations. 
Metso Outotec’s liquidity is created through a combined effect of operative cash flows generated in Metso Outotec’s 
subsidiaries, disposable liquid assets and an adequate number of credit lines. Metso Outotec seeks to ensure sufficient 
liquidity through a combination of cash management, liquid investment portfolios, and committed and uncommitted credit 
facilities. 
There can be no assurance that Metso Outotec is able to obtain, on a timely basis or at all, sufficient funds on acceptable 
terms to provide adequate liquidity and to finance the operating and capital expenditures necessary to support its strategy 
if cash flows from operations and cash on hand prove to be insufficient. Failure to generate additional funds, whether from 
operations or additional debt or equity financings, may require Metso Outotec to delay or abandon some or all of its 
anticipated strategy initiatives or to modify its business strategy. Furthermore, the potential ability of competitors to raise 
capital more easily and on more favourable terms could place Metso Outotec at a competitive disadvantage. Credit 
agreements entered into by Metso Outotec include certain standard covenants, including a financial covenant related to 
debt to capital ratio. Metso Outotec’s ability to satisfy these covenants may be affected by events beyond its control, the 
covenants may limit the ability of Metso Outotec to make decisions regarding its prospective operational activities and 
capital structure and there can be no assurance that it will be able to comply with such covenants in the future. There can 
be no assurance that Metso Outotec would be able to renegotiate or refinance these agreements on terms that are acceptable 
to it, if at all. 
In addition, possible adverse developments in the credit markets, as well as other future adverse developments, such as the 
further deterioration of the overall financial markets or a worsening of general economic conditions, could have a material 
adverse effect on Metso Outotec’s ability to secure sufficient funding as well as on the cost and other terms of funding. 
Metso Outotec’s tax burden could increase due to changes in tax laws or regulations or their application or 
interpretation, or as a result of current or future tax audits. 
Due to the international nature of Metso Outotec’s business, its tax burden will be dependent on specific aspects of tax 
laws and regulations in several jurisdictions, in particular with regard to transfer pricing rules. Related companies and

--- Page 25 ---
17 
 
 
permanent establishments must conduct any inter-company transactions on an arm’s length basis and provide appropriate 
documentation thereof, subject to applicable rules of the relevant jurisdiction. The Organization for Economic Cooperation 
and Development (“OECD”) has recently published new guidance on transfer pricing. National tax authorities are 
scrutinising and challenging companies’ transfer pricing policies more frequently. In addition, the estimation of Metso 
Outotec’s total income taxes requires thorough consideration and numerous filings in various countries and the final amount 
of taxes related to certain transactions and calculations cannot be estimated with full certainty. Changes in tax laws or 
regulations or their interpretation or application could significantly increase Metso Outotec’s tax burden. The tax authorities 
may also challenge views taken by Metso Outotec and, consequently, order additional taxes or reject tax refund claims. 
Metso Outotec will be, from time to time, subject to general tax audits or other review actions by the national tax and other 
authorities. As a result of such audits or other review actions, additional taxes (including, for example, income taxes, 
withholding taxes, real estate taxes, capital taxes, transfer taxes and value added taxes) could be assessed, for example, due 
to different interpretations of the local legislation and double tax treaties, which could lead to an increase in Metso Outotec’s 
tax liabilities either as a result of the relevant tax payment being imposed directly against Metso Outotec or as a result of 
Metso Outotec becoming liable for it as a secondary obligor. 
If Metso Outotec is unable to utilise its deferred tax assets, this could have an adverse effect on Metso Outotec’s results 
of operations. 
As at 30 September 2022, the recorded deferred tax assets of Metso Outotec were EUR 251 million. Metso Outotec’s 
ability to generate taxable income will be subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and 
other factors that are beyond its control. If lower taxable income than the amount Metso Outotec has assumed in 
determining its deferred tax assets is generated, then the value of its deferred tax assets would be reduced, which could 
have a material adverse effect on Metso Outotec’s results of operations. In addition, the value of Metso Outotec’s deferred 
tax assets would be reduced if tax rates were reduced. 
Fluctuations in foreign exchange rates could have a material adverse effect on Metso Outotec’s financial condition, 
results of operations and equity. 
Metso Outotec operates globally and is exposed to foreign exchange risk in several currencies. Metso Outotec’s main 
currencies are the euro, U.S. dollar, Australian dollar, Chilean peso, Chinese yuan and Canadian dollar. 
The principal forms of risks associated with exchange rate fluctuations include transaction exposure and translation (equity) 
exposure. Foreign exchange transaction exposure arises when an operating unit of Metso Outotec has commercial or 
financial transactions and payments in currencies other than its own functional currency, and when related cash inflow and 
outflow of currency amounts are not equal or concurrent. 
Foreign exchange translation exposure, on the other hand, arises when the equity of a subsidiary is denominated in a 
currency other than the functional currency of its parent company. Metso Outotec’s main foreign exchange translation 
exposures are in U.S. dollar, Canadian dollar, Chinese yuan, Swedish krona and Australian dollar. This exposure may lead 
to translation differences in Metso Outotec’s consolidated equity. 
Exchange rate fluctuations could have a material adverse effect on Metso Outotec’s financial condition, results of 
operations or equity. Uncertainty in the economy is likely to increase exchange rate fluctuations. Exchange rate fluctuations 
may also weaken the cost competitiveness of Metso Outotec’s products as compared to its competitors’ products that are 
manufactured in other currency areas, and have a negative impact on customers’ investment levels. 
Fluctuations in interest rates could have a material adverse effect on Metso Outotec’s financial condition and results 
of operations. 
Changes in market interest rates and interest margins may affect Metso Outotec’s financing costs, returns on financial 
investments and market valuation of interest-bearing balance sheet items and, accordingly, interest rate fluctuations could 
have a material adverse effect on Metso Outotec’s financial condition or results of operations. 
Fluctuations in the prices of supplies and raw materials, including energy, could have a material adverse effect on 
Metso Outotec’s results of operations. 
Metso Outotec’s business is exposed to volatility in the prices of raw materials and of supplies, including energy, to the 
extent it will not be able to transfer increases in prices to its customers. While Metso Outotec hedges currency exposure 
linked to firm delivery and purchase agreements, it does not have commodity hedging with derivatives in place. Commodity 
price fluctuations could have a material adverse effect on Metso Outotec’s results of operations.

--- Page 26 ---
18 
 
 
Failure to effectively manage credit and counterparty risk could have a material adverse effect on Metso Outotec’s 
financial condition and results of operations. 
Credit or counterparty risk arises when a customer or a financial counterparty does not fulfil its commitments towards 
Metso Outotec. Metso Outotec’s ability to manage its trade receivables exposure, customer financing, risk concentrations 
and financial counterparty-related risks depends on a number of factors, including its capital structure, market conditions 
affecting its counterparties, and its ability to mitigate exposure with acceptable terms. Counterparty risk arises also from 
financial transactions agreed upon with banks, financial institutions and corporates. 
Credit risk exposure relates to the carrying value of financial assets valued at amortised cost, such as trade receivables, 
interest-bearing receivables, other receivables, deposits and security investments, cash and cash equivalents as well as 
customer contract assets. There can be no assurance that Metso Outotec is successful in managing the risks connected with 
its trade receivables exposure, customer financing, risk concentrations and financial counterparties, and a failure to do so 
could have a material adverse effect on Metso Outotec’s financial condition or results of operations. 
Changes in assumptions underlying the carrying value of certain assets, including as a result of adverse market 
conditions, could result in impairment of such assets, including intangible assets such as goodwill. 
Following the completion of the combination of Metso’s Minerals business (the “Metso Minerals Business”) and Outotec 
through a partial demerger of Metso in which all such assets, rights, debts and liabilities of Metso that related to, or primarily 
served, the Metso Minerals Business was transferred, without liquidation of Metso, to Outotec (the “Demerger”), there is 
material goodwill, other intangible assets and property, plant and equipment amounts recorded in Metso Outotec’s 
consolidated balance sheet. As at 30 September 2022, Metso Outotec’s balance sheet included EUR 1,139 million of 
goodwill, EUR 864 million of other intangible assets and EUR 410 million of property, plant and equipment as well as 
EUR 118 million right-of-use assets. 
The carrying value of goodwill is tested annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that 
such carrying value may not be recoverable. The carrying values of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets 
subject to depreciation and amortisation are reviewed for impairment whenever there are indications that their carrying 
values could exceed their value in use or disposal value if disposal is considered as a possible option. 
Impairment testing is based on a number of estimates. The valuation of goodwill is inherently judgmental and subject to 
change from period to period because it requires management to make assumptions about future supply and demand related 
to its individual business lines, future sales prices and achievable cost savings. There can be no assurance that Metso 
Outotec will not be required to record impairments in the value of goodwill, intangible assets or property, plant and 
equipment in the future. 
Risks Relating to the Combination of the Metso Minerals Business and Outotec 
For a description of the Demerger, see “Metso Outotec Corporation—History”. 
The carve out financial information of the Metso Minerals Business includes only the Metso Minerals Business and 
not the Outotec business, and thereby is not indicative of the results of operations, financial condition or cash flows of 
Metso Outotec, and may also not accurately reflect the Metso Minerals Business’ actual results of operations and/or 
financial position as an independent company. 
The Demerger was completed on 30 June 2020. For financial reporting purposes, the Demerger is accounted for as a reverse 
acquisition using the IFRS acquisition method of accounting where the Metso Minerals Business is deemed to be the 
accounting acquirer and Outotec the acquiree. The comparative financial information as at and for the year ended 
31 December 2020 included in this Base Prospectus and in the 2021 Financial Statements (as defined herein), and the 
consolidated financial statements as at and for the year ended 31 December 2020 included in the 2020 Financial Statements 
(as defined herein), consist of carve-out financial information of the Metso Minerals Business as at and for the six months 
ended 30 June 2020 and consolidated financial information of Metso Outotec as at and for the six months ended 31 
December 2020. The comparative financial information as at and for the year ended 31 December 2019 included in the 
2020 Financial Statements includes only carve-out financial information of the Metso Minerals Business. Accordingly, 
such financial information for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 2020 included in this Base Prospectus in the Full-
Year Financial Statements (as defined herein) is not indicative of Metso Outotec’s future results of operations, financial 
position or cash flows as the financial information of the Metso Minerals Business includes only the financial information 
of the Metso Minerals Business and not the financial information of the Outotec business. In addition, the historical carve-
out financial information of the Metso Minerals Business may not accurately reflect what the Metso Minerals Business’ 
actual operations, financial condition and results of operations would have been had the Metso Minerals Business operated 
as an independent company and had it presented stand-alone financial statements during the periods presented. Investors 
should be aware that the financial information of Metso Outotec as at for each of the years ended 31 December 2019, 2020 
and 2021 included in this Base Prospectus and the Full-Year Financial Statements is not comparable and, therefore,

--- Page 27 ---
19 
 
 
comparisons of such financial information do not represent actual developments in Metso Outotec’s financial performance 
over these periods. 
Possible tax implications of the Demerger and Metso’s preparatory inter-company transactions. 
Taxation or other fees collected by countries in connection with a global transaction, such as the Demerger, may cause 
unexpected payment obligations, and coupled with essential changes in respective domestic tax laws, there may be an 
increased aggressiveness in collecting such fees. For example, an increasing number of countries have decided to impose 
indirect taxes on capital gains on assets situated in such a country and owned by non-residents that are transferring into 
Metso Outotec. There are pending legislative initiatives based on which the Demerger and Metso’s inter-company 
transactions may cause additional tax implications in certain countries outside of Finland. 
As a result, there is a risk that Metso Outotec may be obliged to pay additional taxes for past periods as a result of changes 
in law, or changes of tax authority practice or interpretation (possibly even with retroactive effect in certain cases), which 
could have material adverse effect on Metso Outotec’s cash flow and financial position. 
Further, when preparing for the Demerger, Metso executed preparatory intra-group (carve-out) transactions in a large 
number of countries. Despite Metso’s governance and compliance procedures related to these actions, there might be 
unintended consequences from changes in interpretation of complex tax regulations. There is a risk that Metso Outotec 
could face significant adverse tax consequences due to these transactions in the future. 
Risks Relating to the Notes and the Trading Market 
Dependence on payments from subsidiaries to fund payments on the Notes. 
The Issuer is a holding company and a substantial part of its operations is conducted through subsidiaries. Consequently, 
the Issuer will be dependent on dividends and other payments from its subsidiaries to make payments on the Notes. 
Investors in the Notes will not have any direct claim on the cash flows or assets of the Issuer’s subsidiaries, and such 
operating subsidiaries have no obligation, contingent or otherwise, to pay amounts due under the Notes or to make funds 
available to the Issuer for these payments. The ability of such subsidiaries to make dividends and other payments to the 
Issuer will depend on their cash flows and earnings which, in turn, will be affected by all of the factors discussed in these 
“Risk Factors”. In addition, such subsidiaries may not be able to pay dividends due to legal or contractual restrictions. 
Consequently, if amounts that the Issuer receives from their subsidiaries are not sufficient, the Issuer may not be able to 
service its obligations under the Notes. 
Structural subordination. 
A significant amount of the Issuer’s assets are held, and revenue generated by subsidiary companies. In general, claims of 
a subsidiary’s creditors, including secured and unsecured creditors, for indebtedness incurred, and against any guarantee 
issued, by such subsidiary, will have priority with respect to the assets of that subsidiary over the claims of creditors of its 
parent company, such as investors in the Notes, except to the extent that such parent company is also a valid creditor of 
that subsidiary under the laws of the relevant jurisdiction. 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which contain 
particular risks for potential investors. 
Set out below is a description of the most common such features: 
Notes with Change of Control Put Option: Exercise of an applicable Change of Control Put Option may affect the liquidity 
of Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised. Depending on the number of Notes in respect of which the 
Change of Control Put Option is exercised, any trading market for the Notes in respect of which such Change of Control 
Put Option is not exercised may become illiquid. In addition, investors may only be able to reinvest the moneys they receive 
upon such early redemption in securities with a lower yield than the redeemed Notes. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer: An optional redemption feature of notes is likely to limit their market 
value. During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not 
rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. At 
those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high 
as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential 
investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
Variable rate Notes with a multiplier or other leverage factor: Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. 
If they are structured to include multipliers or other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features 
or other similar related feature, their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not include 
those features.

--- Page 28 ---
20 
 
 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Issuer has the right to effect such a conversion, this will affect the 
secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely 
to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate in such circumstances, 
the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than the prevailing spreads on comparable Floating 
Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on 
other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower 
than the prevailing rate on its Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium: The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or 
premium from their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices 
for conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price 
volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Index linked Notes: Certain indices may be subject to regulation, such as the regulation of the European Parliament and of 
the Council on indices used as benchmarks in certain financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the 
performance of investment funds of 8 June 2016. This may affect the performance of the relevant indices or restrict them 
from being used for certain purposes, including in connection with any indexed Notes. Prospective investors should be 
aware that the consequences of the regulation of any indices relevant to the indexed Notes may have a material adverse 
effect on the value of such Notes and, in certain circumstances, the Issuer may be required to redeem such Notes early. 
Sustainability-Linked Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to assets with 
sustainability characteristics. 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may issue Sustainability-Linked Notes described as “Step Up Notes” 
and/or “Premium Payment Notes”. In such event, (i) the interest rate relating to the Step Up Notes is subject to upward 
adjustment in certain circumstances specified in the Conditions or (ii) a premium payment may be payable in connection 
with the Premium Payment Notes in certain circumstances specified in the Conditions, in any case depending on the 
definition of Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Condition and the Supplier SBT Condition (each as defined in the Conditions). The 
Notes described above are not being marketed as green bonds, social bonds or alike purpose financing instrument, since 
the Issuer expects to use the relevant net proceeds for general corporate purposes and therefore the Issuer does not intend 
to allocate the net proceeds specifically to projects or business activities meeting environmental, sustainability or social 
criteria, or be subject to any other limitations associated with such instruments. 
Such Notes may not satisfy an investor’s requirements or any future legal or quasi legal standards for investment in assets 
with sustainability characteristics and the definition of Scope 1 and 2 Emissions and Supplier SBT Percentage may be 
inconsistent with investor requirements or expectation or other definitions relevant to carbon dioxide emissions. 
Although the Issuer targets decreasing its carbon dioxide gas emissions and increasing the percentage of the Group’s 
suppliers that have science based targets in respect of carbon dioxide gas emissions, there can be no assurance of the extent 
to which it will be successful in doing so (particularly as the Group has no direct control over whether any of its suppliers 
will be able to implement appropriate science based targets in respect of carbon dioxide gas emissions) or that any future 
investments it makes in furtherance of these targets will meet investor expectations or any binding or non-binding legal 
standards regarding sustainability performance, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its 
own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental, sustainability or social impact. Adverse environmental or social impacts may occur during the design, 
construction and operation of any investments the Issuer makes in furtherance of this target or such investments may 
become controversial or criticized by activist groups or other stakeholders. 
The Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework Second-party Opinion (as defined under “Sustainability-Linked 
Financing Framework, Second Party Opinion and External Verification” above) as well as any other opinion, report or 
certification that the Issuer may request a specialised consulting firm or rating agency to issue in connection with the issue 
of “Sustainability-Linked Notes”, may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional 
risk factors and other factors that may affect the value of the relevant Notes. A Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework 
Second-party Opinion, as well as any other opinion, report or certification, would not constitute a recommendation to buy, 
sell or hold the relevant “Sustainability-Linked Notes” and would only be current as of the date it is released. A withdrawal 
of any such opinions, reports or certifications may affect the value of such “Sustainability-Linked Notes” and/or may have 
consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in sustainability-linked assets. Furthermore, 
prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion, report or certification and/or the 
information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion, report or certification for the purpose of any investment 
in the Notes. Currently, the providers of such opinions, reports and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory 
or other regime or oversight. For the avoidance of doubt, as mentioned, any such opinion, report or certification (including, 
without limitation, the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework Second-party Opinion  and the related Sustainability-
Linked Financing Framework) is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated into and/or form part of the Base

--- Page 29 ---
21 
 
 
Prospectus. In addition, as there is currently no clearly-defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor clear  
market consensus as to what constitutes a “sustainable” or “sustainability-linked” or equivalently-labelled project or as to 
what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as “sustainable” or “sustainability-linked” (and, in 
addition, the requirements of any such label may evolve from time to time), no assurance is or can be given to investors by 
the Issuer, any other member of the Group, the Arranger, the Dealers, any of their respective affiliates, any second-party 
opinion providers or the Assurance Provider that the Sustainability-Linked Notes will meet any or all investor expectations 
regarding the Sustainability-Linked Notes or the Group’s targets qualifying as “sustainable” or “sustainability-linked” or 
that any adverse other impacts will not occur in connection with the Group striving to achieve such targets. 
The Sustainability-Linked Notes include certain triggers linked to sustainability key performance indicators. 
The Sustainability-Linked Notes include certain triggers linked to sustainability key performance indicators such as the 
Group’s carbon dioxide emissions and the percentage of the Group’s suppliers having targets aligned with the Science 
Based Targets initiatives for carbon dioxide emissions reduction (see “Sustainability-Linked Notes may not be a suitable 
investment for all investors seeking exposure to assets with sustainability characteristics”) in respect of which a Step Up 
Option or Premium Payment Condition applies, if applicable in the relevant Final Terms. The failure to meet such 
sustainability key performance indicators will result in increased interest amounts or additional payments under such Notes, 
which would increase the Group’s cost of funding and which could have a material adverse effect on the Group, its business 
prospects, its financial condition or its results of operations. 
Under the Conditions, a Step Up Event or a Premium Payment Trigger Event may occur if, amongst other things (i) carbon 
dioxide emissions do not reduce by at least the relevant Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage Threshold on the relevant 
Reference Year(s) or (ii) the percentage of the Group’s suppliers having science based targets for carbon dioxide gas 
emissions does not meet the relevant Supplier SBT Percentage Threshold for the relevant Reference Year(s). The 
Conditions permit the Issuer to redetermine the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Baseline to reflect, amongst other things, any 
significant or structural change to the business model and/or perimeter of the Issuer. Accordingly, while any such 
redetermination must be disclosed in accordance with the Conditions and verified by an independent, qualified reviewer, 
any redetermination may increase or decrease the volume of carbon dioxide used as a baseline, and therefore increase the 
volume of carbon dioxide that may be produced by the Group while still being able to satisfy the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions 
Condition and avoid the occurrence of a Step Up Event or a Premium Payment Trigger Event, or decrease the total volume 
of reduction of carbon dioxide that needs to be achieved by the Group in order to satisfy such conditions and avoid the 
occurrence of a Step Up Event or a Premium Payment Trigger Event. 
Failure to meet the relevant sustainability targets may have a material impact on the market price of any Sustainability-
Linked Notes issued under the Programme and could expose the Group to reputational risks. 
Although the Issuer’s intention, on issue of any Sustainability-Linked Note under the Programme, will be to maintain or 
achieve certain sustainability targets, there can be no assurance of the extent to which it will be successful in doing so, that 
the Issuer may decide not to continue with achieving such sustainability targets or that any future investments it makes in 
furtherance of achieving such objectives will meet investor expectations or any binding or non-binding legal standards 
regarding sustainability performance, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws 
or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, 
sustainability or social impact.  
In addition, the Issuer may decide to announce different and/or more ambitious sustainability targets after the Issue Date 
of any Series of Sustainability-Linked Notes or to apply such different and/or more ambitious sustainability targets to other 
financing instruments. In such circumstances, there will be no automatic upgrade of the sustainability targets applicable to 
the Sustainability-Linked Notes outstanding at that time or the provision of different targets. However, while the Issuer 
maintains a certain degree of flexibility to amend the Conditions and the applicable Final Terms to incorporate more 
ambitious sustainability targets following the Issue Date of each Series of Sustainability-Linked Notes (see Conditions 
18(d) and 18(e)), the Issuer is under no obligation to do so. 
Any of the above could adversely impact the trading price of Sustainability-Linked Notes and the price at which a holder 
of Sustainability-Linked Notes will be able to sell its Sustainability-Linked Notes in such circumstance prior to maturity 
may be at a discount, which could be substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such Noteholder. See 
also “Sustainability-Linked Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to assets with 
sustainability characteristics” above for a description of the risk that Sustainability-Linked Notes may not satisfy an 
investor’s requirements or any future legal or other standards for investment in assets with sustainability characteristics. 
A failure by the Group to satisfy the sustainability targets could also harm the Group’s reputation. Furthermore, the Group’s 
efforts in reaching the sustainability targets may become controversial or be criticised by activist groups or other 
stakeholders. Each of such circumstances could have a material adverse effect on the Group, its business prospects, its 
financial condition or its results of operations.

--- Page 30 ---
22 
 
 
Lastly, no Event of Default shall occur under any “Sustainability-Linked Notes” issued under the Programme, nor will the 
Issuer be required to repurchase or redeem such “Sustainability-Linked Notes”, if the Issuer fails to meet any of the 
sustainability targets, or if it fails to comply with the disclosure and reporting obligations under the applicable 
Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework and the Sustainability-Linked Notes and/or withdrawal of such opinion, report 
or certification issued in this respect. 
Noteholders may be bound by the decision of other holders. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting 
their interests generally. These provisions permit defined percentages of Noteholders to bind all Noteholders including 
Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a contrary manner. 
Notes with integral multiples. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have a denomination consisting of the minimum Specified Denomination plus a 
higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is possible that the Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the 
Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of that Specified Denomination. Should Definitive Notes be printed, 
Noteholders who, as a result of trading such amounts, hold a principal amount of Notes other than a multiple of the 
minimum Specified Denomination will receive Definitive Notes in respect of their holding (provided that the aggregate 
amount of Notes they hold is in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination), however, any such Definitive Notes 
which are printed in denominations other than the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
Furthermore, a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a principal amount of Notes less than the 
minimum Specified Denomination may not receive a Definitive Note in respect of such holding (should Definitive Notes 
be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination. 
Notes in New Global Note form. 
The New Global Note form has been introduced to allow for the possibility of debt instruments being issued and held in a 
manner which will permit them to be recognised as eligible collateral for monetary policy of the central banking system 
for the euro (the “Eurosystem”) and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. However in any particular case such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria at the relevant time. Investors should make their own assessment as to whether the Notes meet such Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria. 
The lack of a public market. 
Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which there is 
currently no active trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes, such Tranche of Notes is to be 
consolidated with and form a single Series with a Tranche of Notes which is already issued). If the Notes are traded after 
their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, 
the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the financial condition of the Issuer. The Notes are 
expected to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Regulated 
Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. However, there can be no assurance that a liquid market will develop for the 
Notes, that holders of the Notes will be able to sell their Notes or that such holders will be able to sell their Notes for a 
price that reflects their value. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor’s home currency, he will be exposed to movements 
in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of his holding. In addition, the imposition of exchange controls in 
relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those Notes. 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to 
currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the 
“Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly 
change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the 
risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An 
appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s 
Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes 
and (3) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could adversely 
affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Notes. As a result, investors 
may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal.

--- Page 31 ---
23 
 
 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates. 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely affect the 
value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks and may affect the trading price of the Notes. 
Tranches of Notes that may be issued under the Programme can be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes issued 
under the Programme is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Such rating will not 
necessarily be the same as the rating(s) assigned to the Programme (if any), the Issuer or to Notes already issued. One or 
more independent credit rating agencies may also assign credit ratings to the Notes. 
Such ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, 
and other factors that may affect the value of any Tranche of Notes. In addition, any negative change in the credit rating of 
Metso Outotec could adversely affect the trading price of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to such “benchmarks”. 
EURIBOR and other reference rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” are the subject of recent national, 
international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst 
others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to 
disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material 
adverse effect on any Notes linked to such a “benchmark”. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation was published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 29 June 2016 and has 
applied from 1 January 2018 (with the exception of provisions specified in Article 59 (mainly on critical benchmarks) that 
have applied since 30 June 2016). The EU Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to 
EURIBOR or another “benchmark” rate or index, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” are 
changed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could (amongst other 
things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, 
of the benchmark. In addition, the EU Benchmarks Regulation stipulates that each administrator of a “benchmark” 
regulated thereunder must be licensed by the competent authority of the Member State where such administrator is located. 
There is a risk that administrators of certain “benchmarks” will fail to obtain a necessary licence, preventing them from 
continuing to provide such “benchmarks”. Other administrators may cease to administer certain “benchmarks” because of 
the additional costs of compliance with the EU Benchmarks Regulation and other applicable regulations, and the risks 
associated therewith. There is also a risk that certain benchmarks may continue to be administered but may in time become 
obsolete. 
The Conditions set out below provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark (including 
any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor service)) becomes unavailable, including the 
possibility that the rate of interest could be determined by an independent adviser or the Issuer or set by reference to a 
reference bond rate, a successor rate or an alternative reference rate and that such successor rate or alternative reference 
rate may be adjusted (if required) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, 
any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark. In 
certain circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for 
the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate 
Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning 
the availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates and the involvement of an independent adviser or the 
Issuer in certain circumstances, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of and return on any such Notes. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant reference rate 
could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under Floating Rate Notes or could have a material adverse 
effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under Floating Rate Notes. Investors should consider these 
matters when making their investment decision with respect to Floating Rate Notes. 
A judgment entered against the Issuer in English court may not be recognised or enforceable in Finland due to the 
United Kingdom leaving the EU. 
The United Kingdom left the EU on 31 January 2020 (“Brexit”) and the transitional period agreed in the withdrawal 
agreement during which EU law continued to apply in the United Kingdom, expired on 31 December 2020. 
There is uncertainty concerning the enforcement of English court judgments in Finland following Brexit. The Brussels I 
Regulation Recast (Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2012 
on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters) (i.e., the main EU legal

--- Page 32 ---
24 
 
 
instrument governing jurisdiction and the enforcement of judgments within the EU) is no longer applicable to legal 
proceedings commenced in the United Kingdom after 31 December 2020 or to judgments issued in such proceedings. As 
no new reciprocal agreement on jurisdiction and enforcement of judgments has been agreed between the United Kingdom 
and the EU, a final and conclusive judgment entered against any Finnish company in the courts of England and that is 
enforceable in England, may not be recognized and enforceable by the courts of Finland under the provisions of the Hague 
Convention of June 30, 2005 on Choice of Court Agreements (the “Hague Convention”). To the extent a judgment 
rendered by an English court would not be directly recognized and enforced in Finland under and subject to the Hague 
Convention or any other future bilateral or international convention, enforcement of such judgment in Finland would 
require a new legal action, suit or proceeding in, and judgment by, a Finnish court. In such event, a judgment obtained in 
a court outside of Finland would constitute circumstantial evidence of the questions of fact in the case concerned and 
evidence of the governing law as applied to the matter in dispute, provided that such court had jurisdiction over both the 
subject matter and the parties involved and such judgment was final and was not and is not contrary to the laws or public 
policy of Finland. 
In connection with Brexit, the United Kingdom has applied to accede to the Convention on jurisdiction and the recognition 
and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters (the “Lugano Convention”) in its own right as an 
independent party. Accession requires unanimous approval from all contracting parties, including the EU. Should the 
United Kingdom’s accession to the Lugano Convention be unanimously approved by the contracting parties, the applicable 
rules on jurisdiction and the enforcement of judgments in cross-border disputes with a United Kingdom–EU dimension 
will be relatively similar to those that were followed prior to Brexit. In other words, and as a point of departure, a judgment 
entered against the Issuer in an English court would be recognised and enforceable in Finland without a re-trial on its merits 
on the basis of the Lugano Convention. 
FATCA. 
With respect to (i) Notes issued after the date that is six months after the date the term “foreign passthru payment” is defined 
in regulations published in the U.S. Federal Register (the “Grandfather Date”), or (ii) Notes issued on or before the 
Grandfather Date that are materially modified after such date, the Issuer may, under certain circumstances, be required 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations 
promulgated thereunder (“FATCA”) to withhold U.S. tax at a rate of 30 per cent on all or a portion of payments of principal 
and interest which are treated as “foreign passthru payments” made on or after 1 January 2019, at the earliest, to an investor 
or any other financial institution through which payment on the Notes is made that is a non-U.S. financial institution that 
is not in compliance with FATCA. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, regulations defining the term “foreign passthru 
payment” have not yet been published. If the Issuer issues further Notes on or after the Grandfather Date pursuant to a 
reopening of a Series of Notes that was created on or before the Grandfather Date (the “original Notes”) and such further 
Notes are not fungible with the original Notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes, payments on such further Notes may 
be subject to withholding under FATCA and, should the original Notes and the further Notes be indistinguishable for non-
tax purposes, payments on the original Notes may also become subject to withholding under FATCA. The FATCA 
withholding tax may be triggered if: (i) the Issuer is a foreign financial institution (an “FFI”, as defined in FATCA), and 
(ii) the Issuer, or a paying agent through which payments on the Notes are made, has agreed to provide the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Service (the “IRS”) or other applicable authority with certain information on its account holders (making the 
Issuer or such paying agent a “Participating FFI”, as defined in FATCA) and (iii)(a) an investor does not provide 
information sufficient for the relevant Participating FFI that is making the payment to determine whether the investor is a 
U.S. person or should otherwise be treated as holding a “United States Account” of such FFI, or (b) any FFI through or to 
which payments on the Notes are made is not a Participating FFI. 
The United States has concluded several intergovernmental agreements (“IGAs”) with other jurisdictions in respect of 
FATCA. The governments of Finland and the United States have signed an Agreement to Improve International Tax 
Compliance and to Implement FATCA (the “Finnish IGA”). Under the Finnish IGA, an entity classified as an FFI that is 
treated as resident in Finnish is expected to provide the Finnish tax authorities with certain information on U.S. holders of 
its securities. Information on U.S. holders will be automatically exchanged with the IRS. The Issuer does not expect to be 
treated as an FFI; however, if the Issuer is treated as an FFI, provided that it complies with the requirements of the Finnish 
IGA and the Finnish legislation implementing the Finnish IGA, it should not be subject to FATCA withholding on any 
payments it receives and it should not be required to withhold tax on any “foreign passthru payments” that it makes. 
Although the Issuer may not be required to withhold FATCA taxes in respect of any foreign passthru payments it makes 
under the Finnish IGA, FATCA withholding may apply in respect of any payments made on the Notes by any paying agent. 
The application of FATCA to interest, principal or other amounts paid on or with respect to the Notes is not currently clear. 
If an amount in respect of U.S. withholding tax were to be deducted or withheld from interest, principal or other payments 
on the Notes as a result of a Holder’s failure to comply with FATCA, none of the Issuer, any paying agent or any other 
person would, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Notes, be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the 
deduction or withholding of such tax.

--- Page 33 ---
25 
 
 
Risks Related to Non PR Notes 
An active secondary market in respect of the Non PR Notes may never be established or may be illiquid, which would 
adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell its Non PR Notes. 
Non PR Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does develop, 
it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Non PR Notes easily or at prices that will 
provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market or at prices higher 
than the relevant investor’s initial investment. Therefore, in establishing their investment strategy, investors should ensure 
that the term of the Non PR Notes is in line with their future liquidity requirements. This is particularly the case for Non 
PR Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment 
objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. 
These types of Non PR Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than 
conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Non PR Notes. 
The Issuer may, but is not obliged to, list an issue of Non PR Notes on a stock exchange. If Non PR Notes are not listed or 
traded on any exchange, pricing information for the relevant Non PR Notes may be more difficult to obtain and the liquidity 
of such Non PR Notes may be adversely affected. 
The secondary market price of any Non PR Notes immediately following their issue may be less than the issue price. 
If Non PR Notes are not listed or admitted to trading on a regulated market, they may be traded on trading systems governed 
by the laws and regulations in force from time to time (e.g., multilateral trading systems or “MTF”) or in other trading 
systems (e.g., bilateral systems, or equivalent trading systems). Trading in such Non PR Notes may take place outside the 
above-mentioned trading systems, with possible risks as to the transparency of the determination of prices. Investors should 
note that the Issuer does not grant any warranty to Noteholders as to the methodologies used to determine the price of Non 
PR Notes which are traded outside a trading system, however, where the Issuer or any of their affiliates determine the price 
of such Non PR Notes, they will take into account the market parameters applicable at such time in accordance with 
applicable provisions of law. 
The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may, but is not obliged to, at any time purchase Non PR Notes at any price in the open 
market or by tender or private treaty. Any Non PR Notes so purchased may be held or resold or surrendered for cancellation. 
Any relevant Dealer may, but is not obliged to, be a market maker for an issue of Non PR Notes. Even if a relevant Dealer 
is a market-maker for an issue of Non PR Notes, the secondary market for such Non PR Notes may be limited and there is 
no assurance given as to the price offered by a secondary market-maker or the impact of any such quoted prices on those 
available in the wider market. To the extent that an issue of Non PR Notes becomes illiquid, an investor may have to hold 
the relevant Non PR Notes until maturity before it is able to realise value. 
In the case of unlisted Non PR Notes (i) subject to optional redemption by the Issuer and (ii) where principal or interest is 
determined by reference to an index or formula, to changes in the prices of securities or commodities, to movements in 
currency exchange rates or other factors (“Unlisted Callable Structured Notes”), the Issuer may from time to time publish 
on a screen page of a commercial quotation service or on such other basis as it may advise the relevant Dealer(s) an 
indication of the charges it may apply on any purchase by it of such Unlisted Callable Structured Notes. 
Any such publication is in the Issuer’s sole and absolute discretion and the Issuer may subsequently change any indicative 
charge so published or cease such publication at any time and for any reason. No such publication will constitute an offer 
to buy or a solicitation of an offer to sell any Unlisted Callable Structured Notes or represent any undertaking or other 
commitment by the Issuer to purchase any Unlisted Callable Structured Notes and any actual charge applied by the Issuer 
on any purchase of Unlisted Callable Structured Notes by it may be greater or less than any indicative charge published. 
The Issuer will not at any time purchase any Unlisted Callable Structured Non PR Notes from any Noteholder in any 
jurisdiction in which such purchase is unlawful and the Issuer may decide not to purchase Unlisted Callable Structured 
Notes at any time and for any reason. 
Any charge the Issuer may apply on any purchase of Unlisted Callable Structured Notes will be only one of the relevant 
considerations in determining the purchase price of the relevant Unlisted Callable Structured Notes and other relevant 
factors may include, without limitation, the weighted average life of the Unlisted Callable Structured Notes and the cost to 
the Issuer of unwinding any underlying and/or related hedging and funding arrangements. The determination of such factors 
and any price at which the Issuer may purchase any Unlisted Callable Structured Notes will be in the sole and absolute 
discretion of the Issuer. 
Investors should note that a secondary market may be affected by both legal restrictions in certain jurisdictions and by the 
Issuer and/or any relevant Dealer purchasing or holding Non PR Notes.

--- Page 34 ---
26 
 
 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche 
of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and this Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import.

--- Page 35 ---
27 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The Issuer will, at the specified offices of the Paying Agents (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”), 
provide, free of charge, upon oral or written request, a copy of this Base Prospectus (or any document incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus). Written or oral requests for such documents should be directed to the registered office 
of the Issuer. Such documents will also be available to view on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu) and on the Issuer’s website at www.mogroup.com. 
The Demerger was completed on 30 June 2020. For financial reporting purposes, the Demerger is accounted for as a reverse 
acquisition using the IFRS acquisition method of accounting where the Metso Minerals Business is deemed to be the 
accounting acquirer and Outotec the acquiree. The comparative financial information as at and for the year ended 
31 December 2020 included in this Base Prospectus and in the 2021 Financial Statements (as defined below), and the 
consolidated financial statements as at and for the year ended 31 December 2020 included in the 2020 Financial Statements 
(as defined below), consist of carve-out financial information of the Metso Minerals Business as at and for the six months 
ended 30 June 2020 and consolidated financial information of Metso Outotec as at and for the six months ended 31 
December 2020. The comparative financial information as at and for the year ended 31 December 2019 included in the 
2020 Financial Statements includes only carve-out financial information of the Metso Minerals Business. 
The following documents shall be incorporated by reference into, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
● 
The Issuer’s interim report as at and for the nine months ended 30 September 2022 (including notes thereto and 
the comparative financial information as at and for the nine months ended 30 September 2021, but excluding the 
paragraphs titled “Market outlook” on pages 2 and 13) (the “Interim Report”); 
www.mogroup.com/globalassets/investors/reports/2022/metso-outotec-interim-report-q3-2022-.pdf 
● 
The audited consolidated financial statements (including the auditor’s report thereon and notes thereto) of the 
Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 December 2021, including the comparative financial information as at and 
for the year ended 31 December 2020 (the “2021 Financial Statements”); and 
www.mogroup.com/globalassets/investors/reports/2021/metsooutotec_financial_review_2021.pdf 
● 
The audited consolidated financial statements (including the auditor’s report thereon and notes thereto) of the 
Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 December 2020, including the comparative financial information as at and 
for the year ended 31 December 2019 (the “2020 Financial Statements”, and together with the 2021 Financial 
Statements, the “Full-year Financial Statements”). 
www.mogroup.com/globalassets/investors/reports/2021/metsooutotec_financial_review_2020.pdf 
● 
The terms and conditions of the Notes contained in the previous Base Prospectus dated 13 November 2020 at 
pages 35-61 (inclusive) prepared by the Issuer in connection with the establishment of the Programme. 
www.mogroup.com/globalassets/investors/debt-investors/base-prospectus-_2020-11-13-1.pdf  
The information in respect of the Issuer’s financial statements incorporated by reference above is available as follows: 
Information Incorporated by Reference 
Reference 
Metso Outotec interim report as at and for the nine months ended 30 September 2022 
 
Interim Report (excluding the paragraphs titled “Market outlook” on pages 2 and 13) ......................  
Pages 1–13 
Consolidated Statement of Income, IFRS ............................................................................................  
Page 14 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income, IFRS ..................................................................  
Page 15 
Consolidated Balance Sheet – Assets, IFRS ........................................................................................  
Page 16 
Consolidated Balance Sheet – Equity and Liabilities, IFRS ................................................................  
Page 17 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity, IFRS ...................................................  
Page 18 
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows, IFRS...................................................................  
Page 19 
Key Figures, IFRS ...............................................................................................................................  
Page 20 
Formulas for Key Figures, IFRS ..........................................................................................................  
Page 21 
Alternative Performance Measures ......................................................................................................  
Page 21 
Notes to the Interim Report ..................................................................................................................  
Pages 22–31 
The audited consolidated financial statements of Metso Outotec as at and for the year ended 
31 December 2021 
 
Consolidated Statement of Income ......................................................................................................  
Page 25 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income ............................................................................  
Page 25 
Consolidated Balance Sheet – Assets ..................................................................................................  
Page 26 
Consolidated Balance Sheet – Equity and Liabilities ..........................................................................  
Page 26

--- Page 36 ---
28 
 
 
Information Incorporated by Reference 
Reference 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity ..............................................................  
Page 27 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows ...............................................................................................  
Page 28 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements ..................................................................................  
Pages 29–83 
Auditor’s Report ..................................................................................................................................  
Pages 96–99 
The audited consolidated financial statements of Metso Outotec as at and for the year ended 
31 December 2020 
 
Consolidated Statement of Income, IFRS ............................................................................................  
Page 31 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income, IFRS ..................................................................  
Page 31 
Consolidated Balance Sheet – Assets, IFRS ........................................................................................  
Page 32 
Consolidated Balance Sheet – Equity and Liabilities, IFRS ................................................................  
Page 32 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity, IFRS ...................................................  
Page 33 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows, IFRS .....................................................................................  
Page 34 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements ..................................................................................  
Pages 35–90 
Auditor’s Report ..................................................................................................................................  
Pages 103–106 
 
Any information contained in or incorporated by reference in any of the documents specified above which is not 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus and, for the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, 
information contained on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 37 ---
29 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, Pricing Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus, the net proceeds 
of the issue of each Tranche of Notes (including but not limited to any Sustainability-Linked Notes) will be applied by the 
Issuer to meet part of its general financing requirements.

--- Page 38 ---
30 
 
 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time during the duration of the Programme there is a significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating 
to information contained in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes whose inclusion 
would reasonably be required by investors for the purpose of making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and the rights attaching to the Notes, the Issuer will prepare 
a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a replacement Base Prospectus in connection with any subsequent offering 
of the Notes.

--- Page 39 ---
31 
 
 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes will initially be in the form of either a temporary global note (the “Temporary Global Note”), 
without interest coupons or principal receipts, or a permanent global note (the “Permanent Global Note”), without interest 
coupons or principal receipts, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Temporary Global Note or, as the 
case may be, Permanent Global Note (each a “Global Note”) which is not intended to be issued in new global note (“NGN”) 
form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the 
Notes with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system and each Global Note which is intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
On 13 June 2006 the ECB announced that notes in NGN form are in compliance with the “Standards for the use of EU 
securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations” of the central banking system for the euro (the “Eurosystem”), 
provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled. At the same time the ECB also announced that arrangements for notes in 
NGN form will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global 
bearer form issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as 
collateral for Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used. 
The relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C), or substantial 
identical successor regulations, (the “TEFRA C Rules”) or United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the 
“TEFRA D Rules”) are applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, 
that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable. 
Temporary Global Note Exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole 
or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons or principal receipts, not earlier than 40 days 
after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. No payments 
will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly 
withheld or refused. In addition, interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of 
non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global Note, the 
Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Permanent 
Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent exchange) an increase in the 
principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Note at the specified office of 
the Fiscal Agent; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership, within seven days of 
the bearer requesting such exchange. 
The principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of the principal 
amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership; provided, however, that in no circumstances shall 
the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note exceed the initial principal amount of Notes 
represented by the Temporary Global Note. 
If: 
(a) 
the Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased by 5.00 p.m. (London 
time) on the seventh day after the bearer of the Temporary Global Note has requested exchange of an interest in 
the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note; or 
(b) 
Definitive Notes have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the bearer of the 
Temporary Global Note has requested exchange of the Temporary Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(c) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global Note has occurred and, in either 
case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to 
the bearer of the Temporary Global Note in accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global Note on the due 
date for payment,

--- Page 40 ---
32 
 
 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note or increase the principal 
amount thereof or deliver Definitive Notes, as the case may be) will become void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such 
seventh day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (b) above) or at 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date (in the case of (c) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have 
no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or others 
may have under the Deed of Covenant). 
The Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part only and at the request of the bearer of the 
Permanent Global Note, for Notes in definitive form (“Definitive Notes”): 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies “in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global Note”, then 
if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to 
cease business or (b) any of the circumstances described in Condition 14 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt delivery 
(free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons, Receipts and, if, at the time 
of exchange into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments are left, Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global 
Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note at the specified office 
of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the bearer has 
requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global Note has occurred and, in either 
case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to 
the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then such Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (i) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date (in the case 
of (ii) above) and the Holder of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to 
the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). 
Temporary Global Note Exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specify the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes” 
and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C Rules or the TEFRA D Rules are 
applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole 
but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specify the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes” 
and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary 
Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest payments in 
respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt delivery 
(free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons, Receipts and, if, at the time 
of exchange into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments are left, Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms), in the case of an exchange in whole, in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the 
Temporary Global Note or, in the case of a partial exchange, in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount 
of the Temporary Global Note being so exchanged, to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the surrender of 
the Temporary Global Note at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the bearer has 
requested exchange of the Temporary Global Note for Definitive Notes; or

--- Page 41 ---
33 
 
 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global Note has occurred and, in either 
case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to 
the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date (in the case 
of (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to 
the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). 
Permanent Global Note Exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will be exchangeable in whole, but 
not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies “in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global Note”, then 
if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to 
cease business or (b) any of the circumstances described in Condition 14 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt delivery 
(free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons, Receipts and Talons attached 
(if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes 
represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the 
Permanent Global Note at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the bearer has 
requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global Note has occurred and, in either 
case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to 
the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date ((b) above) 
and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights 
which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). 
Rights under Deed of Covenant 
Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note which 
becomes void will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have been entitled if, immediately 
before the Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note became void, they had been the holders of Definitive Notes 
in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the records of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Terms and Conditions Applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist of the terms and 
conditions set out under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which 
complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which would 
apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under “Overview of Provisions Relating to the Notes 
while in Global Form”.

--- Page 42 ---
34 
 
 
Denominations of Definitive Notes 
The Notes issued under the Programme will have minimum authorised denominations of EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent 
in another currency). Subject thereto and if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Notes may be issued in 
denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination and higher integral multiples of another smaller amount 
(each an “Integral Multiple”). If circumstances arise where Definitive Notes need to be issued in respect of such Notes, 
they will be issued in denominations of the minimum Specified Denomination and in Integral Multiples in excess thereof 
up to and including an amount in the Specified Currency which shall be equal to two times the minimum Specified 
Denomination less the Integral Multiple (the “Definitive Amount”). No Definitive Notes will be issued with a 
denomination above the Definitive Amount. 
Legend Concerning United States Persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in global form, the Notes in 
definitive form and any Coupons, Receipts and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the following effect: 
“Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income 
tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code”. 
The sections referred to in such legend provide that a United States person who holds a Note, Coupon, Receipt or Talon 
will generally not be allowed to deduct any loss realised on the sale, exchange or redemption of such Note, Coupon, Receipt 
or Talon and any gain (which might otherwise be characterised as capital gain) recognised on such sale, exchange or 
redemption will be treated as ordinary income.

--- Page 43 ---
35 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Non 
PR Notes, as completed, supplemented, amended and/or replaced by the relevant Pricing Supplement, will be endorsed on 
each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form 
will differ from those terms and conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described 
under “Overview of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form”. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme: Metso Outotec Corporation (the “Issuer”) has established a Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme (the “Programme”) for the issuance of up to EUR 2,000,000,000 in aggregate principal 
amount of notes (the “Notes”). 
(b) 
Series: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a “Series”) and each Series may 
comprise one or more tranches (each a “Tranche”) of Notes. 
(c) 
Final Terms, Pricing Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus: The terms and conditions applicable to any 
particular Tranche of Notes are these terms and conditions (the “Conditions”), as completed by a 
document specific to such Tranche of Notes called final terms (the “Final Terms”) or, in the case of Non 
PR Notes, as completed, supplemented, amended and/or replaced in a document specific to such Tranche 
of Notes called a pricing supplement (the “Pricing Supplement”) or as supplemented, amended and/or 
replaced with such terms as are disclosed in a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche of Notes (the 
“Drawdown Prospectus”). In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Pricing 
Supplement or a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in these Conditions to information being 
specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such 
information being specified or identified in the relevant Pricing Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus. 
(d) 
Agency Agreement: The Notes are the subject of a fiscal agency agreement dated 13 November 2020 (as 
amended or supplemented from time to time, the “Agency Agreement”) between the Issuer and Citibank, 
N.A., London Branch as fiscal agent (the “Fiscal Agent”, which expression includes any successor fiscal 
agent appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes) and as paying agent (the “Paying 
Agent”), which expression includes any successor or additional paying agent appointed from time to 
time in connection with the Notes and, together with the Fiscal Agent and any other paying agents 
appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes, the “Paying Agents”. 
(e) 
The Notes and the Non PR Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to “Notes” are to the 
Notes which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms. References to “Non PR Notes” in these 
Conditions mean Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended. Copies of the relevant Final Terms relating to Notes which are admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system are 
available for inspection and may be obtained during normal business hours at the specified offices of the 
Paying Agents, the initial specified offices of which are set out in Schedule 5 to the Agency Agreement, 
and at the registered office of the Issuer. In the case of any Notes which are not admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, copies of the 
relevant Pricing Supplement will only be available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders. 
(f) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement and are 
subject to its detailed provisions. The holders (the “Noteholders”) of the Notes, the holders of the related 
principal receipts, if any (the “Receiptholders” and the “Receipts”, respectively) and the holders of the 
related interest coupons, if any (the “Couponholders” and the “Coupons”, respectively) are bound by, 
and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them. Copies 
of the Agency Agreement are available for inspection by Noteholders during normal business hours at 
the specified offices of each of the Paying Agents, the initial specified offices of which are set out in 
Schedule 5 to the Agency Agreement. 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
“2006 ISDA Definitions” means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of Notes of such Series) 
as published by ISDA (copies of which may be obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org);

--- Page 44 ---
36 
 
 
“2021 ISDA Definitions” means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA 
Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any successor Matrix thereto), as 
defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of Notes of such Series, as published by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org); 
“Accrual Yield” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Additional Business Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Additional Financial Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Assurance Provider” means, at any time, either (i) the external auditors of the Issuer from time to time 
appointed by the Issuer to audit the Issuer’s financial statements; or (ii) an independent, qualified 
assurance provider with relevant expertise to be appointed by the Issuer, or, in the event that either of 
such assurance providers resigns or is otherwise replaced, such other independent, qualified provider(s) 
with relevant expertise appointed by the Issuer; 
“Assurance Report” has the meaning given to it in the definition of Reporting Requirements; 
“Baseline Redetermination Event” means any significant changes in: (i) the Group’s structure 
(including but not limited to the Group’s insourcing or outsourcing arrangements) or (ii) the methodology 
for calculating any Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Amount arising from a change in law or regulation 
applicable to the Group or a widely recognised industry reporting standard or protocol or a change in 
Assurance Provider or any third party that assists the Group in its calculation of its Scope 1 and 2 
Emissions Amount, in each case which would have increased or decreased the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions 
Baseline by 5 per cent. or more had it occurred prior to the date of the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Baseline 
referred to in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Business Day” means: 
(a) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre; and 
(b) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; 
“Business Day Convention”, in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation to 
different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(a) 
“Following Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day; 
(b) 
“Modified Following Business Day Convention” or “Modified Business Day Convention” 
means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day 
unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first preceding 
day that is a Business Day; 
(c) 
“Preceding Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be brought forward 
to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(d) 
“FRN Convention”, “Floating Rate Convention” or “Eurodollar Convention” means that 
each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date 
in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred 
provided, however, that: 
(i) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any 
such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in 
that calendar month; 
(ii) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such 
date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the

--- Page 45 ---
37 
 
 
next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business 
Day; and 
(iii) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar 
month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(e) 
“No Adjustment” means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention; 
“Calculation Agent” means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or such other 
amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Calculation Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Call Option” means the option of the Issuer to redeem the Notes pursuant to Condition 11(c) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer); 
“Coupon Sheet” means, in respect of a Note in definitive form, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
“DA Selected Bond” means the selected government security or securities selected by the Determination 
Agent as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes, that 
would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing 
new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as the Notes and of a 
comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes; 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the 
“Calculation Period”), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant 
Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of 
days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(b) 
if “Actual/365” or “Actual/Actual - ISDA” is so specified, means the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a 
leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(c) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365; 
(d) 
if “Actual/360” is so specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360;

--- Page 46 ---
38 
 
 
(e) 
if “30/360” is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction 
=
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(f) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction 
=
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(g) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction 
=
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 47 ---
39 
 
 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date 
or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is calculated from 
and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day of the Calculation 
Period; 
“Determination Agent” means an investment bank or financial institution of international standing 
selected by the Issuer after consultation with the Dealer(s) named in the relevant Final Terms, Pricing 
Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus, as applicable; 
“Early Redemption Amount (Tax)” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, these Conditions; 
“Early Termination Amount” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount 
as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, these Conditions; 
“EURIBOR” means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a 
designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from time to 
time of the European Money Markets Institute (or any other person which takes over the administration 
of that rate) based on estimated interbank borrowing rates for a number of designated currencies and 
maturities which are provided, in respect of each such currency, by a panel of contributor banks (details 
of historic EURIBOR rates can be obtained from the designated distributor); 
“Extraordinary Resolution” has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
“Final Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Note, its outstanding principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (which shall be at least equal to its nominal 
amount); 
“Fixed Coupon Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“GHG Protocol Standard” means the document titled “The Greenhouse Gas Protocol, A Corporate 
Accounting and Reporting Standard (Revised Edition)” published by the World Business Council for 
Sustainable Development and the World Resources Institute, as may be amended and updated as at the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Sustainability-Linked Notes; 
“GRI Sustainability Reporting Standards” means the document titled “GRI 305:  Emissions 2016” 
published by the Global Reporting Initiative, as may be amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the relevant Sustainability-Linked Notes; 
“Gross Redemption Yield” means, with respect to a security, the gross redemption yield on such 
security, expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Determination Agent on the basis set out by the 
United Kingdom Debt Management Office in the paper “Formulae for Calculating Gilt Prices from 
Yields”, page 5, Section One: Price/Yield Formulae “Conventional Gilts; Double-dated and Undated 
Gilts with Assumed (or Actual) Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon Date” (published on 8 June 1998 and 
updated on 15 January 2002 and 16 March 2005, and as further amended, updated, supplemented or 
replaced from time to time) or, if such formula does not reflect generally accepted market practice at the 
time of redemption, a gross redemption yield calculated in accordance with generally accepted market 
practice at such time as determined by the Determination Agent; 
“Group” means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries for the time being;

--- Page 48 ---
40 
 
 
“Guarantee” means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of another Person to 
pay such Indebtedness including (without limitation): 
(a) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness; 
(b) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities or to purchase 
assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such Indebtedness; 
(c) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such Indebtedness; and 
(d) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness; 
“Indebtedness” means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised including (without 
limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(a) 
amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility; 
(b) 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility; 
(c) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which would, in 
accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, be treated as 
finance or capital leases; 
(d) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services the payment 
of which is deferred for a period in excess of 60 days; and 
(e) 
amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, any forward sale or 
purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing; 
“Interest Amount” means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable in 
respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Determination Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date or dates specified as such in the relevant Final Terms and, if a 
Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(b) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the 
FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period 
of calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
“Interest Period” means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date or 
any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date; 
“Intermediate Target” means, in respect of any Reporting Year, the threshold (expressed as a 
percentage) specified in the applicable Final Terms for such Reporting Year; 
“ISDA Benchmarks Supplement” means the Benchmarks Supplement (as amended and updated as at 
the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms)) published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc; 
“ISDA Definitions” means either the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA Definitions as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Issue Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Make Whole Redemption Price” has the meaning given in Condition 11(d) (Redemption and Purchase 
– Make Whole Redemption at the option of the Issuer); 
“Margin” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 49 ---
41 
 
 
“Material Subsidiary” means, at any time, any Subsidiary of the Issuer: 
(a) 
whose total assets (consolidated in the case of a company which itself has Subsidiaries) 
represent not less than 10 per cent of the consolidated total assets of the Group taken as a whole; 
or 
(b) 
whose net sales (consolidated in the case of a company which itself has Subsidiaries) represent 
not less than 10 per cent of the consolidated total net sales of the Group taken as a whole, 
all as calculated by reference to the then most recent financial statements (consolidated or, as the case 
may be, unconsolidated) of such Subsidiary and the then most recent consolidated financial statements 
of the Group but if a Subsidiary has been acquired since the date as at which the then most recent 
consolidated financial statements of the Group were prepared, the financial statements shall be adjusted 
in order to take into account the acquisition of that Subsidiary (that adjustment being certified by two 
directors of the Issuer (accompanied by a report by the Group’s auditors addressed to the directors of the 
Issuer as to proper extraction of the figures used by the directors of the Issuer and the mathematical 
accuracy of the calculations)). 
Such a certificate by two directors of the Issuer stating that, in their opinion, a Subsidiary of the Issuer is 
or is not a Material Subsidiary, accompanied by a report by the auditors addressed to the directors of the 
Issuer as to proper extraction of the figures used by the directors of the Issuer in determining the Material 
Subsidiaries of the Issuer and mathematical accuracy of the calculations shall, in the absence of manifest 
error, be conclusive and binding on all parties; 
“Maturity Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Maximum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Minimum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in Condition 11(d) 
(Redemption and Purchase – Make Whole Redemption at the option of the Issuer); 
“Notification Deadline” means, in respect of each Reporting Year (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
any Reference Year), the 120th day of such Reporting Year or such earlier date as is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of any Reporting Year (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
any Reference Year), the period from and including 1 January in the previous calendar year to and 
including 31 December in the previous calendar year; 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Call)” means, in respect of any Note, its outstanding principal amount 
or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Change of Control Put)” means, in respect of any Note, its 
outstanding principal amount or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Put)” means, in respect of any Note, its outstanding principal amount 
or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Date (Call)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Date (Change of Control Put)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Date (Put)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Participating Member State” means a member state of the European Union which has adopted the 
euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
“Payment Business Day” means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation 
and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and

--- Page 50 ---
42 
 
 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day 
on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional 
Financial Centre; or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation 
and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of 
payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
“Person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
“Principal Financial Centre” means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency provided, however, that: 
(a) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such member state of the European 
Union as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by 
the Calculation Agent; and 
(b) 
in relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland, in each case as is 
selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the 
Calculation Agent; 
“Put Option” means the option of the Holder of any Note to require the Issuer to redeem such Note 
pursuant to Condition 11(h) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders); 
“Put Option Notice” means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any Noteholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
“Put Option Receipt” means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon deposit 
of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the 
option of the Noteholder; 
“Quotation Time” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance with 
the provisions of these Conditions; 
“Redemption Amount” means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount, 
the Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the Early 
Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
“Redemption Margin” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Banks” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four (or if the Principal 
Financial Centre is Helsinki, five) major banks selected by the Issuer in the market that is most closely 
connected with the Reference Rate; 
“Reference Bond” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if not so specified or to the 
extent that such Reference Bond specified in the Final Terms is no longer outstanding on the relevant 
Reference Date, the DA Selected Bond; 
“Reference Bond Price” means, with respect to any Reference Date, (i) the arithmetic average of the 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding the highest 
and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if fewer than four such Reference 
Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received, the arithmetic average of all such quotations; 
“Reference Bond Rate” means, with respect to any Reference Date, the rate per annum equal to the 
annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) for the Remaining Term or interpolated yield for the

--- Page 51 ---
43 
 
 
Remaining Term (on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the 
Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price 
for such Reference Date; 
“Reference Date” has the meaning given in the relevant notice of redemption; 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer” means each of four banks selected by the Issuer (following, 
where practicable, consultation with the Determination Agent, if applicable), or their affiliates, which are 
(i) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (ii) market makers in 
pricing corporate bond issues; 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations” means, with respect to each Reference Government 
Bond Dealer and any Reference Date, the arithmetic average, as determined by the Determination Agent, 
of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its 
principal amount) at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date quoted in writing to the Determination 
Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer; 
“Reference Price” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Rate” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Year” means the calendar year(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the 
Reference Year(s); 
“Regular Period” means: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, 
each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the first 
Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including one Interest Payment Date 
to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid 
only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in 
any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where “Regular Date” means the day and 
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(c) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest Period, 
interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where 
“Regular Date” means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment 
Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period. 
“Relevant Date” means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which the 
payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Fiscal Agent in accordance with the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount 
having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders; 
“Relevant Financial Centre” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Relevant Indebtedness” means any Indebtedness which is in the form of or represented by any bond, 
note, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or other instrument which is, or is capable of 
being, listed, quoted or traded or admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system or in any securities market (including, without limitation, any 
over-the-counter market) which are either (i) denominated in the lawful currency of Finland and are 
initially distributed primarily outside Finland, or (ii) denominated in any other currency; 
“Relevant Screen Page” means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, 
or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such other 
information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the 
information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference 
Rate; 
“Relevant Time” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 52 ---
44 
 
 
“Remaining Term” means the term to maturity or, if a Par Option Commencement Date is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, to such Par Option Commencement Date; 
“Reporting Requirements” means, in each case by the Notification Deadline in the relevant Reporting 
Year: 
(i) 
if a Baseline Recalculation Event occurred during the relevant Observation Period, the Issuer 
has redetermined the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Baseline; 
(ii) 
in respect of each Observation Period for any Reporting Year, that the Issuer publishes on its 
website: (A) the then current Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Baseline, Scope 1 and 2 Emissions 
Amount and the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage for the relevant Observation Period; and/or 
(B) the Supplier SBT Percentage for the relevant Observation Period, as applicable to such 
Series of Sustainability-Linked Notes, as well as in the case of each of (A) and (B) above, the 
relevant calculation methodology, within a document discussing its sustainability-linked 
finance progress report, which may be included in the non-financial statements of the Issuer (the 
“Sustainability-Linked Finance Progress Report”); and 
(iii) 
in respect of each Observation Period for any Reporting Year, that the Issuer publishes on its 
website an assurance report issued by the Assurance Provider (the “Assurance Report”) in 
respect of the then current Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Amount, Scope 1 and 2 Emissions 
Percentage and/or Supplier SBT Percentage, as applicable to such Series of Sustainability-
Linked Notes, specified in the Sustainability-Linked Finance Progress Report, provided that, in 
the event a Baseline Redetermination Event occurs during the relevant Observation Period and 
the Issuer redetermines (also on a pro forma basis) the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Baseline, such 
Assurance Report shall also confirm the redetermination of the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions 
Baseline; 
“Reporting Year” means, for any Series of Sustainability-Linked Notes, each calendar year, 
commencing with the calendar year following the calendar year in which such Notes are issued, up to 
and including the latest Reference Year for such Notes; 
“Reserved Matter” means any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in 
respect of the Notes (which for the avoidance of doubt shall not include any proposal in relation to 
Condition 11(i) (Change of Control Put Option) or a cancellation of an acceleration as specified in the 
final paragraph of Condition 14 (Events of Default)), to reduce the amount of principal or interest payable 
on any date in respect of the Notes, to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in 
respect of the Notes or the date for any such payment, to change the currency of any payment under the 
Notes or to change the quorum requirements relating to meetings or the majority required to pass an 
Extraordinary Resolution; 
“Scope 1 and 2 Emissions” means, collectively: 
(i) 
direct greenhouse gas emissions from sources owned, controlled or operated by the Group, as 
such emissions are defined by the GRI Sustainability Reporting Standards and the GHG 
Protocol Standard (the “Scope 1 Emissions”); and 
(ii) 
indirect greenhouse gas emissions from the generation of electricity, energy, heating, cooling 
and steam purchased or acquired by the Group calculated using the market-based method, as 
such emissions are defined by the GRI Sustainability Reporting Standards and the GHG 
Protocol Standard (the “Scope 2 Emissions”); 
“Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Amount” means, in tCO2e, Scope 1 and 2 Emissions calculated by the Issuer 
in respect of any Observation Period, confirmed by the Assurance Provider and reported by the Issuer in 
the relevant Sustainability-Linked Finance Progress Report; 
“Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Baseline” means the figure specified in the relevant Final Terms, being the 
sum of Scope 1 and 2 Emissions for the year specified in the relevant Final Terms determined on the 
basis of the tCO2e impact of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries as at 31 December in the year specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, provided that the Issuer shall redetermine (also on a pro forma basis) the Scope 1 
and 2 Emissions Baseline to reflect the occurrence of a Baseline Redetermination Event and such 
redetermination will be effective if (i) all relevant details of the events requiring the redetermination and 
the quantum of such redetermination are published by the Issuer in the Sustainability-Linked Finance 
Progress Report for the Reporting Year in respect of the Observation Period in which the Baseline 
Redetermination Event occurs and (ii) the redetermination is confirmed by the Assurance Provider in the

--- Page 53 ---
45 
 
 
relevant Assurance Report for the Reporting Year in respect of the Observation Period in which the 
Baseline Redetermination Event occurs; 
“Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Condition” means that: 
(i) 
the Issuer complies with the applicable Reporting Requirements for each Observation Period by 
no later than each Notification Deadline in the relevant Reporting Year; and 
(ii) 
the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage in respect of the Observation Period for any Reference 
Year, as shown in the relevant Sustainability-Linked Finance Progress Report, was equal to or 
greater than the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage Threshold in respect of such Reference 
Year, 
and if the requirements of paragraphs (i) and/or (ii) above are not met in any Reporting Year (including, 
for the avoidance of doubt, any Reference Year) (by the relevant Notification Deadline), as applicable, 
the Issuer shall be deemed to have failed to satisfy the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Condition; 
“Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event” occurs if the Issuer fails to satisfy the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions 
Condition; 
“Scope 1 and 2 Emission Percentage” means, in respect of any Observation Period, the percentage 
(rounded to the nearest whole number, with 0.5 rounded upwards) by which the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions 
Amount for such Observation Period are reduced in comparison to the then current Scope 1 and 2 
Emissions Baseline, as calculated by the Issuer, confirmed by the Assurance Provider and reported by 
the Issuer in the relevant Sustainability-Linked Finance Progress Report; 
“Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage Threshold” means the threshold (expressed as a percentage) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage Threshold in 
respect of the relevant Reference Year(s), subject to increase as specified in a Threshold Increase Notice 
in accordance with Condition 18(d). For the avoidance of doubt, the occurrence of any Baseline 
Redetermination Event may not result in any adjustment to the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage 
Threshold(s), but shall result in the redetermination (also on a pro forma basis) of the Scope 1 and 2 
Emissions Baseline; 
“Security Interest” means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest including, 
without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws of any jurisdiction; 
“Sustainability-Linked Finance Progress Report” has the meaning given to it in the definition of 
Reporting Requirements; 
“Specified Currency” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Specified Denomination(s)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“specified office” has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
“Specified Period” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in Condition 11(d) (Redemption 
and Purchase – Make Whole Redemption at the option of the Issuer); 
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to any company or corporation, a company or corporation: 
(a) 
which is controlled, directly or indirectly, by the first mentioned company or corporation; 
(b) 
more than half the issued share capital of which is beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by 
the first mentioned company or corporation; or 
(c) 
which is a Subsidiary of another Subsidiary of the first mentioned company or corporation, 
and for this purpose, a company or corporation shall be treated as being controlled by another if that other 
company or corporation is able to direct its affairs and/or to control the composition of its board of 
directors or equivalent body;

--- Page 54 ---
46 
 
 
“Supplier SBT Condition” means that: 
(i) 
the Issuer complies with the applicable Reporting Requirements for each Observation Period by 
no later than each Notification Deadline in the relevant Reporting Year; and 
(ii) 
the Supplier SBT Percentage in respect of the Observation Period for any Reference Year, as 
shown in the relevant Sustainability-Linked Finance Progress Report, was equal to or greater 
than the Supplier SBT Percentage Threshold in respect of such Reference Year, 
and if the requirements of paragraphs (i) and/or (ii) above are not met in any Reporting Year (including, 
for the avoidance of doubt, any Reference Year) (by the relevant Notification Deadline), as applicable, 
the Issuer shall be deemed to have failed to satisfy the Supplier SBT Condition; 
“Supplier SBT Event” occurs if the Issuer fails to satisfy the Supplier SBT Condition; 
“Supplier SBT Percentage” means, in respect of any Observation Period, the percentage (rounded to 
the nearest whole number, with 0.5 rounded upwards) of the Group’s suppliers (measured by spend) that 
have set a science based carbon dioxide emissions target (or equivalent carbon dioxide emissions 
reduction commitment) as a proportion of all the suppliers of the Group as calculated by the Issuer, 
confirmed by the Assurance Provider and reported by the Issuer in the relevant Sustainability-Linked 
Finance Progress Report; 
“Supplier SBT Percentage Threshold” means the threshold (expressed as a percentage) specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being the Supplier SBT Percentage Threshold in respect of the relevant 
Reference Year(s), subject to increase as specified in a Threshold Increase Notice in accordance with 
Condition 18(d); 
“Sustainability-Linked Notes” means Step Up Notes and/or Premium Payment Notes; 
“Talon” means a talon for further Coupons; 
“TARGET2” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 19 November 2007; 
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the settlement of payments 
in euro; 
“Treaty” means the Treaty on the functioning of the European Union, as amended; and 
“Zero Coupon Note” means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders are not 
applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time of 
issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time 
of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
if the Notes are not Instalment Notes, references to Instalments, Receipts and Receiptholders 
are not applicable; 
(v) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any additional 
amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 13 (Taxation) or any 
undertakings given in addition to or in substitution for that Condition, any premium payable in 
respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature of principal payable pursuant to these 
Conditions; 
(vi) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of interest 
which may be payable under Condition 13 (Taxation) or any undertakings given in addition to 
or in substitution for that Condition and any other amount in the nature of interest payable 
pursuant to these Conditions;

--- Page 55 ---
47 
 
 
(vii) 
references to Notes being “outstanding” shall be construed in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement; and 
(viii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms give no such meaning or specifies that such 
expression is “not applicable” then such expression is not applicable to the Notes. 
3. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are in bearer form in the Specified Denomination(s) and the Specified Currency and, in the case of 
Instalment Notes (as defined below), with Receipts and, if interest-bearing, with Coupons and, if specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case of a Series of Notes with more than one 
Specified Denomination, Notes of one Specified Denomination will not be exchangeable for Notes of another 
Specified Denomination. Notes, the principal amount of which is repayable by instalments (“Instalments”, and 
such Notes shall be referred to in these Conditions as “Instalment Notes”), have attached thereto, at the time of 
their initial delivery, Receipts in respect of the Instalments. Title to the Notes, Receipts and Coupons will pass by 
delivery. References herein to the “Holders” of Notes, Receipts or Coupons are to the bearer of such Notes, 
Receipts or Coupons. The Holder of any Note, Receipt or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be 
treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of 
ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or any notice of any previous loss or theft 
thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating such Holder. 
4. 
Status 
The Notes and the Receipts and Coupons relating to them constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer which will at all times rank pari passu among themselves and at least 
pari passu with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, save for such 
obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general application. 
5. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any Note remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not, and the Issuer shall procure that none of its 
Subsidiaries will, create or permit to subsist any Security Interest upon the whole or any part of its present or 
future undertaking, assets or revenues (including uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness or 
Guarantee of Relevant Indebtedness without (a) at the same time or prior thereto securing the Notes equally and 
rateably therewith or (b) providing such other security for the Notes as may be approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of Noteholders. 
6. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 6 is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 12 (Payments). Each 
Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, 
payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to 
bear interest in accordance with this Condition 6 (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the 
earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on 
behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified 
the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except 
to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: Subject to any increase in the relevant Rate of Interest in accordance with the 
provisions of Condition 8 (Step Up Option), the amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for 
any Interest Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one 
Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified 
Denomination. 
(d) 
Regular Interest Periods: If all of the Interest Payment Dates fall at regular intervals between the Issue 
Date and the Maturity Date, then: 
(i) 
the Notes shall for the purposes of this Condition 6 be “Regular Interest Period Notes”; 
(ii) 
the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls shall for the 
purposes of this Condition 6 be a “Regular Date”; and

--- Page 56 ---
48 
 
 
(iii) 
each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next 
succeeding Regular Date shall for the purposes of this Condition 6 be a “Regular Period”. 
(e) 
Irregular first or last Interest Periods: If the Notes would be Regular Interest Period Notes but for the 
fact that either or both of: 
(i) 
the interval between the Issue Date and the first Interest Payment Date; and 
(ii) 
the interval between the Maturity Date and the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date, 
is longer or shorter than a Regular Period, then the Notes shall nevertheless be deemed to be Regular 
Interest Period Notes provided, however, that if the interval between the Maturity Date and the 
immediately preceding Interest Payment Date is longer or shorter than a Regular Period, the day and 
month on which the Maturity Date falls shall not be a Regular Date. 
(f) 
Irregular interest amount: If the Notes are Regular Interest Period Notes, the amount of interest payable 
in respect of each Note for any period which is not a Regular Period shall be calculated by applying the 
Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount of such Note, multiplying the product by the relevant Day 
Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a 
sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified 
Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a “sub-unit” means, in 
the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal 
tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
(g) 
Irregular Interest Periods: If the Notes are not Regular Interest Period Notes and interest is required to 
be calculated for any period other than an Interest Period, interest shall be calculated on such basis as is 
described in the relevant Final Terms. 
7. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7 is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of Interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 12 (Payments). Each 
Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, 
payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to 
bear interest in accordance with this Condition 7 (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the 
earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on 
behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified 
the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except 
to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Notes for each Interest Period will, subject to Condition 7(i) (Benchmark Discontinuation), be 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates which appear on the 
Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of time 
for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period; 
and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of 
time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period;

--- Page 57 ---
49 
 
 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for the period of time next shorter, or, as the 
case may be, next longer, than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation 
Agent shall calculate the Rate of Interest at such time and by reference to such sources as the 
Issuer, in consultation with an Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer, and such 
Independent Adviser acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert, 
determines appropriate; 
(iii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the Reference 
Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(iv) 
if, in the case of (i) or (ii) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (iii) 
above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen 
Page is unavailable: 
(A) 
the Issuer will request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each the 
Reference Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the 
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant 
Financial Centre interbank market in an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in that market at that time and shall provide any quotations received to the 
Calculation Agent; and 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(v) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates quoted provided to the Calculation Agent by the 
Issuer received from major banks in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency, 
selected by the Issuer, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre 
of the Specified Currency) on the first day of the relevant Interest Period for loans in the 
Specified Currency to leading European banks for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period 
and in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the 
case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is 
unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above 
provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such 
Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean 
last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the preceding Interest Period. 
(d) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each 
Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where “ISDA Rate” in relation 
to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation 
Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent 
for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions 
and under which: 
(i) 
If the Final Terms specify either “2006 ISDA Definitions” or “2021 ISDA Definitions” as the 
applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, has the 
meaning given to it in the relevant ISDA Definitions;  
(D) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates 
based on the relevant Floating Rate Option, where: 
(1) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of 
time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period; and

--- Page 58 ---
50 
 
 
(2) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period, 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter 
than the length of the relevant Interest Period or, as the case may be, next longer than 
the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation Agent shall calculate the 
Rate of Interest at such time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer, in 
consultation with an Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer, and such 
Independent Adviser acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as 
an expert, determines appropriate; 
(E) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions), Compounding is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms and: 
(1) 
if Compounding with Lookback is specified as the Compounding Method in 
the relevant Final Terms then (a) Compounding with Lookback is the 
Overnight Rate Compounding Method and (b) Lookback is the number of 
Applicable Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in 
the relevant Final Terms;  
(2) 
if Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Compounding 
with Observation Period Shift is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, 
(b) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift 
Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and (c) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are the days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; or 
(3) 
if Compounding with Lockout is specified as the Compounding Method in 
the relevant Final Terms then (a) Compounding with Lockout is the Overnight 
Rate Compounding Method, (b) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period 
Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and (c) Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are the days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(F) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions), Averaging is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms and:  
(1) 
if Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Averaging Method in the 
relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Lookback is the Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method and (b) Lookback is the number of Applicable Business 
Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
if Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as the Averaging 
Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Observation 
Period Shift is the Overnight Rate Averaging Method, (b) Observation Period 
Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined in 
the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms and (c) 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions), if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
or 
(3) 
if Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Averaging Method in the 
relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Lockout is the Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method, (b) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business 
Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and (c) Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are the days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(G) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option (as defined in 
the ISDA Definitions) and Index Provisions are specified to be applicable in the

--- Page 59 ---
51 
 
 
relevant Final Terms, the Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift 
(as defined in the ISDA Definitions) shall be applicable and, (a) Observation Period 
Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms and (b) Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
(ii) 
references in the ISDA Definitions to: 
(A) 
“Confirmation” shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
“Calculation Period” shall be references to the relevant Interest Period;  
(C) 
“Termination Date” shall be references to the Maturity Date;  
(D) 
“Effective Date” shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date; 
(iii) 
if the Final Terms specify “2021 ISDA Definitions” as being applicable: 
(A) 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event” shall be disapplied; and  
(B) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified Floating Rate 
Option is specified to be “Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Alternative Rate” in 
the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions the reference to “Calculation 
Agent Alternative Rate Determination” in the definition of “Temporary Non-
Publication Fallback – Alternative Rate” shall be replaced by “Temporary Non-
Publication Fallback – Previous Day's Rate”; and 
(iv) 
notwithstanding anything in the 2006 ISDA Definitions, the 2021 ISDA Definitions, the Agency 
Agreement or these Conditions, the Issuer agrees that the Calculation Agent (as defined herein) 
will have no obligation to exercise any discretion (including, but not limited to, determinations 
of alternative or substitute benchmarks, successor reference rates, screen pages, interest 
adjustment factors/fractions or spreads, market disruptions, benchmark amendment conforming 
changes or selection and polling of reference banks), and to the extent the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions, the 2021 ISDA Definitions and/or ISDA Determinations require, for a particular 
Series of Notes, the Calculation Agent to exercise any such discretions and/or make such 
determinations and/or take such actions, such references shall be construed as the Issuer (or its 
financial adviser or alternate agent appointed by the Issuer) exercising such discretions and/or 
determinations and/or actions and not the Calculation Agent. 
(e) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the 
maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(f) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount 
payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated by 
applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product 
by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified 
Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction 
equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this 
purpose a “sub-unit” means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means 
one cent. 
(g) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined by 
it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be determined 
by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Paying Agents and each competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted 
to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after such determination but (in the case of each 
Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of 
the relevant Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. The 
Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing 
provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If 
the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination, the Calculation Agent shall

--- Page 60 ---
52 
 
 
not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount 
and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
(h) 
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 7 by the Calculation 
Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, 
the Receiptholders and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will 
attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties 
and discretions for such purposes. 
(i) 
Benchmark Discontinuation: If the Issuer has determined that a Benchmark Event has occurred in 
relation to the Reference Rate when the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) for any Interest 
Period remains to be determined by reference to such Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall promptly 
notify the Calculation Agent and shall use its reasonable endeavours to select and appoint an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative 
Rate (in accordance with Condition 7(i)(i)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread (in accordance with 
Condition 7(i)(iii)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 7(i)(iv)). 
In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent or the Noteholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 
7(i) and the Fiscal Agent will not be liable for any loss, liability, cost, charge or expense which may arise 
as a result thereof. 
(i) 
If (A) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or (B) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 7(i) no later than 5 Business Days prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date (the “IA Determination Cut-off Date”), the Reference Rate applicable to 
the immediate following Interest Period shall be the Reference Rate applicable as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the 
Reference Rate shall be the Reference Rate applicable to the first Interest Period. For the 
avoidance of doubt, any adjustment pursuant to this Condition 7(i)(i) shall apply to the 
immediately following Interest Period only. Any subsequent Interest Period may be subject to 
the subsequent operation of this Condition 7(i). 
(ii) 
If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion and notifies to the Fiscal Agent prior to 
the IA Determination Cut-off Date that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 7(i)(iii)) subsequently be used in place of the Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest for the immediately following Interest Period and all 
following Interest Periods, subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 7(i) in 
the event of a further Benchmark Event affecting the Successor Rate; or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 7(i)(iii)) subsequently be 
used in place of the Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest for the 
immediately following Interest Period and all following Interest Periods, subject to the 
subsequent operation of this Condition 7(i) in the event of a further Benchmark Event 
affecting the Alternative Rate. 
(iii) 
The Independent Adviser shall determine in its discretion and notify to the Issuer and the Fiscal 
Agent prior to the IA Determination Cut-off Date an Adjustment Spread (which may be 
expressed as a specified quantum, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread), which shall apply to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be). 
(iv) 
If any relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 7(i) the Independent Adviser will determine in its discretion (i) 
that amendments to these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of such Benchmark 
Amendments. 
The Fiscal Agent shall, at the request and expense of the Issuer, effect such consequential 
amendments to the Agency Agreement and these Conditions as the Issuer determines in

--- Page 61 ---
53 
 
 
consultation with the Independent Adviser and certifies to the Fiscal Agent as may be required 
in order to give effect to this Condition 7(i)(iv) regardless of whether or not giving effect to such 
Benchmark Amendments would constitute a Reserved Matter (as defined in the Agency 
Agreement) or one or more provisions under Condition 18 (Meetings of Noteholders; 
Modification and Waiver) provided however, that no consent of the Noteholders shall be 
required in connection with effecting any Benchmark Amendments or such other changes, 
including the execution of any documents or other steps required to be taken by the Fiscal Agent 
in relation to such. 
(v) 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 7(i)(v) will be notified no later than 
the IA Determination Cut-off Date by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent and the Calculation Agent 
and promptly thereafter, in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date, which shall be no later than the 
IA Determination Cut-off Date, of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same in accordance with Condition 7(i)(v) above, 
the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of 
the Issuer confirming, in the Issuer’s reasonable opinion (following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser, if such adviser is appointed in accordance with this Condition 7(i)) (x) 
that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the relevant Successor Rate, or, as the case may be, 
the relevant Alternative Rate and, (z) the Adjustment Spread and/or the specific terms of any 
relevant Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined in accordance with the provisions 
of this Condition 7(i) and (ii) certifying that the relevant Benchmark Amendments are necessary 
to ensure the proper operation of such relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment spread. The Fiscal Agent shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without further 
enquiry and without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. 
(vi) 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad 
faith in the determination of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and such Adjustment 
Spread (if any) and such Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, Fiscal 
Agent, the Calculation Agent, the other Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
(vii) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 7(i), if in the Calculation Agent’s opinion 
there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making any 
determination or calculation under this Condition 7(i), the Calculation Agent shall promptly 
notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing as to which 
alternative course of action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with 
such direction, or is otherwise unable to make such calculation or determination for any reason 
it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make 
such calculation or determination and shall not incur any liability for not doing so, save as set 
out in the Agency Agreement in the case of its gross negligence, fraud or wilful default. 
(viii) 
As used in this Condition 7(i): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (x) a spread (which may be positive or negative or zero), 
or (y) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent 
Adviser determines is required to be applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an 
option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Reference Rate with 
the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(B) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate), the 
Independent Adviser, determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets 
transactions which reference the Reference Rate to produce an industry-accepted 
replacement rate for the Reference Rate; or 
(C) 
(if no such determination has been made) the Independent Adviser determines, is 
recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter 
derivative transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or

--- Page 62 ---
54 
 
 
(D) 
(if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged) the Independent Adviser determines to be appropriate to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement 
of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be). 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with this Condition 7(i) is customary in market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or 
the relevant component part thereof) in respect of debt securities denominated in the Specified 
Currency and of a comparable duration. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(i)(iv). 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(A) 
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as 
a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(B) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed that will 
continue publication of such Reference Rate) it has ceased publishing such Reference 
Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do so by a specified future date 
(the “Specified Future Date”); or 
(C) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that such Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified future date (the “Specified 
Future Date”), be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(D) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that means that such Reference Rate will, by a specified future date (the “Specified 
Future Date”), be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to 
restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of the Notes; or 
(E) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
(as applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor, such Reference Rate is or will, by 
a specified future date (the “Specified Future Date”), be no longer representative of 
an underlying market; or 
(F) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become unlawful for 
the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or any other party to calculate any payments due to 
be made to any Noteholder using the relevant Reference Rate (as applicable) 
(including, without limitation, under Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011, if applicable), 
in each case, as determined by the Issuer or, in the case of sub-paragraph (F) above, the relevant 
party. Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a 
public statement within sub-paragraphs (B), (C), (D) or (E) above and the Specified Future Date 
in the public statement is more than six months after the date of that public statement, the 
Benchmark Event shall not be deemed to occur until the date falling six months prior to such 
Specified Future Date. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
other independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in each case 
selected and appointed by the Issuer at its own expense under Condition 7(i). 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(G) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(H) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as

--- Page 63 ---
55 
 
 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
8. 
Step Up Option 
This Condition 8 (Step Up Option) applies to Sustainability-Linked Notes in respect of which the applicable Final 
Terms indicates that the Step Up Option is applicable (“Step Up Notes”). 
The Rate of Interest for Step Up Notes will be the Rate of Interest specified in, or determined in the manner 
specified in Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions), in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, or Condition 7 (Floating 
Rate Note Provisions), in the case of Floating Rate Notes, and in the applicable Final Terms, provided that if a 
Step Up Event has occurred, then for the calculation of the Interest Amount with respect to any Interest Period 
commencing on or after the Interest Payment Date following the Notification Deadline in respect of the Reference 
Year, the then prevailing Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the then prevailing Margin (in the 
case of Floating Rate Notes) shall be increased by the relevant Step Up Margin (such increase, a “Step Up”). 
For the avoidance of doubt, a Step Up may only occur once in respect of multiple Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Events 
and/or only occur once in respect of multiple Supplier SBT Events, as applicable. However, if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, a Series of Notes may have a Step Up in respect of Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Events and an 
additional Step Up in respect of Supplier SBT Events. 
The Issuer will cause the occurrence of a Step Up Event and the related increase in the then prevailing Rate of 
Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the then prevailing Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) to be 
notified to the Fiscal Agent, and, in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices), the Noteholders as soon as reasonably 
practicable after such occurrence and in no event later than the relevant Notification Deadline in respect of the 
Notes.  
The Fiscal Agent shall not be obliged to monitor or inquire as to whether a Step Up Event has occurred or have 
any liability in respect thereof and the Fiscal Agent shall be entitled to rely absolutely on any notice given to it by 
the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 8 (Step Up Option) without further enquiry or liability. 
In this Condition 8 (Step Up Option): 
“Step Up Event” means the occurrence of one or more of a Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event and/or a Supplier 
SBT Event specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Step Up Margin” means the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the Step Up Margin 
applicable to the relevant Step Up Event specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
9. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 9 is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero Coupon Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon 
Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to 
the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue Date to (but 
excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note 
up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is 
seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due 
in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent 
default in payment). 
10. 
Premium Payment 
This Condition 10 (Premium Payment) applies to Sustainability-Linked Notes in respect of which the applicable 
Final Terms indicates that the Premium Payment Condition is applicable (“Premium Payment Notes”).

--- Page 64 ---
56 
 
 
If a Premium Payment Trigger Event has occurred, the Issuer shall, in addition to and without prejudice to any 
other amount payable, if any, on such Premium Payment Date pursuant to these Conditions and the applicable 
Final Terms, pay in respect of the relevant Premium Payment Notes an amount equal to the relevant Premium 
Payment Amount on the relevant Premium Payment Date. 
The Issuer will cause the occurrence of a Premium Payment Trigger Event to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, and, 
in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices), the Noteholders as soon as reasonably practicable after such 
occurrence and in no event later than the relevant Notification Deadline.  
The Fiscal Agent shall not be obliged to monitor or inquire as to whether a Premium Payment Trigger Event has 
occurred or have any liability in respect thereof and the Fiscal Agent shall be entitled to rely absolutely on any 
notice given to it by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 10 (Premium Payment) without further enquiry or 
liability. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a Premium Payment Amount may be payable only once in respect of multiple Scope 
1 and 2 Emissions Events and/or be payable only once in respect of multiple Supplier SBT Events, as applicable. 
However, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, a Premium Payment Amount may be become payable for a 
Series of Notes in respect of Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Events and an additional Premium Payment Amount may 
be become payable for the same Series of Notes in respect of Supplier SBT Events. 
In this Condition 10 (Premium Payment): 
“Premium Payment Amount” means the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the Premium 
Payment Amount applicable to the relevant Premium Payment Trigger Event specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
“Premium Payment Date” means, as specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
if “Redemption” is specified, the Redemption Date of the relevant Notes; or 
(b) 
any other date as specified in the relevant Final Terms (in which case the Premium Payment Amount will 
be payable upon such date, or upon any earlier Redemption Date of the relevant Notes); 
“Premium Payment Trigger Event” means the occurrence of one or more of a Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event 
and/or a Supplier SBT Event specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms; and 
“Redemption Date” means, in respect of any Notes, the relevant Maturity Date or any earlier date of redemption 
of the relevant Notes. 
11. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be 
redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date or, in the case of Instalment Notes, in 
such number of Instalments and in such amounts as specified and determined in accordance with the 
provisions set out in the Final Terms, subject as provided in Condition 12 (Payments). 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in 
part: 
(i) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are not specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
20 (Notices), or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (which notice shall 
be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued (if any) to the 
date fixed for redemption and any unpaid Premium Payment Amount(s) in the event one or more 
Premium Payment Trigger Events have occurred prior to the date set for redemption, if: 
(A) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred 
to in Condition 13 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws 
or regulations of the Republic of Finland or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a holding by a court of competent

--- Page 65 ---
57 
 
 
jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date of 
issue of the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available 
to it, provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(1) 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days (or such other period 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) prior to the earliest date on 
which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a 
payment in respect of the Notes were then due; or 
(2) 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days 
(or such other period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) prior to 
the Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date on 
which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a 
payment in respect of the Notes were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall deliver to 
the Fiscal Agent (A) a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to 
effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the 
right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred of and (B) an opinion of independent legal advisers of 
recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts 
as a result of such change or amendment. Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this 
Condition 11(b), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 11(b). 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) on the Issuer’s giving not less than 
30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices), or such 
other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (which notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes specified in such notice on 
the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the applicable amount specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (together, if appropriate, with accrued interest to (but excluding) the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Call)) at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call). 
(d) 
Make Whole Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: If the Make Whole Redemption is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, at any time or, if a Par Option Commencement Date is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, at any time prior to the Par Option Commencement Date (as defined in 
Condition 11(e) (Optional Redemption at Par)), the Issuer may, at its option, on giving not less than 30 
nor more than 60 days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) 
of the date set for redemption (a “Make Whole Redemption Date”), redeem the Notes in whole, or in 
part, at the Make Whole Redemption Price. 
The “Make Whole Redemption Price” will, in respect of Notes to be redeemed, be: 
(i) 
if “Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount” is specified as being applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms an amount equal to the higher of (i) 100 per cent of the principal amount of such 
Notes plus any relevant Premium Payment Amount(s) and (ii) the principal amount of such 
Notes multiplied by the price (expressed as a percentage), as reported in writing to the Issuer by 
the Determination Agent (if applicable), at which the Gross Redemption Yield on such Notes 
on the Reference Date is equal to the Gross Redemption Yield (as determined by reference to 
the middle market price) at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date of the Reference Bond, 
plus the Redemption Margin, as determined by the Determination Agent, plus any relevant 
Premium Payment Amount(s); or 
(ii) 
if “Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount” is specified in the relevant Final Terms an 
amount equal to the higher of (i) 100 per cent of the principal amount of such Notes plus any 
relevant Premium Payment Amount(s) and (ii) the principal amount of such Notes multiplied 
by the price (expressed as a percentage), as reported in writing to the Issuer by the Determination 
Agent (if applicable), at which the yield to maturity (or, if applicable, the Par Option 
Commencement Date) on such Notes on the Reference Date is equal to the Reference Bond 
Rate at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date, plus the Redemption Margin, as determined 
by the Determination Agent, plus any relevant Premium Payment Amount(s). 
In respect of any Sustainability-Linked Notes:

--- Page 66 ---
58 
 
 
(I) 
if the Make-Whole Redemption Date falls prior to the Notification Deadline in respect of any 
Reference Year and: 
(A) 
the Issuer’s most recently available Sustainability-Linked Finance Progress Report and 
Assurance Report for a Reporting Year shows that the Issuer has achieved or 
outperformed the Intermediate Target in respect of such Reporting Year in respect of 
relevant the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Condition or the Supplier SBT Condition (as 
applicable), then no Step Up Margin or Premium Payment Amount shall be applied in 
the calculation of the Make Whole Redemption Price; or 
(B) 
the Issuer's most recently available Sustainability-Linked Finance Progress Report and 
Assurance Report for a Reporting Year shows that the Issuer has not achieved the 
Intermediate Target in respect of such Reporting Year in respect of the relevant Scope 
1 and 2 Emissions Condition or the Supplier SBT Condition (as applicable), or does 
not contain the information necessary to ascertain whether the Issuer has achieved the 
Intermediate Target for such Reporting Year or not in respect of the relevant Scope 1 
and 2 Emissions Condition or the Supplier SBT Condition (as applicable), then (in the 
case of Step Up Notes) a Step Up Margin shall be applied from the period commencing 
on the Interest Payment Date first following the Notification Deadline for the relevant 
Reference Year in the calculation of the Make Whole Redemption Price or (in the case 
of Premium Payment Notes) a Premium Payment Amount shall be applied in the 
calculation of the Make Whole Redemption Price. 
(II) 
if the Make-Whole Redemption Date falls on or after the Notification Deadline in respect of any 
Reference Year and: 
(A) 
the relevant Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event or Supplier SBT Event (as applicable) has 
not occurred, then no Step Up Margin or Premium Payment Amount shall be applied 
in the calculation of the Make Whole Redemption Price; or 
(B) 
the relevant Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event or Supplier SBT Event (as applicable) has 
occurred, then (in the case of Step Up Notes) a Step Up Margin shall be applied from 
the period commencing on the Interest Payment Date first following the Notification 
Deadline for the relevant Reference Year in the calculation of the Make Whole 
Redemption Price or (in the case of Premium Payment Notes) a Premium Payment 
Amount shall be applied in the calculation of the Make Whole Redemption Price. 
(e) 
Optional Redemption at Par: If a Par Option Commencement Date is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Issuer may, at any time, on or after the specified Par Option Commencement Date, on giving 
not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 20 (Notices) (which notice shall specify the date fixed for redemption (the “Par Optional 
Redemption Date”)), redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at their Early Redemption Amount (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) (together, if appropriate, with accrued interest to (but excluding) 
the Par Optional Redemption Date and any unpaid Premium Payment Amount(s) in the event one or 
more Premium Payment Trigger Events have occurred prior to the date set for redemption). 
(f) 
Partial redemption: If Redeemable in Part is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, and the 
Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with Condition 11(c) (Redemption at 
the option of the Issuer), Condition 11(d) (Make Whole Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) or 
Condition 11(e) (Optional Redemption at Par) the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by the drawing 
of lots in such place as the Issuer approves and in such manner as the Issuer considers appropriate, subject 
to compliance with applicable law and the rules of each competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation, 
and the notice to Noteholders referred to in Condition 11(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), 
Condition 11(d) (Make Whole Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) or Condition 11(e) (Optional 
Redemption at Par) shall specify the serial numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed. If in respect of a 
partial redemption in accordance with Condition 11(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), any 
Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the maximum or 
be less than the minimum so specified. 
(g) 
Clean-up Call Option: In the event that at least 80 per cent of the aggregate principal amount of a Series 
of Notes (which, for the avoidance of doubt, includes any additional Notes issued pursuant to Condition 
19 (Further Issues)) have been redeemed or purchased (other than as a result of the Issuer having

--- Page 67 ---
59 
 
 
exercised a partial call of the Notes pursuant to this Condition 11 at a redemption price for the Notes 
higher than their Early Redemption Amount), the Issuer may, at any time prior to maturity (or, if 
applicable, the Par Option Commencement Date), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ 
irrevocable notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices), redeem all (but not less 
than all) of the remaining Notes of that Series at their Early Redemption Amount (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) (together, if appropriate, with accrued interest to (but excluding) the date of such 
redemption and any unpaid Premium Payment Amount(s) in the event one or more Premium Payment 
Trigger Events have occurred prior to the date set for redemption). 
(h) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder of any Note redeem, such Note on the 
Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional 
Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such date and any unpaid Premium 
Payment Amount(s) in the event one or more Premium Payment Trigger Events have occurred prior to 
the date set for redemption. In order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 11(h), the Holder 
of a Note must, not less than 30 nor more than 60 days before the relevant Optional Redemption Date 
(Put) (or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms), deposit with any Paying 
Agent such Note together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons relating thereto and a duly completed 
Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent. The Paying Agent with which a Note 
is so deposited shall deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the depositing Noteholder. No Note, 
once deposited with a duly completed Put Option Notice in accordance with this Condition 11(h), may 
be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any such 
Note becomes immediately due and payable or, upon due presentation of any such Note on the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, 
the relevant Paying Agent shall mail notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as 
may have been given by such Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note at 
its specified office for collection by the depositing Noteholder against surrender of the relevant Put 
Option Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Note is held by a Paying Agent in accordance with this 
Condition 11(h), the depositor of such Note and not such Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the Holder 
of such Note for all purposes. 
(i) 
Change of Control Put Option: If the Change of Control Put Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, if at any time while any Note remains outstanding, either of the following 
events shall occur (each, as applicable, a “Change of Control Put Event”): 
(i) 
a Change of Control occurs and, if at the start of the Change of Control Period, the Issuer is 
rated by any Rating Agency, a Rating Downgrade in respect of that Change of Control occurs 
within such Change of Control Period; or 
(ii) 
a Change of Control occurs and, on the occurrence of the Change of Control, the Issuer is not 
rated by any Rating Agency, 
then the Holder of each Note will have the option (the “Change of Control Put Option”) (unless, prior 
to the giving of the Change of Control Put Event Notice (as defined below), the Issuer gives notice of its 
intention to redeem the Notes under Condition 11(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 11(c) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 11(d) (Make Whole Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer) or Condition 11(e) (Optional Redemption at Par)) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the 
Issuer’s option, to purchase or procure the purchase of that Note on the Optional Redemption Date 
(Change of Control Put), at its principal amount, or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, together with (or, where purchased, together with an amount equal to) accrued interest up 
to but excluding the Optional Redemption Date (Change of Control Put) and any unpaid Premium 
Payment Amount(s) in the event one or more Premium Payment Trigger Events have occurred prior to 
the date set for redemption. 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Change of Control Put Event has occurred, the Issuer 
shall give notice (a “Change of Control Put Event Notice”) to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 20 (Notices) specifying the nature of the Change of Control Put Event and the circumstances 
giving rise to it and the procedure for exercising the Change of Control Put Option contained in this 
Condition. 
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option, the Noteholder must deposit any applicable Note, together 
with each unmatured Coupon relating thereto (if any), to the account of any Paying Agent for the account 
of the Issuer within the period (the “Put Period”) of 45 days after the day on which the Change of Control 
Put Event Notice is given, together with a duly signed and completed Put Option Notice in the form (for

--- Page 68 ---
60 
 
 
the time being current and substantially in the form set out in the Agency Agreement) obtainable from 
the specified office of any Paying Agent. The Paying Agent to whom a Note has been so deposited shall 
deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the depositing Noteholder. 
Subject to the deposit of any such Notes to the account of a Paying Agent for the account of the Issuer 
as described above, the Issuer shall redeem, purchase or procure the purchase of the Notes in respect of 
which the Change of Control Put Option has been validly exercised as provided above on the Optional 
Redemption Date (Change of Control Put). No Note, once so deposited with a duly completed Put Option 
Notice, may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date 
(Change of Control Put), any such Note becomes immediately due and payable or, upon due presentation 
of any such Note on or prior to the end of the Put Period, payment of the redemption moneys is improperly 
withheld or refused on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Change of Control Put), the relevant 
Paying Agent shall mail notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as may have 
been given by such Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note at its Specified 
Office for collection by the depositing Noteholder against surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt. 
For so long as any outstanding Note is held by a Paying Agent in accordance with this Condition, the 
depositor of such Note and not such Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the holder of the Note for all 
purposes. 
For the purposes of this Condition 11(i): 
“Change of Control” shall be deemed to have occurred at each time (whether or not approved by the 
Board of Directors of the Issuer) that any person or persons acting in concert or any person or persons 
acting on behalf of any such person(s) (the “Relevant Person(s)”), at any time directly or indirectly 
come(s) to own or acquire(s) (A) more than 50 per cent of the issued ordinary share capital of the Issuer; 
or (B) such number of the shares in the capital of the Issuer as carries more than 50 per cent of the voting 
rights normally exercisable at a general meeting of the Issuer; 
“Change of Control Period” means the period (i) commencing on the date that is the earlier of (A) the 
date of the first public announcement of the relevant Change of Control and (B) the date of the earliest 
Potential Change of Control Announcement (as defined below), if any, and (ii) ending on the date which 
is the 120th day after the date of the first public announcement of the relevant Change of Control (such 
120th day, the “Initial Longstop Date”); provided that, unless any other Rating Agency has on or prior 
to the Initial Longstop Date effected a Rating Downgrade in respect of its rating of the Issuer, if a Rating 
Agency publicly announces, at any time during the period commencing on the date which is 60 days 
prior to the Initial Longstop Date and ending on the Initial Longstop Date, that it has placed its rating of 
the Issuer under consideration for rating review either entirely or partially as a result of the relevant public 
announcement of the Change of Control or Potential Change of Control Announcement, the Change of 
Control Period shall be extended to the date which falls 90 days after the date of such public 
announcement by such Rating Agency; 
“Rating Agency” means Moody’s Investors Service Nordics AB or S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
or any other rating agency of equivalent international standing specified from time to time by the Issuer, 
and, in each case, their respective successors or affiliates; 
a “Rating Downgrade” shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control if, within 
the Change of Control Period, the rating previously assigned to the Issuer by any Rating Agency is (i) 
withdrawn or (ii) changed from an investment grade rating (Baa3 or BBB-, or its equivalent for the time 
being, or better) to a non-investment grade rating (Ba1 or BB+, or its equivalent for the time being, or 
worse) or (iii) if such rating previously assigned to the Issuer by any Rating Agency was below an 
investment grade rating (as described above), lowered by at least one full rating notch (for example, from 
Ba1 to Ba2 or BB+ to BB or their respective equivalents); and 
“Potential Change of Control Announcement” means any public announcement or statement by the 
Issuer, any actual or potential bidder or any designated advisor thereto relating to any specific and near-
term potential Change of Control (where “near-term” shall mean that such potential Change of Control 
is reasonably likely to occur, or is publicly stated by the Issuer, any such actual or potential bidder or any 
such designated advisor to be intended to occur, within 120 days of the date of such announcement or 
statement). 
(j) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as provided in 
paragraphs (a) to (f) above.

--- Page 69 ---
61 
 
 
(k) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity Date 
shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the 
case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the calculation 
in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as 
may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 11(k) or, if none is so specified, a 
Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(l) 
Purchase: The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or 
otherwise and at any price and such Notes may be held, resold or, at the option of the purchaser, 
surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation (provided that, if the Notes are to be cancelled, they 
are purchased together with all unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons relating to 
them). 
(m) 
Cancellation: All Notes redeemed and any unmatured Coupons or Receipts or unexchanged Talons 
attached to or surrendered with them shall be cancelled and all Notes so cancelled and any Notes 
cancelled pursuant to Condition 11(l) (Purchase) above (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
Receipts and unexchanged Talons cancelled with them) may not be reissued or resold. 
12. 
Payments 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against (i) presentation and (in the case of final 
redemption, provided that payment is made in full) surrender of Notes and (ii) in respect of any Instalment 
which becomes due in accordance with the relevant Final Terms, presentation and (provided that payment 
is made in full) surrender of the relevant Receipts, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on, or by transfer to an 
account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may 
be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of 
that currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London). 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to paragraph (h) below, be made only against presentation 
and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons at the specified office 
of any Paying Agent outside the United States in the manner described in paragraph (a) above. 
(c) 
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the specified office of a 
Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make payment of the full amount 
of the interest on the Notes in the currency in which the payment is due when due, (ii) payment of the 
full amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying Agents is illegal or effectively precluded by 
exchange controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) payment is permitted by applicable United States 
law. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to (i) without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 13 (Taxation), any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations 
in the place of payment and (ii) notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 13 (Taxation), any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations 
thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commissions or expenses 
shall be charged to the Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are applicable and a Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of principal 
due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons will be deducted 
from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that if the gross amount 
available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted

--- Page 70 ---
62 
 
 
will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such missing Coupons which the gross 
amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal due for 
payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of maturity) as 
will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such missing Coupons (the 
“Relevant Coupons”) being equal to the amount of principal due for payment; 
provided, however, that where this sub-paragraph would otherwise require a fraction 
of a missing Coupon to become void, such missing Coupon shall become void in its 
entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the amount 
of principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of principal due for 
payment; provided, however, that, if the gross amount available for payment is less 
than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion 
of the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount 
of principal due for payment) which the gross amount actually available for payment 
bears to the amount of principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above against 
presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the relevant missing Coupons. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specify that this Condition 12(f) is applicable or 
that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date for final redemption of any Note 
or early redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 11(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 
11(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 11 (d) (Make Whole Redemption at the Option 
of the Issuer), Condition 11(e) (Optional Redemption at Par), Condition 11(f) (Redemption at the option 
of Noteholders), Condition 11(g) (Clean-up Call Option) or Condition 14 (Events of Default), all 
unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still attached) shall become void and no payment 
will be made in respect thereof. 
(g) 
Unmatured Receipts Void: On the due date for final redemption of any Instalment Note pursuant to 
Condition 11 (a) (Scheduled redemption) or early redemption of such Instalment Note pursuant to 
Condition 11(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 11(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), 
Condition 11(d) (Make Whole Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), Condition 11(e) (Optional 
Redemption at Par), Condition 11(f) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders), Condition 11(g) (Clean-
up Call Option) or Condition 14 (Events of Default), all unmatured Receipts relating thereto (whether or 
not still attached) shall become void and no payment will be made in respect thereof. 
(h) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Receipt 
or Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the Holder shall not be entitled to 
payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such place 
and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
(i) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in respect of 
matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Notes at the specified office of 
any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if permitted by paragraph (c) above). 
(j) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon 
presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating the amount 
and date of such payment. 
(k) 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time of 
issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Notes, the Talon forming part of such Coupon Sheet may 
be exchanged at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent for a further Coupon Sheet (including, if 
appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have already become 
void pursuant to Condition 15 (Prescription)). Upon the due date for redemption of any Note, any 
unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon will be delivered in respect 
of such Talon.

--- Page 71 ---
63 
 
 
13. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons 
by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or 
on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatsoever 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by the Republic of Finland or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction 
is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will result in the receipt 
by the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders of such amounts as would have been 
received by them if no such withholding or deduction had been required, except that no such additional 
amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon presented for payment: 
(i) 
in the Republic of Finland; or 
(ii) 
by a Holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect 
of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by reason of its having some connection with the Republic of 
Finland other than the mere holding of such Note, Receipt or Coupon; or 
(iii) 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the relevant Holder would 
have been entitled to such additional amounts if it had presented such Note, Receipt or Coupon 
on the last day of such period of 30 days; or 
(iv) 
by a Holder which is liable any such withholding or deduction imposed or required pursuant to 
an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations 
thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the 
Republic of Finland, references in these Conditions to the Republic of Finland shall be construed as 
references to the Republic of Finland and/or such other jurisdiction. 
14. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each an “Event of Default”) occurs and is continuing: 
(a) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal or interest in respect of the Notes or any 
Premium Payment Amount(s) on the due date for payment thereof and such failure continues for a period 
of at least seven days in the case of principal or at least fifteen days in the case of interest; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any of its other 
obligations under or in respect of the Notes or the Agency Agreement which is material in the context of 
the Notes and such default remains unremedied for 30 days after written notice thereof, addressed to the 
Issuer by any Noteholder specifying such default or breach and requiring it to be remedied, has been 
delivered to the Issuer or to the specified office of the Fiscal Agent. For the avoidance of doubt, failure 
to comply with the Reporting Requirements or to redetermine the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Baseline 
following the occurrence of a Baseline Redetermination Event, the occurrence of a Scope 1 and 2 
Emissions Event or the occurrence of a Supplier SBT Event will not of itself constitute an Event of 
Default hereunder; or 
(c) 
Cross-default of Issuer or Material Subsidiary: 
(i) 
any Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries is not paid when due or (as the 
case may be) within any applicable grace period; 
(ii) 
any such Indebtedness becomes due and payable prior to its stated maturity otherwise than at 
the option of the Issuer or (as the case may be) the relevant Material Subsidiary or (provided 
that no event of default, howsoever described, has occurred) any Person entitled to such 
Indebtedness; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries fails to pay when due or (as the case may be) within 
any applicable grace period any amount payable by it under any Guarantee of any Indebtedness; 
provided that (A) the amount of Indebtedness referred to in sub-paragraph (i) and/or sub-paragraph (ii) 
above and/or the amount payable under any Guarantee referred to in sub-paragraph (iii) above 
individually or in the aggregate exceeds €50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or

--- Page 72 ---
64 
 
 
currencies) and (B) the non-payment is not due to the Issuer or the relevant Material Subsidiary contesting 
in good faith the fact that such indebtedness has become so repayable or has not been repaid; or 
(d) 
Unsatisfied judgment: one or more judgment(s) or order(s) for the payment of an aggregate amount in 
excess of €50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies) is rendered against the Issuer 
or any of its Material Subsidiaries and continue(s) unsatisfied and unstayed for a period of 30 days after 
the date(s) thereof or, if later, the date therein specified for payment; or 
(e) 
Security enforced: a secured party takes possession, or a receiver, manager or other similar officer is 
appointed, of the whole or any substantial part of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer or 
any of its Material Subsidiaries, except for any enforcement which is being contested in good faith and 
is dismissed within 45 days; or 
(f) 
Insolvency etc: (i) the Issuer, or any of its Material Subsidiaries becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its 
debts as they fall due, (ii) an administrator or liquidator of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries 
or the whole or any part of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries is appointed (or application for any such appointment is made), (iii) the Issuer or any of its 
Material Subsidiaries takes any action for a readjustment or deferment of any of its obligations or makes 
a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors or declares 
a moratorium in respect of any of its Indebtedness or any Guarantee of any Indebtedness given by it or 
(iv) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries ceases to carry on all or substantially all of its business 
(otherwise than, in the case of a Material Subsidiary of the Issuer, for the purposes of or pursuant to an 
amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent); or 
(g) 
Winding up etc: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up, liquidation or 
dissolution of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries (otherwise than, in the case of a Material 
Subsidiary of the Issuer, for the purposes of or pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation or 
restructuring whilst solvent); or 
(h) 
Analogous event: any event occurs which under the laws of the Republic of Finland has an analogous 
effect to any of the events referred to in paragraphs (d) to (g) above; or 
(i) 
Failure to take action etc: any action, condition or thing at any time required to be taken, fulfilled or 
done in order (i) to enable the Issuer lawfully to enter into, exercise its rights and perform and comply 
with its obligations under and in respect of the Notes, (ii) to ensure that those obligations are legal, valid, 
binding and enforceable and (iii) to make the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons admissible in evidence 
in the courts of the Republic of Finland is not taken, fulfilled or done; or 
(j) 
Unlawfulness: it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any of its obligations 
under or in respect of the Notes. 
then any Note may, by written notice addressed by the Holder thereof to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or 
to the specified office of the Fiscal Agent, be declared immediately due and payable, whereupon it shall become 
immediately due and payable, without further action or formality, at its Early Termination Amount together with 
accrued interest (if any) and any unpaid Premium Payment Amount(s) in the event one or more Premium Payment 
Trigger Events have occurred. 
15. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal shall become void unless the relevant Notes (and, in the case of any Instalment which became 
due, the relevant Receipts) are presented for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims 
for interest shall become void unless the relevant Coupons are presented for payment within five years of the 
appropriate Relevant Date. 
16. 
Replacement of Notes, Receipts and Coupons 
If any Note, Receipt or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent (and, if the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent in any 
particular place, the Paying Agent having its specified office in the place required by such competent authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and competent authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with 
such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably 
require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Receipts or Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued.

--- Page 73 ---
65 
 
 
17. 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons, the Paying 
Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or 
trust for or with any of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders. 
The initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are listed below. If any additional Paying Agents are 
appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the 
relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying 
Agent and to appoint a successor fiscal agent or Calculation Agent and additional or successor paying agents; 
provided, however, that: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent; and 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all times maintain a 
Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent in any 
particular place, the Issuer shall maintain a Paying Agent having its specified office in the place required 
by the rules of such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agents or the Calculation Agent or in their specified offices shall 
promptly be given to the Noteholders. 
18. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of 
Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the modification of any provision of 
these Conditions. Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. 
Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by the Issuer upon the request in 
writing of Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Notes. The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be 
one or more Persons holding or representing more than one half of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, one or more Persons being or representing Noteholders 
whatever the principal amount of the Notes held or represented; provided, however, that Reserved 
Matters may only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at 
which one or more Persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds or, at any adjourned meeting, 
one-quarter of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes form a quorum. Any 
Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders, 
Receiptholders and Couponholders, whether present or not. 
(b) 
Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent: In addition, a resolution in writing signed, or electronic 
consent given, by or on behalf of Noteholders holding not less than two-thirds of the aggregate principal 
amount of the outstanding Notes who for the time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of 
Noteholders will take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may 
be contained in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one 
or more Noteholders. 
(c) 
Modification: The Notes and these Conditions may be amended without the consent of the Noteholders, 
Receiptholders or Couponholders to correct a manifest error. In addition, the parties to the Agency 
Agreement may agree to modify any provision thereof, but the Issuer shall not agree, without the consent 
of the Noteholders, to any such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, it is made 
to correct a manifest error or it is, in the opinion of the Issuer, not materially prejudicial to the interests 
of the Noteholders. 
(d) 
Threshold Increases: Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, the Issuer shall have the 
right, in its absolute discretion, and without obligation, at any time to increase the Scope 1 and 2 
Emissions Percentage Threshold and/or the Supplier SBT Percentage Threshold with respect to the 
Notes. Notice of any such increase shall be given promptly by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent and the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) (a “Threshold Increase Notice”). Any 
Threshold Increase Notice shall be unconditional and irrevocable (subject only to any subsequent 
Threshold Increase Notice further increasing the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage Threshold and/or 
the Supplier SBT Percentage Threshold, if applicable) and shall specify the date on which any such 
increase is effective (the “Threshold Increase Effective Date”), which for the avoidance of doubt may

--- Page 74 ---
66 
 
 
be the date of the Threshold Increase Notice or such other date as may be specified. On the relevant 
Threshold Increase Effective Date, the increase of the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage Threshold 
and/or the Supplier SBT Percentage Threshold, as applicable, will be effective and binding on the Issuer, 
the Fiscal Agent, the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders and the consent of the 
Fiscal Agent, the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders shall not be required.  
(e) 
SLB Amendments: Furthermore, and without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 18(d) (Threshold 
Increases) above, the Issuer shall have the right, in its absolute discretion, and without obligation, at any 
time, subject to the provisions of this Condition 18(e), to amend these Conditions and the applicable 
Final Terms to reflect any changes to the Issuer’s sustainability strategy which occur after the Issue Date 
of such Notes provided that such amendments are made to include additional events that may trigger the 
occurrence of a Step Up Event and/or the payment of a Premium Payment Amount (including any 
consequential amendments) to the definitions applicable to Condition 8 (Step Up Option) and/or 
Condition 10 (Premium Payment) (the “SLB Amendments”) and provided that such SLB Amendments 
are not, in the opinion of the Issuer, in each case materially prejudicial to the interests of Noteholders. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the increase of the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage Threshold and/or the 
Supplier SBT Percentage Threshold pursuant to Condition 18(d) (Threshold Increases) above will not 
constitute SLB Amendments. Notice of any SLB Amendment shall be given promptly by the Issuer to 
the Fiscal Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices). 
No consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders shall be required in connection with 
effecting any SLB Amendment as described in this Condition 18(e). Any SLB Amendment shall be 
binding on the Fiscal Agent, the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders. 
No consent of the Fiscal Agent, Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders shall be required in 
connection with effecting any Baseline Redetermination Event as described in these Conditions. The 
effects of any Baseline Redetermination Event shall be binding on the Fiscal Agent, the Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders and the Couponholders. 
19. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the 
Couponholders, create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects 
(or in all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes. 
20. 
Notices 
Notices to the Noteholders shall be valid if published in a leading English language daily newspaper published in 
the United Kingdom (which is expected to be the Financial Times) and, if the Notes are listed on the official list 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, in a leading newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be 
Luxemburger Wort) or published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or in either 
case, if such publication is not practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having general 
circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of first publication (or if 
required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have been made 
in all the required newspapers). Receiptholders and Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice 
of the contents of any notice given to the Noteholders. 
21. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions, (a) all percentages resulting from such 
calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 
0.000005 per cent being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting 
from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all Japanese 
Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the next lower whole 
Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such 
calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded 
upwards. 
22. 
Third Party Rights 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contracts (Rights of Third 
Parties) Act 1999.

--- Page 75 ---
67 
 
 
23. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes are governed by English law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: The Issuer agrees for the benefit of the Noteholders, Couponholders and Receiptholders 
that the courts of England shall have jurisdiction to hear and determine any suit, action or proceedings, 
and to settle any disputes, which may arise out of or in connection with the Notes (including a dispute 
relating to the existence, validity or termination of the Notes or any non- contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with the Notes) (respectively, “Proceedings” and “Disputes”) and, for such 
purposes, irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of such courts. 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: The Issuer irrevocably waives any objection which it might now or hereafter have to 
the courts of England being nominated as the forum to hear and determine any Proceedings and to settle 
any Disputes, and agrees not to claim that any such court is not a convenient or appropriate forum. 
(d) 
Process agent: The Issuer agrees that the process by which any Proceedings in England are begun may 
be served on it by being delivered to Metso Outotec UK Limited at Lumonics House, Valley Drive, Swift 
Valley Industrial Estate, Rugby, CV21 1TQ, United Kingdom or, if different, its registered office for the 
time being or at any address of the Issuer in Great Britain at which process may be served on it in 
accordance with the Companies Act 2006. If such Person is not or ceases to be effectively appointed to 
accept service of process on the Issuer’s behalf, the Issuer shall, on the written demand of any Noteholder 
addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the specified office of the Fiscal Agent, appoint 
a further Person in England to accept service of process on its behalf and, failing such appointment within 
15 days, any Noteholder shall be entitled to appoint such a Person by written notice addressed to the 
Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the specified office of the Fiscal Agent. Nothing in this paragraph 
shall affect the right of any Noteholder to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
(e) 
Non-exclusivity: The submission to the jurisdiction of the courts of England shall not (and shall not be 
construed so as to) limit the right of any Noteholder, Couponholder or Receiptholder to take Proceedings 
in any other court of competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in any one or more 
jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not) if 
and to the extent permitted by law.

--- Page 76 ---
68 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Notes (other than Non PR Notes) will be substantially in the following form, 
duly completed to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. Text in this section appearing in italics 
does not form part of the form of the Final Terms but denotes directions for completing the Final Terms. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS: The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom (the “UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000, as amended ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK 
PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MiFID II Product Governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes of 
[the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined 
in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR Product Governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes of 
[the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct 
of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target 
market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations pursuant to 
Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore) (as modified or amended 
from time to time, the “SFA”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in 
Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are [“prescribed capital markets products”]/[“capital markets products other than 
prescribed capital markets products”] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018).] 
Final Terms dated [●] 
METSO OUTOTEC CORPORATION 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Republic of Finland) 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes]

--- Page 77 ---
69 
 
 
under the EUR 2,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the 
“Conditions”) set forth in the base prospectus dated 22 November 2022 [and the supplement[s] thereto dated [●]] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (the “EU Prospectus Regulation”). This document constitutes 
the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. These Final 
Terms contain the final terms of the Notes and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus.] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under a 
Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”) set forth 
in the base prospectus dated 13 November 2020 which is incorporated by reference in the base prospectus dated 22 
November 2022. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (the “EU Prospectus 
Regulation”) and must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 22 November 2022 [and the supplement[s] 
to it dated [•] [and [•]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation 
(the “Base Prospectus”), including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus.] 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes described herein is only available on the basis of a combination 
of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus is available for viewing on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and copies may be obtained from the registered office of the Issuer, at 
Töölönlahdenkatu 2, FI-00100 Helsinki, Finland. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Italics denote directions for completing the Final 
Terms.] 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, form a 
single series and be interchangeable for trading purposes 
with the [identify earlier Tranche(s)] on [[●]/the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for interests 
in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 
[●] below [which is expected to occur on or about [●].]]] 
2. 
Specified Currency: 
[●] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of fungible 
issues only, if applicable)] 
 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
 
 
[No Notes may be issued which have a minimum 
denomination of less than EUR 100,000 (or the equivalent 
in another currency)] 
 
 
[Subject thereto, if Notes are to be issued which have 
denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination and higher integral multiples of another 
smaller amount, the following sample wording should be

--- Page 78 ---
70 
 
 
used (as adjusted for the relevant Specified Currency and 
the actual Specified Denominations: 
 
 
[EUR] 100,000 and integral multiples of [EUR] 1,000 in 
excess thereof up to and including [EUR] 199,000. 
Definitive Notes will not be issued in denominations in 
excess of [EUR] 199,000.] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Issue Date/Other/Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[●]  
 
 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month 
and year.] 
 
 
[If the Maturity Date is less than one year from the Issue 
Date and either (a) the issue proceeds are received by the 
Issuer in the United Kingdom or (b) the activity of issuing 
the Notes is carried on from an establishment maintained 
by the Issuer in the United Kingdom, (i) the Notes must 
have a minimum redemption value of GBP 100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies) and be sold only to 
“professional investors” or (ii) another applicable 
exemption from Section 19 of the FSMA must be 
available.] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[specify reference rate] +/- [●] per cent Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [par/Instalment/the Final Redemption Amount 
specified in paragraph 20 below] 
10. 
Put/Call Option: 
[Not Applicable/Noteholder Put Option/Change of 
Control Put Option/Issuer Call Option] 
11. 
Date Board approval for issuance of Notes obtained: 
[●] 
 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
12. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[●] per cent 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year[, adjusted for payment purposes only/, not 
adjusted]

--- Page 79 ---
71 
 
 
 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention 
[Following Business Day Convention / Modified 
Following Business Day Convention / Preceding Business 
Day Convention / No Adjustment] 
 
(iv) 
Additional Business Centre(s) 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(v) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(vi) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[Not Applicable/[●] per Calculation Amount payable on 
the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]] 
 
(vii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual(ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/365 / Actual/365(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30E/360 / 
30E/360(ISDA)] 
 
[(viii) 
Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a long 
or short first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA)).] 
13. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Specified Period/Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] 
 
 
(Specified Period and Interest Payment Dates are 
alternatives. A Specified Period, rather than Interest 
Payment Dates, will only be relevant if the Business Day 
Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention. Otherwise, insert 
“Not Applicable”) 
 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention / Following Business Day 
Convention / Modified Following Business Day 
Convention / Preceding Business Day Convention / No 
Adjustment] 
 
(iii) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/Give details] 
 
(iv) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination / ISDA Determination] 
 
(v) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s): 
[Fiscal Agent/Other] 
 
(vi) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
– 
Reference Rate: 
[●] month [EURIBOR] 
 
– 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
– 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
 
– 
Relevant Time: 
[●] 
 
– 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[●] 
 
– 
Reference Banks: 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
– 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
– 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●]

--- Page 80 ---
72 
 
 
 
– 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
– 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
– 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
[– 
Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [•] / 
[Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [•]/[Applicable Business 
Days]] 
 
– 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
[– 
Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [•]/[Applicable Business 
Days]] 
 
– 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
[– 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [•] / 
[Not Applicable]] 
 
– 
ISDA Benchmarks Supplement: 
[Applicable /Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Linear Interpolation 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)]

--- Page 81 ---
73 
 
 
 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [●] per cent per annum 
 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent per annum 
 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent per annum 
 
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual(ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/365 / Actual/365(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30E/360 / 
30E/360(ISDA)] 
14. 
Step Up Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Reference Year(s): 
[●] [and [●]] 
 
(ii) 
Step Up Event(s): 
[A Step Up will occur in respect of the occurrence of a 
Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event] [and] [A Step Up will 
occur in respect of the occurrence of a Supplier SBT 
Event] / [A Step Up will occur once only in respect of the 
occurrence of either a Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event or a 
Supplier SBT Event] 
 
(iii) 
Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Baseline: 
[122,868 tCO2e for the year ended 31 December 2019] 
[[●] tCO2e for the year ended 31 December [●]] 
as may be redetermined to reflect the occurrence of a 
Baseline Redetermination Event  
 
(iv) 
Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage 
Threshold: 
[●] per cent [in respect of [specify relevant Reference Year 
if more than one Reference Year is included]], subject to 
increase as specified in a Threshold Increase Notice in 
accordance with Condition 18(d) 
 
(v) 
Supplier SBT Percentage Threshold: 
[●] per cent [in respect of [specify relevant Reference Year 
if more than one Reference Year is included]], subject to 
increase as specified in a Threshold Increase Notice in 
accordance with Condition 18(d) 
 
(vi) 
Intermediate Target: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
[●] per cent in respect of [specify relevant Reporting 
Year]] 
(repeat for each Reporting Year (other than a Reference 
Year)) 
 
(vii) 
Step Up Margin: 
[[●] per cent per annum in respect of the occurrence of a 
Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event] 
[[●] per cent per annum in respect of the occurrence of a 
Supplier SBT Event] 
 
(viii) 
Notification Deadline: 
[the 120th day of each Reporting Year] 
[the [●] day of each Reporting Year] 
15. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[●] per cent per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[●]

--- Page 82 ---
74 
 
 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/365 / Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30E/360 / 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
16. 
Premium Payment Condition 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Reference Year(s): 
[●] [and [●]] 
 
(ii) 
Premium Payment Date: 
[Redemption] / [specify date] 
 
(iii) 
Premium Payment Trigger Event(s): 
[A Premium Payment Amount will become payable in 
respect of the occurrence of a Scope 1 and 2 Emissions 
Event] [and] [A Premium Payment Amount will become 
payable in respect of the occurrence of a Supplier SBT 
Event] / [A Premium Payment Amount will become 
payable once only in respect of the occurrence of either a 
Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event or a Supplier SBT Event] 
 
(iv) 
Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Baseline: 
[122,868 tCO2e for the year ended 31 December 2019] 
[[●] tCO2e for the year ended 31 December [●]] 
as may be redetermined to reflect the occurrence of a 
Baseline Redetermination Event 
 
(v) 
Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage 
Threshold: 
[●] per cent [in respect of [specify relevant Reference Year 
if more than one Reference Year is included]], subject to 
increase as specified in a Threshold Increase Notice in 
accordance with Condition 18(d) 
 
(vi) 
Supplier SBT Percentage Threshold: 
[●] per cent [in respect of [specify relevant Reference Year 
if more than one Reference Year is included]], subject to 
increase as specified in a Threshold Increase Notice in 
accordance with Condition 18(d) 
 
(vii) 
Intermediate Target: 
[●] per cent in respect of [specify relevant Reporting 
Year]] 
(repeat for each Reporting Year (other than a Reference 
Year)) 
 
(viii) 
Premium Payment Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount in respect of the occurrence 
of a Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event] 
[[●] per Calculation Amount in respect of the occurrence 
of a Supplier SBT Event] 
 
(ix) 
Notification Deadline: 
[the 120th day of each Reporting Year] 
[the [●] day of each Reporting Year] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) (Call): 
[●] /[Any date from and including [date] to but excluding 
[date]]

--- Page 83 ---
75 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) (Call) of 
each Note: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount [in the case of the Optional 
Redemption Date(s) falling [on [●]]/[in the period from 
and including [date] to but excluding [date]] 
 
(iii) 
Redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[●]  
 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[●]  
 
(iv) 
Notice period(s): 
[As set out in Condition 11(c)/[●]] 
18. 
Make Whole Redemption 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Make Whole Redemption Price: 
[Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount / 
Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount] 
 
(ii) 
Redemption Margin: 
[●] per cent 
 
(iii) 
Reference Bond: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Quotation Time: 
[●]] 
19. 
Par Option Commencement Date 
[Specify date]/[Not Applicable] 
20. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Change of Control Put Option applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) ([Change of 
Control] Put): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) ([Change 
of Control] Put): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period(s): 
[As set out in Condition 11(h)/Condition 11(i)/[●]] 
21. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
22. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each Note payable 
on redemption for taxation reasons or on Event of 
Default, if different from the principal amount of the 
Notes: 
[Not Applicable/Specify if different from the principal 
amount of the Notes] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
23. 
Form of Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
[on [●] days’ notice or] in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note]1 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [●] days’ notice]1 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes [on [●] days’ notice or] in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note]1 
                                                          
1 
Note that the option to exchange at any time may not be used in circumstances where Notes are tradeable in denominations of 
EUR 100,000 and higher integral multiples of EUR 1,000 (or equivalents in another currency). In relation to any issue of Notes 
which are expressed to be Temporary Global Notes exchangeable for Definitive Notes, such Notes may only be issued in 
denominations equal to, or greater than EUR 100,000 and integral multiples thereof (or equivalents in another currency).

--- Page 84 ---
76 
 
 
24. 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
25. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/Give details. 
Note that this item relates to the place of payment, and not 
interest period end dates, to which items 12(ii) and 13(i) 
relate] 
26. 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and dates on which 
such Talons mature): 
[No/Yes. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, talons may be required if, on exchange into 
definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments are left] 
27. 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: amount of each 
instalment, date on which each payment is to be 
made: 
[Not Applicable/Give details] 
28. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
29. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
SIGNATURE 
Signed on behalf of METSO OUTOTEC CORPORATION 
 
 
By: ........................................................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 85 ---
77 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Official 
List 
of 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange/other/None] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be admitted 
to trading on [the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange/other] with effect from [●].] 
[The Original Notes are admitted to trading on [the 
Regulated 
Market 
of 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange/other].] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original securities are already admitted to trading) 
 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to admission 
to trading: 
[●] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
[The Notes to be issued have not been rated./The Notes to be issued have been rated]: 
 
[Moody’s Investors Service Nordics AB: 
[●]] 
 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited: 
[●]] 
 
[[●] is established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the “EU CRA 
Regulation”), and is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority on its website (www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the EU 
CRA Regulation.] / [[●] is established in the EEA but is neither registered nor has it applied for registration under 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”).] / [[●] is not established in the EEA but 
is certified under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”).] / [[●] is not established 
in the EEA and is not certified under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”); 
however, the rating it has given to the Notes is endorsed by [●], which is established in the EEA and registered under 
the EU CRA Regulation.] 
[[●] is established in the United Kingdom and registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended, as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK 
CRA Regulation”).] / [[●] is established in the United Kingdom but is neither registered nor has it applied for 
registration under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended, as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”).] / [[●] is not 
established in the United Kingdom but is certified under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended, as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”).] / [[●] is not established in the United Kingdom and is not certified under Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009, as amended, as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”); however, the rating it has given to the Notes is endorsed by 
[●], which is established in the United Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
3. 
INTEREST OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
 
[Except for the commissions payable to the [Dealers/Managers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in 
the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Dealers/Managers] and their affiliates have engaged, 
and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform 
other services for the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business [●]/Not Applicable] 
[4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be applied by the Issuer to 
meet part of its general financing requirements/Other. 
 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●]

--- Page 86 ---
78 
 
 
 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to split out and 
present in order of priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed 
uses state amount and sources of other funding) 
 
(iii) 
Estimated total expenses: 
[●] [Include breakdown of expenses.]] 
5. 
Fixed Rate Notes only - YIELD 
 
[Not Applicable/Indication of yield: 
[●] per cent [per annum/semi-annual]] 
6. 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
 
[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such information 
has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by 
[specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced inaccurate or misleading.] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
If syndicated: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
and 
underwriting 
commitments of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/Give names, addresses and underwriting 
commitments] 
 
(ii) 
Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Stabilising Manager: 
[Not Applicable/Give name] 
 
If non-syndicated, name and address of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/Give name and address] 
 
TEFRA: 
[Not Applicable/The [C/D] Rules are applicable] 
 
Total commission and concession: 
[●] per cent of the Aggregate Nominal Amount  
8. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN Code: 
[●]  
 
Common Code: 
[●]  
 
[FISN: 
[●]]  
 
[CFI Code: 
[●]]  
 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal 
name]][repeat as necessary]. As at the date hereof, 
[[administrator 
legal 
name][appears]/[does 
not 
appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established 
and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of the Benchmarks 
Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date 
hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall within the scope 
of the Benchmarks Regulation]/ [As far as the Issuer is 
aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended apply, such that 
[name of administrator] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the 
European 
Union, 
recognition, 
endorsement 
or 
equivalence)]/ [Not Applicable] 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such

--- Page 87 ---
79 
 
 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]/ 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the date 
of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
at any time during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and the relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/Give details] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Name(s) and address(es) of any additional Paying 
Agents: 
[Not Applicable/Give details]

--- Page 88 ---
80 
 
 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
The Pricing Supplement in respect of each Tranche of Non PR Notes will be substantially in the following form, duly 
completed, supplemented, amended and/or replaced to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Non PR Notes and their 
issue. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part of the form of the Pricing Supplement but denotes 
directions for completing the Pricing Supplement. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS: The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom (the “UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000, as amended ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK 
PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MiFID II Product Governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes of 
[the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined 
in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR Product Governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes of 
[the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct 
of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target 
market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations pursuant to 
Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore) (as modified or amended 
from time to time, the “SFA”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in 
Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are [“prescribed capital markets products”]/[“capital markets products other than 
prescribed capital markets products”] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018).] 
Pricing Supplement dated [●] 
METSO OUTOTEC CORPORATION 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Republic of Finland) 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes]

--- Page 89 ---
81 
 
 
under the EUR 2,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the 
“Conditions”) set forth in the base prospectus dated 22 November 2022 [and the supplement[s] thereto dated [●]] (the 
“Base Prospectus”). This Pricing Supplement contains the final terms of the Notes and must be read in conjunction with 
the Base Prospectus.] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under a 
Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”) set forth 
in the base prospectus dated 13 November 2020 which is incorporated by reference in the base prospectus dated 22 
November 2022. This Pricing Supplement contains the final terms of the Notes and must be read in conjunction with the 
base prospectus dated 22 November 2022 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [•] [and [•]] (the “Base Prospectus”), including 
the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus.] 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes described herein is only available on the basis of a combination 
of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus is available for viewing on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and copies may be obtained from the registered office of the Issuer, at 
Töölönlahdenkatu 2, FI-00100 Helsinki, Finland. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Italics denote directions for completing the 
Pricing Supplement.] 
1 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, form a 
single series and be interchangeable for trading purposes 
with the [identify earlier Tranche(s)] on [[●]/the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to in 
paragraph [●] below [which is expected to occur on or 
about [●]]  
2. 
Specified Currency: 
[●] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of fungible 
issues only, if applicable)] 
5. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
 
 
[No Notes may be issued which have a minimum 
denomination of less than EUR 100,000 (or the 
equivalent in another currency)] 
 
 
[Subject thereto, if Notes are to be issued which have 
denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination and higher integral multiples of another 
smaller amount, the following sample wording should be 
used (as adjusted for the relevant Specified Currency and 
the actual Specified Denominations: 
 
 
[EUR] 100,000 and integral multiples of [EUR] 1,000 in 
excess thereof up to and including [EUR] 199,000.

--- Page 90 ---
82 
 
 
Definitive Notes will not be issued in denominations in 
excess of [EUR] 199,000.] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
Issue Date/Other/Not Applicable 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[●]  
 
 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month 
and year.] 
 
 
[If the Maturity Date is less than one year from the Issue 
Date and either (a) the issue proceeds are received by the 
Issuer in the United Kingdom or (b) the activity of issuing 
the Notes is carried on from an establishment maintained 
by the Issuer in the United Kingdom, (i) the Notes must 
have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies) and be sold only to 
“professional investors” or (ii) another applicable 
exemption from Section 19 of the FSMA must be 
available.] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[specify reference rate] +/- [●] per cent Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified below)  
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at par/Instalment 
10. 
Change of Interest or Redemption/ Payment Basis: 
Not Applicable/Specify details of any provision for 
convertibility of Notes into another interest or 
redemption/payment basis 
11. 
Put/Call Option: 
Not Applicable/Noteholder Put Option/Change of 
Control Put Option/Issuer Call Option 
12. 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
 
(ii) 
Date Board approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
Applicable/Not Applicable 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year[, adjusted [for payment purposes only] 
in accordance with [specify Business Day Convention 
and any applicable Business Centre(s) for the definition 
of “Business Day”]/, not adjusted] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 91 ---
83 
 
 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
Not Applicable/[●] per Calculation Amount payable on 
the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
30/360 / Actual/Actual(ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/365 / Actual/365(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30E/360 / 
30E/360(ISDA) 
 
[(vi) 
Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a long 
or short first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant where 
Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA)).] 
 
(vii) 
Other terms relating to the method of 
calculating interest for Fixed Rate Notes: 
Not Applicable/Give details 
14. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
Applicable/Not Applicable 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Specified Period/Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] 
 
 
(Specified Period and Interest Payment Dates are 
alternatives. A Specified Period, rather than Interest 
Payment Dates, will only be relevant if the Business Day 
Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention. Otherwise, insert 
“Not Applicable”) 
 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
Floating Rate Convention / Following Business Day 
Convention / Modified Following Business Day 
Convention / Preceding Business Day Convention / No 
Adjustment 
 
(iii) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
Not Applicable/give details 
 
(iv) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination / ISDA Determination / 
Other (give details)] 
 
(v) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s): 
Fiscal Agent/Other 
 
(vi) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
– 
Reference Rate: 
[●] month [EURIBOR] 
 
– 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
– 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
 
– 
Relevant Time: 
[●] 
 
– 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[●] 
 
– 
Reference Banks: 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
– 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
– 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
– 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
– 
Reset Date: 
[●]

--- Page 92 ---
84 
 
 
 
– 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
[– 
Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [•] / 
[Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [•]/[Applicable Business 
Days]] 
 
– 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
[– 
Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [•]/[Applicable Business 
Days]] 
 
– 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
[– 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [•] / 
[Not Applicable]] 
 
– 
ISDA Benchmarks Supplement: 
[Applicable /Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Linear Interpolation 
Not Applicable / Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period) 
 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [●] per cent per annum 
 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent per annum

--- Page 93 ---
85 
 
 
 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent per annum 
 
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[●] 
 
(xiii) 
Fall 
back 
provisions, 
rounding 
provisions, denominator and any other 
terms 
relating 
to 
the 
method 
of 
calculating interest on Floating Rate 
Notes, if different from those set out in the 
Conditions: 
Not Applicable/Give details 
15. 
Step Up Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Reference Year(s): 
[●] [and [●]] 
 
(ii) 
Step Up Event(s): 
[A Step Up will occur in respect of the occurrence of a 
Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event] [and] [A Step Up will 
occur in respect of the occurrence of a Supplier SBT 
Event] / [A Step Up will occur once only in respect of the 
occurrence of either a Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event or 
a Supplier SBT Event] 
 
(iii) 
Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Baseline: 
[122,868 tCO2e for the year ended 31 December 2019] 
[[●] tCO2e for the year ended 31 December [●]] 
as may be redetermined to reflect the occurrence of a 
Baseline Redetermination Event 
 
(iv) 
Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage 
Threshold: 
[●] per cent [in respect of [specify relevant Reference 
Year if more than one Reference Year is included]], 
subject to increase as specified in a Threshold Increase 
Notice in accordance with Condition 18(d) 
 
(v) 
Supplier SBT Percentage Threshold: 
[●] per cent [in respect of [specify relevant Reference 
Year if more than one Reference Year is included]], 
subject to increase as specified in a Threshold Increase 
Notice in accordance with Condition 18(d) 
 
(vi) 
Intermediate Target: 
[●] per cent in respect of [specify relevant Reporting 
Year]] 
(repeat for each Reporting Year (other than a Reference 
Year)) 
 
(vii) 
Step Up Margin: 
[[●] per cent per annum in respect of the occurrence of a 
Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event] 
[[●] per cent per annum in respect of the occurrence of a 
Supplier SBT Event] 
 
(viii) 
Notification Deadline: 
[the 120th day of each Reporting Year] 
[the [●] day of each Reporting Year] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
Applicable/Not Applicable 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[●] per cent per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[●]

--- Page 94 ---
86 
 
 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
/ Actual/365 / Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30E/360 
/ 30E/360 (ISDA) 
 
(iv) 
Any other formula/basis of determining 
amount payable: 
Not Applicable/Give details 
17. 
Premium Payment Condition 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Reference Year(s): 
[●] [and [●]] 
 
(ii) 
Premium Payment Date: 
[Redemption] / [specify date] 
 
(iii) 
Premium Payment Trigger Event(s): 
[A Premium Payment Amount will become payable in 
respect of the occurrence of a Scope 1 and 2 Emissions 
Event] [and] [A Premium Payment Amount will become 
payable in respect of the occurrence of a Supplier SBT 
Event] / [A Premium Payment Amount will become 
payable once only in respect of the occurrence of either a 
Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event or a Supplier SBT Event] 
 
(iv) 
Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Baseline: 
[122,868 tCO2e for the year ended 31 December 2019] 
[[●] tCO2e for the year ended 31 December [●]] 
as may be redetermined to reflect the occurrence of a 
Baseline Redetermination Event 
 
(v) 
Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage 
Threshold: 
[●] per cent [in respect of [specify relevant Reference 
Year if more than one Reference Year is included]], 
subject to increase as specified in a Threshold Increase 
Notice in accordance with Condition 18(d) 
 
(vi) 
Supplier SBT Percentage Threshold: 
[●] per cent [in respect of [specify relevant Reference 
Year if more than one Reference Year is included]], 
subject to increase as specified in a Threshold Increase 
Notice in accordance with Condition 18(d) 
 
(vii) 
Intermediate Target: 
[●] per cent in respect of [specify relevant Reporting 
Year]] 
(repeat for each Reporting Year (other than a Reference 
Year)) 
 
(viii) 
Premium Payment Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount in respect of the occurrence 
of a Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event] 
[[●] per Calculation Amount in respect of the occurrence 
of a Supplier SBT Event] 
 
(ix) 
Notification Deadline: 
[the 120th day of each Reporting Year] 
[the [●] day of each Reporting Year] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Call Option 
Applicable/Not Applicable 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) (Call): 
[●]

--- Page 95 ---
87 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) (Call) 
of each Note and/or method, if any, of 
calculation of such amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount/[●] 
 
(iii) 
Redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[●]  
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●]  
 
(iv) 
Notice period(s): 
[As set out in Condition 11(c)/[●]] 
19. 
Make Whole Redemption  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Make Whole Redemption Price 
[Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount / 
Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount] 
 
(ii) 
Redemption Margin: 
[●] per cent 
 
(iii) 
Reference Bond: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Quotation Time: 
[●]] 
20. 
Par Option Commencement Date 
[Specify date]/[Not Applicable] 
21. 
Put Option 
Applicable/Change of Control Put Option applicable/Not 
Applicable 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) ([Change 
of Control] Put): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
([Change of Control] Put) and/or method, 
if any, of calculation of such amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount/[●] 
 
(iii) 
Notice period(s): 
As set out in the Conditions/[●] 
22. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
23. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each Note 
payable on redemption for taxation reasons or on 
Event of Default and/or the method of calculating 
the same (if required or if different from that set 
out in the Conditions): 
Not Applicable/Give details/Specify if different from the 
principal amount of the Notes 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
24. 
Form of Notes: 
Bearer: 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
[on [●] days’ notice or] in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note]2 
                                                          
2 
Note that the option to exchange at any time may not be used in circumstances where Notes are tradeable in denominations of 
EUR 100,000 and higher integral multiples of EUR 1,000 (or equivalents in another currency). In relation to any issue of Notes 
which are expressed to be Temporary Global Notes exchangeable for Definitive Notes, such Notes may only be issued in 
denominations equal to, or greater than EUR 100,000 and integral multiples thereof (or equivalents in another currency).

--- Page 96 ---
88 
 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [●] days’ notice]3  
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes [on [●] days’ notice or] in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note]4  
25. 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
26. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or other special 
provisions relating to Payment Dates: 
Not Applicable/Give details 
Note that this item relates to the place of payment, and 
not interest period end dates, to which items 13(ii) and 
14(i) relate 
27. 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and dates on which 
such Talons mature): 
Yes/No. If yes, give details 
28. 
Details relating to Partly Paid Notes: amount of 
each payment comprising the Issue Price and date 
on which each payment is to be made and 
consequences (if any) of failure to pay, including 
any right of the Issuer to forfeit the Notes and 
interest due on late payment: 
Not Applicable/Give details 
29. 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: amount of 
each instalment, date on which each payment is to 
be made: 
Not Applicable/Give details 
30. 
Redenomination, 
renominalisation 
and 
reconventioning provisions: 
Not Applicable/Give details 
31. 
Other final terms: 
Not Applicable/Give details 
32. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
33. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
SIGNATURE 
Signed on behalf of METSO OUTOTEC CORPORATION 
 
 
By: ........................................................................ 
Duly authorised 
                                                          
3 
As above. 
4 
As above.

--- Page 97 ---
89 
 
 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange/other/None 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
Not Applicable/Application has been made for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on [the Luxembourg Stock Exchange/other] with effect from [●] 
[The Original Notes are admitted to trading on [the Regulated Market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange/other].] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that original 
securities are already admitted to trading) 
 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related 
to 
admission 
to 
trading: 
[●] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
The Notes to be issued have not been rated./The Notes to be issued have been rated: 
 
[Moody’s Investors Service Nordics 
AB: 
[●]] 
 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited: 
[●]] 
3. 
INTEREST OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
 
[Except for the commissions payable to the [Dealers/Managers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in 
the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Dealers/Managers] and their affiliates have engaged, 
and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform 
other services for the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business [●]/Not Applicable] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be applied by the Issuer to 
meet part of its general financing requirements/Other. 
 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to split out and 
present in order of priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed 
uses state amount and sources of other funding) 
 
(iii) 
Estimated total expenses: 
[●] [Include breakdown of expenses.] 
 
 
(Only necessary to include disclosure of net proceeds and total expenses 
at (ii) and (iii) above where disclosure is included at (i) above) 
5. 
Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
[Not Applicable/Indication of yield: 
[●] per cent [per annum/semi-annual]] 
The yield is calculated as of the Issue Date on a[n semi-]annual basis using 
the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield. 
6. 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
 
[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information 
published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced inaccurate or 
misleading.]

--- Page 98 ---
90 
 
 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
If syndicated: 
Applicable/Not Applicable 
 
(i) 
Names and addresses and 
underwriting 
commitments 
of Managers: 
Not Applicable/Give names, addresses and underwriting commitments 
 
(ii) 
Date 
of 
Subscription 
Agreement: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Stabilising Manager: 
Not Applicable/Give name 
 
If non-syndicated, name and address 
of Dealer: 
Not Applicable/Give name and address 
 
U.S. selling restrictions: 
Regulation S Category 2 
 
TEFRA: 
[Not Applicable/The [C/D] Rules are applicable] 
 
Total commission and concession: 
[●] per cent of the Aggregate Nominal Amount  
 
Additional selling restrictions: 
Not Applicable/Give details 
8. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN Code: 
[●]  
 
Common Code: 
[●]  
 
[FISN: 
[●]]  
 
[CFI Code: 
[●]]  
 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal name]][repeat 
as necessary]. 
As at the date 
hereof, [[administrator legal 
name][appears]/[does not appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the 
Benchmarks Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date 
hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall within the scope of the 
Benchmarks Regulation]/ [As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended apply, 
such that [name of administrator] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the European Union, 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence)]/ [Not Applicable] 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that the Notes are 
intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]/ 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the date of these Final 
Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the future 
such that the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.]

--- Page 99 ---
91 
 
 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
Not Applicable/Give details 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Name(s) and address(es) of any 
additional Paying Agents: 
Not Applicable/Give details

--- Page 100 ---
92 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
Each Global Note will be in bearer form. Consequently, in relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Note, 
references in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to “Noteholder” are references to the bearer of the relevant Global 
Note which, for so long as the Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary, in the case of a CGN, or a 
Common Safekeeper, in the case of an NGN for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note (each an “Accountholder”) must look solely to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder’s share 
of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note and in relation to all other rights arising under the 
Global Note. The extent to which, and the manner in which, Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under the 
Global Note will be determined by the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any 
other relevant clearing system from time to time. For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by the Global Note, 
Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due under the Notes and such 
obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the bearer of the Global Note. 
Exchange of Temporary Global Notes 
Whenever any interest in a Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global Note, the 
Issuer shall procure: 
(a) 
in the case of first exchange, the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Permanent Global Note, 
duly authenticated, to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note; or 
(b) 
in the case of any subsequent exchange, an increase in the principal amount of such Permanent Global Note in 
accordance with its terms, 
in each case in an aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate of the principal amounts specified in the certificates 
issued by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and received by the Fiscal 
Agent against presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Note at the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent within 7 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Whenever a Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt delivery 
(free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Receipts, Coupons and Talons attached 
(if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in the case of an exchange in whole, in an aggregate principal amount equal 
to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note or, in the case of a partial exchange, in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note being so exchanged, to the bearer of the Temporary Global 
Note against the surrender of the Temporary Global Note at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the 
bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
a Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased by 5.00 p.m. (London 
time) on the seventh day after the bearer of a Temporary Global Note has requested exchange of an interest in the 
Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note; or 
(b) 
Definitive Notes have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the bearer of a 
Temporary Global Note has requested exchange of the Temporary Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(c) 
a Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of a Temporary Global Note has occurred and, in either 
case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to 
the bearer of the Temporary Global Note in accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global Note on the due 
date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note or increase the principal 
amount thereof or deliver Definitive Notes, as the case may be) will become void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such 
seventh day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (b) above) or at 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date (in the case of (c) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have 
no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or others 
may have under a deed of covenant dated 13 November 2020 (the “Deed of Covenant”) executed by the Issuer). Under 
the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other

--- Page 101 ---
93 
 
 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global Note will acquire directly against the Issuer 
all those rights to which they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Temporary Global Note became void, 
they had been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they 
were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system. 
Exchange of Permanent Global Notes 
Whenever a Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt delivery 
(free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Receipts, Coupons and Talons attached 
(if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the 
Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note at 
the specified office of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the bearer of a 
Permanent Global Note has duly requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
a Permanent Global Note (or any part of it) has become due and payable in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Notes has occurred and, in either case, payment in 
full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer of the 
Permanent Global Note in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date (in the case 
of (b) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to 
the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). Under the Deed 
of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system as being entitled to an interest in a Permanent Global Note will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to 
which they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Permanent Global Note became void, they had been the 
holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they were shown as 
holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Conditions Applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as they apply to the Global 
Note. The following is an overview of certain of those provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note will be made against presentation and (in the case of payment of 
principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect of the Notes. On each 
occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the Global Note, the Issuer shall procure that in 
respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule thereto and in respect of an NGN the payment is entered pro rata in 
the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Payment Business Day: In the case of a Global Note, shall be, if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is a 
TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional 
Financial Centre; or, if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign currencies 
may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre. 
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the options contained in Condition 11(e) (Redemption at the option of 
Noteholders) or Condition 11(f) (Change of Control Put Option) the bearer of the Global Note must, within the period 
specified in the Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note and put notice, give written notice of such exercise to the 
Fiscal Agent specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of which such option is being exercised. Any such notice 
will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 11(c) (Redemption at 
the option of the Issuer), Condition 11(d) (Make Whole Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) or Condition 11(e) 
(Optional Redemption at Par) in relation to some only of the Notes, the Global Note may be redeemed in part in the 
principal amount specified by the Issuer in accordance with the Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed will not be 
selected as provided in the Conditions. In such event, the partial redemption will be effected in accordance with the rules 
and procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion).

--- Page 102 ---
94 
 
 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 20 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note and/or 
a Temporary Global Note and the Permanent Global Note is and/or the Temporary Global Note is/are deposited with a 
common depositary or a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system, notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. So long as such Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, notices shall also be published in a leading newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is 
expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).

--- Page 103 ---
95 
 
 
METSO OUTOTEC CORPORATION 
Introduction 
The legal and commercial name of the Issuer is Metso Outotec Corporation (“Metso Outotec”). Metso Outotec is a 
provider of sustainable technologies, end-to-end solutions and services for the aggregates, mineral processing and metals 
refining industries globally. For the nine months ended 30 September 2022, Metso Outotec had sales of EUR 3,861 million 
and an operating profit of EUR 319 million. As at 30 September 2022, Metso Outotec’s assets amounted to 
EUR 6,826 million and it had 16,277 employees worldwide. 
Metso Outotec is a public limited liability company incorporated in the Republic of Finland and operates under Finnish 
law. Metso Outotec is registered with the trade register maintained by the Finnish Patent and Registration Office (the 
“Finnish Trade Register”) under the business identity code 0828105-4. Metso Outotec’s registered office is located at 
Töölönlahdenkatu 2, P.O. Box 1220, FI-00100 Helsinki, Finland; telephone +358 20 484 100. Metso Outotec’s website is 
www.mogroup.com. The information on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless explicitly 
incorporated by reference. 
History 
Metso was incorporated on 24 August 1999, and created as the result of the merger of Valmet Corporation (“Valmet”) and 
Rauma Corporation (“Rauma”). Prior to the merger, Valmet was a paper and board machine supplier, while Rauma’s 
operations were focused on fibre technology, rock crushing and flow control solutions. Soon after the merger, in September 
2001, Metso acquired Svedala Industri AB, a global supplier of products and services for the rock and mineral processing 
industry based in Sweden. In 2013, Metso decided to split the company into two listed, independent entities: Metso and 
Valmet. The demerger was completed on 31 December 2013. 
Outotec was incorporated on 31 December 1990. Outotec’s strong market position and technology leadership was based 
on the knowledge and experience derived from the combination of the operations of several mining and metal technology 
companies. The most significant of these are the Outokumpu Group; the former Lurgi Metallurgie GmbH, originating from 
Metallgesellschaft AG; and Larox Corporation. Outokumpu Technology was organised as a legal consolidated group in 
2006. In October 2006, Outokumpu Technology was listed as an independent company on Nasdaq Helsinki. According to 
the agreement made with the former parent company Outokumpu Oyj, Outokumpu Technology changed its name to 
Outotec in April 2007. 
The Boards of Directors of Metso and Outotec announced on 4 July 2019 that they had agreed on the Demerger in 
accordance with the demerger plan signed on 4 July 2019 and combination agreement signed on 4 July 2019. The 
completion of the Demerger was registered in the Finnish Trade Register on 30 June 2020. After absorbing the Metso 
Minerals Business, Outotec became Metso Outotec. Simultaneously, Metso was renamed Neles Corporation. Trading in 
the shares in Metso Outotec on Nasdaq Helsinki commenced on 1 July 2020. 
Legal Structure 
Metso Outotec is the parent company of the Metso Outotec Group. As at 30 September 2022, Metso Outotec had 
96 subsidiaries in 52 countries. 
Group Structure 
Metso Outotec is organised into the following five business areas: 
● 
Aggregates provides crushing and screening equipment for the production of aggregates. Customers include large 
international companies as well as smaller, more regional or local companies. 
● 
Minerals provides equipment and full plant solutions for minerals processing. Customers include large global 
miners, major and mid-sized regional operators and junior miners. 
● 
Metals provides equipment, processing solutions and full plant solutions for metals refining and chemical 
processing. Customers include large and mid-sized mining companies, as well as local mining and metallurgical 
companies in emerging markets. 
● 
Services provides spare parts, refurbishments and professional services for aggregates, mining and metals 
customers. 
● 
Consumables provides a comprehensive offering of wear parts for aggregates and mining customers.

--- Page 104 ---
96 
 
 
Metso Outotec’s segment reporting is based on the legacy segment structure of the Metso Minerals Business and Outotec’s 
Minerals Processing and Metals Refining segments. From 1 July 2020, Metso Outotec’s IFRS reporting segments have 
been Minerals, Aggregates and Metals. 
On 28 October 2020, Metso Outotec announced its intention to divest its recycling business, which sold products and 
services for metal and waste recycling. Metso Outotec announced that it had successfully completed the divestment of its 
waste recycling business on 1 December 2021 and its metals recycling business on 2 June 2022. 
On 27 January 2022, Metso Outotec announced that it would change its business area structure by transferring the 
Hydrometallurgy business from Metals to Minerals and that it would start a strategic review related to the remaining 
businesses in the Metals segment. Metso Outotec’s financial information was restated to reflect the transfer of 
Hydrometallurgy as of 1 January 2022. 
Results of Operations 
The table below sets forth Metso Outotec’s sales by segment for the periods indicated: 
 
For the nine months 
ended 30 September 
For the year ended 
31 December 
 
2022
2021
2021 
  2020(1)
 
(unaudited) 
(audited) 
 
(EUR in millions) 
Aggregates......................................................................................................  
1,059 
878 
1,202 
992 
Minerals .........................................................................................................  
2,437 
1,877 
2,527(2)
2,112
Metals .............................................................................................................  
   364 
   204 
   508(2)
   215
Metso Outotec total ........................................................................................  
3,861 
2,958 
4,236
3,319
__________ 
(1) 
The segment information for the year ended 31 December 2020 consists of carve-out financial information of the Metso Minerals Business 
for the six months ended 30 June 2020 and consolidated financial information of Metso Outotec for the six months ended 31 December 2020. 
(2) 
In the Interim Report, Metso Outotec restated the sales of Minerals and Metals for the year ended 31 December 2021 to reflect the transfer of 
the Hydrometallurgy business from Metals to Minerals as discussed under “—Group Structure” above. The table above includes non-restated 
figure for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020. Accordingly, the sales of Minerals and Metals for the years ended 31 December 2021 
and 2020 in the table above are not directly comparable with the sales of Minerals and Metals for the nine months ended 30 September 2022 
and 2021. For the year ended 31 December 2021, the restated sales were EUR 2,724 million for Minerals and EUR 310 million for Metals. 
The table below sets forth Metso Outotec’s operating profit by segment for the periods indicated: 
 
For the nine months 
ended 30 September 
For the year ended 
31 December 
 
2022
2021
2021 
  2020(1)
 
(unaudited) 
(audited) 
 
(EUR in millions) 
Aggregates......................................................................................................  
142 
111 
148 
95 
Minerals .........................................................................................................  
318 
221 
312(2)
253
Metals .............................................................................................................  
35 
(6) 
12(2)
(24) 
Group Head Office and other .........................................................................  
(176) 
(30) 
(47)
(84)
Metso Outotec total ........................................................................................  
   319 
 295 
425
239
__________ 
(1) 
The segment information for the year ended 31 December 2020 consists of carve-out financial information of the Metso Minerals Business 
for the six months ended 30 June 2020 and consolidated financial information of Metso Outotec for the six months ended 31 December 2020. 
(2) 
In the Interim Report, Metso Outotec restated the operating profits of Minerals and Metals for the year ended 31 December 2021 to reflect the 
transfer of the Hydrometallurgy business from Metals to Minerals as discussed under “—Group Structure” above. The table above includes 
non-restated figure for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020. Accordingly, the operating profits of Minerals and Metals for the years 
ended 31 December 2021 and 2020 in the table above are not directly comparable with the operating profits of Minerals and Metals for the 
nine months ended 30 September 2022 and 2021. For the year ended 31 December 2021, the restated operating profits were EUR 311 million 
for Minerals and EUR 13 million for Metals. 
Ratings 
Metso Outotec has obtained issuer credit ratings from both Moody’s and S&P. Moody’s has assigned Metso Outotec a 
‘Baa2’ long-term issuer rating with the outlook ‘stable’. On 23 February 2022, S&P affirmed its ‘BBB-’ long-term issuer 
credit rating for Metso Outotec and revised its outlook from ‘stable’ to ‘positive’. 
Strategy and Financial Targets 
Purpose, Vision and Values 
Metso Outotec’s purpose is to enable sustainable modern life. Metso Outotec aims to become an industry-leading company 
with strong focus on growth and profitability. Its products and services are used in aggregates and minerals processes and 
in metals refining to produce materials that are needed to promote sustainable modern life.

--- Page 105 ---
97 
 
 
Metso Outotec’s businesses are driven by the trends of urbanisation, electrification, sustainability and resource scarcity. 
Metso Outotec aims to create solutions to accelerate sustainability in the industries in which it operates. 
Metso Outotec’s vision is to be its customers’ number one choice for sustainable use of the earth’s natural resources. Metso 
Outotec aims to deliver service, reliability, innovation and results – safely, and to be the partner for positive change. It aims 
to be a valuable partner for its customers and to help them to succeed. 
Metso Outotec has also identified the following four values: 
● 
High ambition – always; 
● 
Customer in centre; 
● 
Getting it done – together; and 
● 
Open and honest. 
Growth in Key Customer Segments 
Metso Outotec’s key customer segments are aggregates, minerals processing and certain areas of metals refining. It believes 
that its target markets offer attractive growth prospects and have significant potential for further growth and development 
of the aftermarket business. Several recognised global megatrends, like urbanisation, infrastructure projects, electrification 
of societies and climate change mitigation, are expected to support market growth. 
Metso Outotec’s primary target in the selected segments is to develop its product and service business by leveraging its 
comprehensive process expertise. In order to reduce business risks and to improve profitability, extensive project deliveries 
will be limited when they include other than Metso Outotec’s own technology and expertise. 
Metso Outotec aims to grow both organically and inorganically. Its focus areas for growth include products with high 
aftermarket potential, sustainable offering, automation and digitalisation. Metso Outotec aims to grow by expanding its 
offering and by growing the market share of its offering. Metso Outotec expects its focus on customer success to also 
support its growth. Metso Outotec invests in R&D, with a particular focus on sustainable technologies. 
Four Priority Areas of Strategy Implementation 
Metso Outotec’s strategy is focused on the following four priority areas: 
● 
Financial performance. 
● 
Customer success. 
● 
Sustainability. 
● 
Performance culture. 
These priority areas are visible in each business area’s action plans and their realisation is measured and managed with 
several performance indicators. 
Financial profitability to a New Level 
Metso Outotec aims to create value for stakeholders through the following financial targets: 
● 
adjusted EBITA margin of >15 per cent over the cycle(1); 
● 
maintaining an ‘investment-grade’ credit rating(2); 
● 
dividend pay-out of at least 50 per cent of earnings per share; and 
● 
progress in sustainability in alignment with the 1.5 degree Celsius commitment. 
__________ 
(1) 
Metso Outotec expects this target to be achieved through the combination of integrating cost synergies, business specific actions, revenue 
synergies and changes in Metso Outotec’s portfolio, including the divestment of the Recycling business and/or changes in the Metals business. 
(2) 
Metso Outotec aims to improve its profitability and its net working capital efficiency, especially as Metso Outotec expects that a period of 
higher growth capital expenditure is coming to an end. 
These financial targets are not guarantees of future financial performance. Metso Outotec’s actual results of operations 
could differ materially from those expressed or implied by these targets as a result of many factors, including but not

--- Page 106 ---
98 
 
 
limited to described under “Risk Factors”. Any targets discussed herein are targets only and are not, and should not 
viewed as, forecasts, projections, estimates or views of the Metso Outotec’s future performance. 
Sustainability Leadership 
Metso Outotec aims to be a sustainability leader in its industry. It strives for a net positive impact on the planet and is 
committed to limiting global warming to 1.5 degrees Celsius. Metso Outotec’s strategy identifies sustainability as one of 
its four strategic priorities. Metso Outotec’s sustainability agenda and related action plans are aligned with the UN 
Sustainable Development Goals. The most material issues for Metso Outotec’s sustainability agenda are Metso Outotec’s 
sustainable offering and innovations, and its commitment to being a responsible and trusted partner. 
Metso Outotec has adopted the following targets: 
● 
net zero carbon dioxide emissions from its own operations by 2030, and a decrease of 50 per cent by 2024 as 
compared to the 2019 baseline; 
● 
100 per cent of R&D spend on projects with energy efficiency, emissions, water or safety targets; 
● 
30 per cent of suppliers (in terms of spend) with science-based emissions targets by 2025; 
● 
20 per cent of logistics emissions reduced by 2025 as compared to the 2019 baseline; and 
● 
Sales of Metso Outotec’s sustainability focused Planet Positive offering to grow faster than overall sales. 
For additional information, see the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework. 
Debt Maturity 
The following table sets forth the estimated scheduled maturities of Metso Outotec’s debt obligations as at 30 September 
2022, assuming that all credit lines available to Metso Outotec had been fully-drawn down as at such date: 
 
2022 
2023 
2024 
2025 
2026 
2027 
2028 
2029 
 
(EUR in millions) 
Senior Unsecured Notes (Eurobond) ...........  
- 
- 
300 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Senior Unsecured Notes (Eurobond) ...........  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
300 
- 
Senior Unsecured Notes (Private 
Placements) .................................................  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Bank Term Loans ........................................  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
EIB R&D Loan ............................................  
- 
- 
- 
40 
- 
- 
- 
- 
NIB ..............................................................  
- 
- 
10 
18 
18 
18 
18 
18 
Short-term Debt    ........................................  
87 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Commercial Papers ......................................  
251 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Syndicated Revolving Credit .......................  
- 
- 
- 
- 
600 
- 
- 
- 
 
Material Contracts 
There are no contracts entered into by Metso Outotec nor any of Metso Outotec’s consolidated subsidiaries that could result 
in the Issuer or its consolidated subsidiaries being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Issuer’s ability 
to meet its obligations to the Noteholders. 
Share Capital and Shares 
As at 31 October 2022, the Issuer’s fully paid share capital was EUR 107,186,442.52 and it was divided into 
828,972,440 shares. The Issuer has one class of shares with equal rights for voting and dividends. The Issuer’s shares are 
listed on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
Several lawsuits, legal claims and disputes based on various grounds are pending against Metso Outotec in various countries 
related, among other things, to Metso Outotec’s products, projects, other operations and customer receivables. However, 
other than as described below, the Issuer neither is nor has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the 
12 months before the date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on 
the Issuer’s and/or the Group’s financial position or profitability.

--- Page 107 ---
99 
 
 
Negotiations Relating to the Ilmenite Smelter Project 
Outotec announced in 2012 that it had agreed with Cristal Global, a global titanium dioxide pigment producer, on the 
design, delivery, construction and installation of the Ilmenite Smelter to be located in Saudi Arabia. The overall contract 
value was expected to exceed EUR 350 million. Outotec’s scope of delivery included basic and detail engineering, process 
technology, supply of equipment, equipment installation as well as the construction and commissioning of the Ilmenite 
Smelter. The Ilmenite Smelter plant was scheduled to be operational in 2014, after which Outotec was to provide certain 
maintenance services for the first two years with an option to continue. 
The Ilmenite Smelter delivery included two large furnaces, both of which had challenges during the original start-ups in 
2015 and 2016. The first furnace was rebuilt, but due to problems during the start-up phase in the fourth quarter of 2018, 
start-up was discontinued. Outotec announced in October 2018 that it has agreed to work together with the customer to 
examine and identify the root causes of the problems in the first furnace. Negotiations concerning the Ilmenite Smelter 
project have been ongoing in cooperation with the customer. The first furnace was started up in November 2021, and it is 
in operation and is producing ilmenite slag as at the date of this Base Prospectus. The second furnace was started up in 
September 2015, but it encountered various problems starting in November 2015 and it was shut down in August 2016. 
The second furnace has not been operational since 2016. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the second furnace has not 
undergone any further work. 
In February 2019, Outotec announced that it has recorded a EUR 110 million provision for possible costs relating to the 
Ilmenite Smelter project. The provision was based on progress made with the root causes analysis of the furnace and was 
recorded in Outotec’s fourth quarter 2018 result. Factors such as contractual position and other factual circumstances will 
ultimately determine the eventual liability and financial impact of this project for Metso Outotec. 
UK Waste-to-Energy Projects 
In relation to the UK waste-to-energy projects from 2015, in addition to delayed delivery and non-performance claims, the 
customer is claiming fraudulent misrepresentation and deliberate breach in its claims and lawsuits. Although Metso Outotec 
believes it can protect itself against these claims and lawsuits, there is no certainty that additional liabilities will not 
materialise. 
Management 
Pursuant to the Finnish Companies Act and Metso Outotec’s Articles of Association, Metso Outotec’s control and 
management is divided among its shareholders, Board of Directors, and President and Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”). 
In addition, the Executive Team assists Metso Outotec’s President and CEO in the day-to-day management of Metso 
Outotec. Shareholders can contact Metso Outotec’s management and Board of Directors through Metso Outotec’s Investor 
Relations Department. 
Shareholders’ Nomination Board 
The Issuer has established a Nomination Board, which prepares proposals regarding the composition of the Board of 
Directors and remuneration to its members for the Annual General Meetings. The Nomination Board must ensure that the 
Board of Directors represents a sufficient level of competence and expertise for the needs of the Company, and for this 
purpose to prepare proposals for the election and remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors to the Annual 
General Meeting. In its work, the Nomination Board must comply with all statutory and self-regulatory requirements, 
including the Finnish Corporate Governance Code and the stock exchange rules applicable to the Company. 
The Shareholders’ Nomination Board comprises representatives nominated by the four largest shareholders of the Issuer 
and the Chairman of the Board of Directors. The right to nominate representatives is vested with the four shareholders of 
the Issuer having the largest share of the votes represented by all the shares in the Issuer annually on 15 August based on 
the Issuer’s shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. However, if a shareholder who has distributed its holdings 
(e.g., into several funds) and has an obligation under the Finnish Securities Markets Act to take these holdings into account 
when disclosing changes in share of ownership makes a written request to such effect to the Board of Directors no later 
than on 15 August, such shareholder’s holdings in several funds or registers will be combined when calculating the share 
of votes which determines the nomination right. Should a shareholder not wish to exercise its nomination right, the right 
shall be transferred to the next largest shareholder who otherwise would not be entitled to nominate a member. 
On 17 August 2022, Metso Outotec announced that the Issuer’s four largest shareholders had nominated the following 
representatives for the Nomination Board: Annareetta Lumme-Timonen, Investment Director at Solidium Oy; Niko 
Pakalén, Partner at Cevian Capital AB; Mikko Mursula, Deputy CEO, Investments of Ilmarinen Mutual Pension Insurance 
Company; and Risto Murto, President and CEO of Varma Mutual Pension Insurance Company. Pursuant to the charter of 
the Nomination Board, the Chairman of the Board of Directors, Kari Stadigh, is the fifth member of the Nomination Board.

--- Page 108 ---
100 
 
 
The Chairman of the Board of Directors convenes the first meeting of the Shareholders’ Nomination Board, and the person 
nominated by the largest shareholder shall act as the Chairman of the Nomination Board, unless otherwise decided by the 
Nomination Board. Thereafter, the Chairman of the Nomination Board convenes the Nomination Board. 
The Shareholders’ Nomination Board shall give its proposals relating to the composition of the Board of Directors and the 
remuneration of the Board of Directors to the Board of Directors no later than on 31 January preceding the Annual General 
Meeting of shareholders (the “Annual General Meeting”). The term of office of the members of the Shareholders’ 
Nomination Board expires annually after the new Shareholders’ Nomination Board has been appointed. 
Board of Directors 
The Issuer’s Board of Directors and President and CEO are responsible for the management of Metso Outotec. Other 
executives have an assisting and supporting role. The Issuer’s Board of Directors seeks to ensure that good corporate 
governance practice is applied within Metso Outotec. The Issuer’s Board of Directors is composed of at least five and no 
more than ten members. The Issuer’s Board of Directors currently consists of ten members, each of whom were 
conditionally elected in the respective Annual General Meetings of Metso and Outotec. The members of the Board of 
Directors are elected for a term ending at the closure of the next Annual General Meeting of Metso Outotec. The members 
of the Board of Directors may be appointed or removed only by a shareholders’ resolution at a General Meeting of 
shareholders. 
The following table sets forth the name, position and year of birth of the members of the Issuer’s Board of Directors as at 
the date of this Base Prospectus: 
 
Position 
Year of birth 
Kari Stadigh ........................................................................................... 
Chair of the Board of Directors 
1955 
Klaus Cawén .......................................................................................... 
Vice Chair of the Board of Directors 
1957 
Brian Beamish ....................................................................................... 
Member 
1956 
Christer Gardell ..................................................................................... 
Member 
1960 
Terhi Koipijärvi ..................................................................................... 
Member 
1967 
Antti Mäkinen ........................................................................................ 
Member 
1961 
Ian W. Pearce ......................................................................................... 
Member 
1957 
Emanuela Speranza ................................................................................ 
Member 
1968 
Arja Talma ............................................................................................. 
Member 
1962 
 
Kari Stadigh has been Chair of the Issuer’s Board of Directors and a member of the Remuneration & HR Committee since 
2021, and a member of the Issuer’s Board of Directors since 2020. 
Mr Stadigh is Chairman of the Board of Directors of Saxo Bank A/S. He was Vice Chair of the Board of Directors of Nokia 
Corporation in 2020–2022, of which he was a member in 2011–2022. He was also Chair of the Corporate Governance and 
Nomination Committee of Nokia Corporation in 2014–2022, a member of the Personnel Committee of Nokia Corporation 
in 2011–2022 and Chair of both of these committees in 2020-2022. 
Mr Stadigh holds a Master of Science degree in Engineering and a Bachelor of Business Administration degree. He is a 
Finnish citizen. 
Klaus Cawén has been Vice Chair of the Issuer’s Board of Directors since 2021, and a member of the Issuer’s Board of 
Directors and the Audit & Risk Committee since 2020. 
Mr Cawén is Executive Advisor at KONE Corporation; a member of the Boards of Directors of Toshiba Elevator and 
Building Systems Corporation, East Office of Finnish Industries Ltd and Antti Ahlström Perilliset Oy; and Senior Advisor 
at DevCo Partners Oy. 
Mr Cawén holds Master of Laws degrees from Columbia University and the University of Helsinki. He is a Finnish citizen. 
Brian Beamish has been a member of the Issuer’s Board of Directors and the Remuneration and HR Committee since 2022. 
Mr Beamish holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering. He is a British and South African citizen. 
Christer Gardell has been a member of the Issuer’s Board of Directors and the Remuneration and HR Committee since 
2020. 
Mr Gardell is Managing Partner and co-founder of Cevian Capital. 
Mr Gardell holds a Master of Science degree in Business Administration and Economics. He is a Swedish citizen. 
Terhi Koipijärvi has been a member of the Issuer’s Board of Directors and the Audit & Risk Committee since 2022.

--- Page 109 ---
101 
 
 
Ms Koipijärvi is Director (communications, strategy, and responsibility) at Metsähallitus. She is Chair of the Board of 
Directors of FIBS and a member of the Board of Directors of Green Resources AS (East Africa). 
Ms Koipijärvi holds a Master of Science degree in Forestry. She is a Finnish citizen. 
Antti Mäkinen has been a member of the Issuer’s Board of Directors and the Chair of the Remuneration and HR Committee 
since 2020. 
Mr Mäkinen is Chair of the Board of Directors of Stora Enso Oyj and a member of the Boards of Directors of Rake Oy and 
Rake Real Estate Oy. 
Mr Mäkinen holds a Master of Laws degree. He is a Finnish citizen. 
Ian W. Pearce has been a member of the Issuer’s Board of Directors since 2020 and a member of the Audit & Risk 
Committee since 2021. 
Mr Pearce is Senior Advisor to the Board of Directors of KoBold Metals, Chair of the Boards of Directors of Newgold Inc. 
and MineSense Technologies Ltd, Advisor to the Board of Directors of MineSense Technologies Ltd and a member of the 
Boards of Directors of NextSource Inc. and Northland Power Inc. 
Mr Pearce holds a Bachelor of Science degree. He is a Canadian citizen. 
Emanuela Speranza has been a member of the Issuer’s Board of Directors since 2020 and a member of the Audit & Risk 
Committee since 2021. 
Ms Speranza is Chief Commercial Officer of Ametek Inc. 
Ms Speranza holds a Master of Science degree in Technology. She is an Italian citizen. 
Arja Talma has been a member of the Issuer’s Board of Directors and the Chair of the Audit & Risk Committee since 2020. 
Ms Talma is Chair of the Board of Directors of Verkkokauppa.com Oyj and a member of the Boards of Directors of Nordea 
Bank Abp and Glaston Corporation. 
Ms Talma holds a Master of Science degree and an eMBA. She is a Finnish citizen. 
The business address for the Issuer’s Board of Directors is Töölönlahdenkatu 2, P.O. Box 1220, FI-00101 Helsinki, 
Finland. All members of the Board of Directors have been assessed to be independent of the Issuer and its significant 
shareholders, except for Antti Mäkinen and Terhi Koipijärvi, who have been assessed to be independent of the Issuer but 
not independent of its significant shareholders. 
Chief Executive Officer and the Executive Team 
The Issuer’s Board of Directors appoints Metso Outotec’s President and CEO, who is in charge of the management of 
Metso Outotec’s business in accordance with the provisions of the Finnish Companies Act and the instructions given by 
the Board of Directors. 
The President and CEO’s main task is to lead the daily operations of Metso Outotec with the assistance of the Executive 
Team to secure the company’s success. The President and CEO is appointed – and, if necessary, dismissed – by the Board 
of Directors. The President and CEO reports to the Board of Directors and keeps it sufficiently informed about Metso 
Outotec’s financial situation, business environment and other significant issues. The President and CEO prepares the 
matters on the agenda of the Board of Directors and its committees and implements the decisions made by the Board of 
Directors and its committees. The President and CEO also acts as the Chairman for the Executive Team. The President and 
CEO and other members designated by the Board of Directors form the Executive Team. The Executive Team assists the 
President and CEO in the preparation of matters such as Metso Outotec’s business plans, strategy, policies and other matters 
of joint importance within the Group’s reporting segments and the Group. The Executive Team will convene when called 
by the President and CEO.

--- Page 110 ---
102 
 
 
The following table lists the names of the members of Metso Outotec’s Executive Team, their current responsibilities 
within Metso Outotec and their year of birth: 
 
Position 
Year of birth 
Pekka Vauramo ...................................................................................... 
President and Chief Executive Officer 
1957 
Markku Simula ...................................................................................... 
President, Aggregates 
1966 
Markku Teräsvasara ............................................................................... 
President, Minerals and Deputy to the 
Chief Executive Officer 
1965 
Piia Karhu .............................................................................................. 
President, Metals 
1976 
Sami Takaluoma .................................................................................... 
President, Services 
1973 
Heikki Metsälä ....................................................................................... 
President, Consumables 
1983 
Eeva Sipilä ............................................................................................. 
Chief Financial Officer and Deputy to the 
Chief Executive Officer 
1973 
Nina Kiviranta ....................................................................................... 
General Counsel 
1964 
Carita Himberg ...................................................................................... 
Senior Vice President, Human Resources 
1972 
 
Pekka Vauramo has been President and CEO of Metso Outotec and a member of the Executive Team since 2020. On 28 
October 2020, Metso Outotec announced that Mr Vauramo would continue as President and CEO of Metso Outotec until 
the end of 2023. 
Mr Vauramo was President and CEO of Metso in 2018–2020. He was President and CEO of Finnair Corporation in 2013–
2018; held several leading positions at Cargotec Corporation in 2007–2013, Sandvik AB in 1995–2007 and Tamrock 
Corporation in 1985–1995; and was Mine Design Engineer at Outokumpu Corporation in 1982–1985. 
Mr Vauramo has been a member of the Boards of Directors of Nokian Tyres plc since 2018. 
Mr Vauramo holds a Master of Science degree in Mining Engineering. He is a Finnish citizen. 
Markku Simula has been President of Metso Outotec’s Aggregates business area and a member of the Metso Outotec 
Executive Team since 2020. 
At Metso, Mr Simula was President of Aggregates Equipment business area in 2017–2020, Senior Vice President in the 
Aggregates business line in 2016–2017, Senior Vice President in the Oil and Gas business line in 2014–2015 and President 
of the Flow Control business unit in 2008–2014. He held various international management positions at Metso Automation, 
Neles Automation, Neles Controls and Neles-Jamesbury in 1991–2008. 
Mr Simula has been a member of the Board of Directors of Vexve Armatury Group Oy since 2020. 
Mr Simula holds a Master of Science degree in Engineering. He is a Finnish citizen. 
Markku Teräsvasara has been President of Metso Outotec’s Minerals business area since 2021, and Deputy to the CEO 
and a member of the Executive Team since 2020. 
Mr Teräsvasara was President of Metso Outotec’s Services business area and Deputy to the CEO in 2020–2021. He was 
President and CEO of Outotec in 2016–2020. At Atlas Copco AB, Mr Teräsvasara was President of the Mining and Rock 
Excavation Service Division in 2014–2016 and President of the Surface Drilling Equipment Division in 2011–2013. He 
was General Manager of Atlas Copco CMT Sweden AB in 2008–2011 and Vice President, Marketing of the Surface 
Drilling Equipment (SDE) division of Atlas Copco in 2004–2008. 
Mr Teräsvasara has been a member of the Board of Directors of Robit Plc since 2022. 
Mr Teräsvasara holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Civil engineering. He is a Finnish citizen. 
Piia Karhu has been President of Metso Outotec’s Metals business area since 2022, and a member of the Executive Team 
since 2020. 
Ms Karhu was Senior Vice President, Business Development of Metso Outotec in 2020–2022. Ms Karhu held various 
leadership positions at Finnair Corporation in 2013–2020, including the position of Senior Vice President, Customer 
Experience in 2016–2020. Prior to that, she worked as a management consultant for 12 years. 
Ms Karhu has been a member of the Board of Directors and the Audit Committee of Kesko Corporation since 2018. 
Ms Karhu holds a Doctor of Science degree in Business Administration. She is a Finnish citizen. 
Sami Takaluoma has been President of Metso Outotec’s Services business area since 2021, and a member of the Executive 
Team since 2020.

--- Page 111 ---
103 
 
 
Mr Takaluoma was President of Metso Outotec’s Consumables business area in 2020–2021. At Metso, he was President 
of the Minerals Consumables business area in 2017–2020, Vice President, Market area Nordics in 2014–2017 and General 
Manager, Market Area UK & Ireland in 2010–2014, and he held various management positions in the Wears Business line 
in 2003–2010. 
Mr Takaluoma holds a Master of Science degree in Engineering. He is a Finnish citizen. 
Heikki Metsälä has been President of Metso Outotec’s Consumables business area and a member of the Executive Team 
since 2021. 
Mr Metsälä was Senior Vice President, Mill and Chute Lining Business Line at Metso Outotec in 2020–2021. At Metso, 
he was Senior Vice President, Grinding and Lining Consumables in 2019–2020; Senior Vice President, Mining 
Consumables in 2017–2019; Sales and Service Director Finland in 2016–2017; Regional Manager, Life Cycle Services in 
2015; and Product Manager and Maintenance Planner, Life Cycle Services in 2010–2015. Mr Metsälä was Development 
and Site Manager at Destia Oy in 2007–2010. 
Mr Metsälä holds a Master of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering. He is a Finnish citizen. 
Eeva Sipilä has been CFO and Deputy to the CEO of Metso Outotec and a member of the Executive Team since 2020. 
Ms Sipilä was CFO and Deputy to the CEO of Metso in 2016–2020. At Cargotec Corporation, she was CFO in 2008–2016 
and Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications in 2005–2008. Ms Sipilä was Vice President, Investor 
Relations at Metso in 2002–2005 and Equity Analyst at Mandatum, Sampo-Leonia and Leonia Bank in 1999–2002. 
Ms Sipilä has been a member of the Board of Directors and the Chairman of Audit Committee of Neste Corporation since 
2022 and a member of the Supervisory Board of Varma Mutual Pension Insurance Company since 2021. 
Ms Sipilä holds a Master of Science degree in Economics and a Certified European Financial Analyst degree. She is a 
Finnish citizen. 
Nina Kiviranta has been General Counsel of Metso Outotec and a member of the Executive Board since 2020. 
Ms Kiviranta was General Counsel of Outotec in 2013–2020. She was Head of Corporate Legal and Chief Compliance 
Officer at Nokia Siemens Networks Oy (currently Nokia Networks) in 2006–2013; General Counsel, Vice President, Legal 
and Legal Counsel at M-real Corporation (currently Metsä Group) in 1996–2006; Associate at Attorneys at Law Ahola, 
Penzin, Rantasila & Sokka Oy in 1994–1996; and Finnish Attorney at Attorneys at Law Smith, Gambrell & Russell Ltd in 
1992–1994. 
Ms Kiviranta holds a Master of Laws degree. She is a Finnish Citizen. 
Carita Himberg has been Senior Vice President, Human Resources and a member of the Executive Team since 2020. 
Ms Himberg was Senior Vice President, Human Resources, Packaging Materials Division at Stora Enso Oyj in 2019–2020. 
She held Global Human Resources Director roles at Microsoft Corporation in 2014–2019 and Nokia Corporation in 2008–
2014. Ms Himberg was Vice President, HR Development at Outokumpu Oyj in 2007–2008 and held Human Resources 
Director roles at Microsoft Corporation in 2004–2007 and Human Resources Management roles at Novartis in 1999–2004. 
Ms Himberg holds a Master of Business Administration degree and a Master of Science degree in Technology. She is a 
Finnish citizen. 
The business address for Metso Outotec’s Executive Team is Töölönlahdenkatu 2, P.O. Box 1220, FI-00101 Helsinki, 
Finland. 
Conflicts of Interest 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties of the members of the administrative, management or 
supervisory bodies of Metso Outotec towards Metso Outotec and their private interests and/or other duties.

--- Page 112 ---
104 
 
 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
The following table sets forth the number and percentage of shares in the Issuer owned by the Issuer’s largest shareholders 
as at 31 October 2022 based on the Issuer’s shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd, unless otherwise 
indicated: 
 
Number  
of shares 
Percentage 
 
 
(per cent) 
Solidium Oy .................................................................................................................................  
123,477,168 
14.9 
Cevian Capital Partners Ltd. ........................................................................................................  
64,443,342 
7.8 
 
Except as set forth in the table above, Metso Outotec is not aware of any other person or entity that owns more than 
5 per cent of the shares in the Issuer. To the extent known to Metso Outotec, Metso Outotec is not, directly or indirectly, 
owned or controlled by any one person.

--- Page 113 ---
105 
 
 
TAXATION 
Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries’ tax laws could be relevant to 
acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the 
Notes and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries. In particular, Noteholders should be 
aware that they may be liable to taxation under the laws of other jurisdictions in relation to payments in respect of the Notes 
even if such payments will be exempt from all Finnish taxes. 
The following is a general guide and should be treated with appropriate caution. Noteholders who are in any doubt as 
to their tax position should consult their professional advisers. 
This overview is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law or 
practice that may take effect after such date. 
Republic of Finland 
The following is a general description of certain Finnish tax considerations relating to the Notes. It does not purport to be 
a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, whether in the Republic of Finland or elsewhere. 
Prospective Noteholders should be aware that the particular terms of issue of any series of Notes as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms may affect the tax treatment of that and other series of Notes. Also, below tax considerations discuss treatment 
of non-residents of Finland only. 
Under present Finnish law, payments of the principal of, and interest (if any) on, the Notes will be exempt from all taxes, 
duties, fees and imposts of whatever nature, imposed or levied by or within the Republic of Finland or by any province, 
municipality or other political sub-division or taxing authority thereof and therein, except when the Holder of the Note or 
Coupon to which any such payment relates is subject to such taxation thereon by reason of such Holder being connected 
with the Republic of Finland otherwise than solely by his holding of such Note or Coupon or the receipt of income 
therefrom. 
Non-residents of Finland are not liable to pay Finnish capital gains tax on Notes that are not connected with a permanent 
or a fixed base in Finland. 
Transfers of Notes by a non-resident by way of a gift or by reason of the death of the Holder may be subject to Finnish gift 
or inheritance tax, respectively. 
Luxembourg 
The following information is of a general nature only and is based on the laws presently in force in Luxembourg, though 
it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. The information contained within this section 
is limited to Luxembourg withholding tax issues and prospective investors in the Notes should therefore consult their own 
professional advisers as to the effects of state, local or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be 
subject. 
Withholding Tax 
Non-resident Holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, premium or 
interest made to non-resident holders of the Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of the Notes, nor is any 
Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of the Notes held by non-resident holders of Notes. 
Resident Holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 2005 as amended (the 
“Law”), there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, premium or interest made to Luxembourg resident holders 
of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon 
redemption or repurchase of Notes held by Luxembourg resident holders of Notes. 
Under the Law, payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent established in Luxembourg to 
an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of Luxembourg will be subject to a withholding tax of 20 per cent. Such 
withholding tax will be in full discharge of income tax if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of the 
management of his/her private wealth. 
Responsibility for the withholding of the tax in application of the Law will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. 
Payments of interest under the Notes coming within the scope of the Law will be subject to a withholding tax at a rate of 
20 per cent.

--- Page 114 ---
106 
 
 
In addition, pursuant to the Law, Luxembourg resident individuals can opt to self-declare and pay a 20 per cent tax on 
payment of interest or similar incomes made or ascribed by paying agents located outside Luxembourg, in a Member State 
of either the EU or the EEA. The 20 per cent tax is final when Luxembourg resident individuals are acting in the context 
of the management of their private wealth. 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax (“FTT”) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s Proposal”) for a Directive for 
a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (each 
other than Estonia, a “Participating Member State”). However, Estonia has ceased to participate. 
The Commission’s proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in Notes (including 
secondary’ market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of Notes should, however, be 
exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal, FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside of the 
Participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at least one party is a financial 
institution, and at least one party is established in a Participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be 
deemed to be, “established” in a Participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting 
with a person established in a Participating Member State, or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the 
dealings is issued in a Participating Member State. 
However, the Commission’s Proposal remains subject to negotiation between Participating Member States. It may therefore 
be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member States may decide to 
participate. Prospective Noteholders are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 115 ---
107 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., BNP 
Paribas, Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, HSBC Bank plc, Nordea Bank Abp, OP 
Corporate Bank plc, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) and Standard Chartered Bank AG (the “Dealers”). The 
arrangements under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and subscribed by, Dealer(s) 
are set out in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 22 November 2022 (the “Dealer Agreement”) and made 
between the Issuer and the Dealers. Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and 
conditions of the relevant Notes, the price at which such Notes will be subscribed by the Dealers and the commissions or 
other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such subscription. The Dealer Agreement 
makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional 
or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
United States of America 
Regulation S Category 2: TEFRA D or TEFRA C as Specified in the Relevant Final Terms or Neither if TEFRA is 
Specified as Not Applicable in the Relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or 
its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in 
this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States Internal Revenue Code, as amended, and regulations 
thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes, (i) as part 
of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the Notes 
comprising the relevant Tranche within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such 
Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period relating thereto a 
confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any offer or sale of 
Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms (or, as the case may be, Pricing Supplement (in the case of Non PR Notes) or Drawdown Prospectus) 
in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has 
represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, 
warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement (in the case of Non PR Notes) (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown 
Prospectus) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms (or, as the case may be, Pricing Supplement (in the case of Non PR Notes) or Drawdown Prospectus) 
in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has 
represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, 
warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement (in the case of Non PR Notes) (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown 
Prospectus) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK.

--- Page 116 ---
108 
 
 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 
to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. 
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional United Kingdom Securities Laws 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by 
the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or 
cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which 
section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 
of 1948, as amended, the “FIEA”). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will 
not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan or to others for 
re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. 
As used in this paragraph, “resident of Japan” means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other 
entity organised under the laws of Japan. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it has not offered or sold any 
Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any 
Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or 
distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with 
the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in 
Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 
(Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, 
(ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person 
pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or 
(iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.

--- Page 117 ---
109 
 
 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business of 
which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each of 
whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each 
beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or 
the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six months after that 
corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
General 
With the exception of the approval by the CSSF of this Base Prospectus as a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 
of the EU Prospectus Regulation, no action has been or will be taken in any country or jurisdiction by the Issuer or the 
Dealers that would permit a public offering of Notes, or possession or distribution of any offering material in relation 
thereto, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Persons into whose hands this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms come are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and 
regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or have in their 
possession or distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at 
their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to any specific 
jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or change(s) in official 
interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be applicable but without prejudice to the 
obligations of the Dealers described above in the first paragraph of this section “—General”. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such supplement or 
modification, unless relevant only to a particular Tranche of Notes, will be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
With regard to each Tranche of Non PR Notes or Notes which are the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, the relevant 
Dealer will be required to comply with such other additional restrictions as the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall 
agree and as shall be set out in the applicable Pricing Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus.

--- Page 118 ---
110 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made to list Notes issued under the Programme on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and admit such Notes to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and may be admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system as the Issuer and the 
Relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, nor admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange nor admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation by any other competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Authorisations 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 27 October 
2020, and the update of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 27 
October 2022. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations 
in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes. 
Clearing of the Notes 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The appropriate common 
code and the International Securities Identification Number (“ISIN”), Financial Instrument Short Name (“FISN”) and 
Classification of Financial Instruments (“CFI”) code (as applicable) in relation to the Notes of each Tranche will be 
specified in the Final Terms relating thereto. The relevant Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system as shall have 
accepted the relevant Notes for clearance together with any further appropriate information. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier (“LEI”) code of the Issuer is 549300R0VN9C371W0E07. 
Clearing Systems 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium, and the 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, 
Luxembourg. The address of any alternative clearing system(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
No Significant Change and no Material Adverse Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Issuer or the Group since 
30 September 2022. 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2021. 
Independent Auditor 
The Full-year Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the EU, and have been 
audited in accordance with good auditing practice in Finland by Ernst & Young Oy, Authorised Public Accountant Firm, 
whose registered address is Alvar Aallon katu 5c, FI-00100 Helsinki, Finland. Mikko Järventausta, Authorised Public 
Accountant, was the principally responsible auditor in respect of the Full-year Financial Statements. The responsible 
partners at Ernst & Young Oy are registered in the auditor register in accordance with Chapter 6 Section 9 in the Finnish 
Auditing Act (1141/2015, as amended). 
Documents Available for Inspection 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes shall be outstanding, copies and (where applicable) English 
translations of the following documents may be inspected, free of charge, during normal business hours at the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent and Noteholders may obtain copies of the Deed of Covenant at their own cost from the registered 
office of the Issuer during normal business hours, and are also available on the Issuer’s website at www.mogroup.com: 
(a) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(b) 
the Deed of Covenant; 
(c) 
the constituting documents of the Issuer;

--- Page 119 ---
111 
 
 
(d) 
the Full-year Financial Statements and the Interim Report; 
(e) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or further Base Prospectus; 
(f) 
any Final Terms relating to Notes which are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. In the case of any Notes which are not admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, copies of the 
relevant Final Terms will only be available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders. For the avoidance of doubt, 
the Final Terms relating to any issue of Notes can be obtained at the office of the Paying Agent in Luxembourg 
and at the registered office of the Issuer; and 
(g) 
the Issuer-ICSDs Agreement (which is entered into between the Issuer and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg with respect to the settlement in Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg of Notes in New Global 
Note form. 
There is no trustee representing the Noteholders under this Programme. 
This Base Prospectus, and in the case of any Notes to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the relevant Final Terms, will be available 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). This Base Prospectus shall remain publicly available 
in electronic form for at least ten years after its publication. 
The Issuer’s Articles of Association are available at www.mogroup.com/investors/governance/articles-of-association/ for 
so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes shall be outstanding. 
Conditions for Determining Price 
Notes may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be 
determined by the Issuer and the Relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions 
and the issue price of the relevant Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. In the case of different Tranches of a 
Series of Notes, the issue price may include accrued interest in respect of the period from the interest commencement date 
of the relevant Tranche (which may be the issue date of the first Tranche of the Series or, if interest payment dates have 
already passed, the most recent interest payment date in respect of the Series) to the issue date of the relevant Tranche. 
The yield of each Tranche of Notes bearing interest at a fixed rate as set out in the relevant Final Terms will be calculated 
as of the relevant issue date on an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price. It is not an indication of future 
yield. 
Conflicts 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and their affiliates in the ordinary course 
of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under 
the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies 
on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general 
market risk, or other trading activities. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their 
affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. 
Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer’s affiliates. 
Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure 
to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would 
hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation 
of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could 
adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make 
investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial 
instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and 
instruments.

--- Page 120 ---
ISSUER 
 
Metso Outotec Corporation 
Töölönlahdenkatu 2 
FI-00100 Helsinki 
Finland 
 
 
FISCAL AGENT 
 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
 
To the Issuer as to Finnish and English law 
 
White & Case LLP 
 
Aleksanterinkatu 44 
5 Old Broad Street 
FI-00100 Helsinki 
London EC2N 1DW 
Finland 
United Kingdom 
 
To the Dealers as to English law 
 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
 
 
AUDITORS 
 
Ernst & Young Oy 
Alvar Aallon katu 5c 
FI-00100 Helsinki 
Finland 
 
 
ARRANGER 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom

--- Page 121 ---
DEALERS 
 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
BNP Paribas 
Ciudad BBVA 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
C/ Sauceda, 28 
75009 Paris 
Edifico Asia – 2nd Floor 
France 
28050, Madrid 
 
Spain 
 
 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Citigroup Centre 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
Canada Square 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Canary Wharf 
Germany 
London E14 5LB 
 
United Kingdom 
 
 
 
HSBC Bank plc 
Nordea Bank Abp 
8 Canada Square 
Satamaradankatu 5 
London E14 5HQ 
FI-00020 NORDEA 
United Kingdom 
Finland 
 
 
OP Corporate Bank plc 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Gebhardinaukio 1 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8 
FI-00510 Helsinki 
106 40 Stockholm 
Finland 
Sweden 
 
 
Standard Chartered Bank AG 
Taunusanlage 16 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
69, Route d’Esch 
L-2953 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg