--- Page 1 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
1
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
HMH Holding B.V. 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Joint Lead Managers: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Amsterdam, October 26 2022

--- Page 2 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
2
Important information 
 
The Base Prospectus is based on sources such as annual reports and publicly available information and forward-
looking information based on current expectations, estimates and projections about global economic conditions, as 
well as the economic conditions of the regions and industries that are major markets for HMH Holding B.V.’s (the 
Company) and Guarantors’ (including subsidiaries and affiliates) lines of business. 
 
A prospective investor should consider carefully the factors set forth in Chapter 1 Risk factors, and elsewhere in the 
Prospectus, and should consult his or her own expert advisers as to the suitability of an investment in the bonds. 
 
IMPORTANT – EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any bonds includes a legend 
titled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" and/or "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the bonds 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (‘EEA’) and/or in the United Kingdom (the 
“UK”). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the 
PRIIPs Regulation) (and for UK, as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation)) 
for offering or selling the bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA and/or the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA and/or the UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation and/ or the UK PRIIPS Regulation. 
 
MiFID II product governance and/or UK MiFIR product governance – The Final Terms in respect of any bonds 
will include a legend titled “MiFID II product governance” and/or “UK MiFIR product governance” which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the bonds and which channels for distribution of the bonds are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the bonds (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
 
This Base Prospectus is subject to the general business terms of the Joint Lead Managers, available at their 
websites (www.dnb.no, www.nordea.no , www.paretosec.com and www.seb.no).  
 
The Joint Lead Managers and/or any of their affiliated companies and/or officers, directors and employees may be 
a market maker or hold a position in any instrument or related instrument discussed in this Base Prospectus and 
may perform or seek to perform financial advisory or banking services related to such instruments. The Joint Lead 
Managers' corporate finance department may act as manager or co-manager for this Company and/or Guarantors 
in private and/or public placement and/or resale not publicly available or commonly known.   
 
Copies of this Base Prospectus are not being mailed or otherwise distributed or sent in or into or made available in 
the United States. Persons receiving this document (including custodians, nominees and trustees) must not 
distribute or send such documents or any related documents in or into the United States. 
 
Other than in compliance with applicable United States securities laws, no solicitations are being made or will be 
made, directly or indirectly, in the United States. Securities will not be registered under the United States Securities 
Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the United States without registration or an applicable exemption from 
registration requirements. 
 
The distribution of the Base Prospectus may be limited by law also in other jurisdictions, for example in non-EEA 
countries. Approval of the Base Prospectus by Finanstilsynet (the Norwegian FSA) implies that the Base Prospectus 
may be used in any EEA country. No other measures have been taken to obtain authorisation to distribute the Base 
Prospectus in any jurisdiction where such action is required. 
 
The Base Prospectus dated October 26 2022 together with a Final Terms and any supplements to these documents 
constitute the Prospectus. 
 
The content of this Base Prospectus does not constitute legal, financial or tax advice and potential investors should 
seek legal, financial and/or tax advice. 
 
Unless otherwise stated, this Base Prospectus is subject to Norwegian law. In the event of any dispute regarding 
the Base Prospectus, Norwegian law will apply.

--- Page 3 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
3
TABLE OF CONTENTS:  
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE BASE PROSPECTUS ..............................................................................4 
1 RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................5 
2 DEFINITIONS ................................................................................................................. 12 
3 PERSONS RESPONSIBLE .................................................................................................. 14 
4 INDEPENDENT AUDITORS ................................................................................................ 15 
5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER AND THE GUARANTORS ................................................ 16 
6 BUSINESS OVERVIEW ..................................................................................................... 20 
7 ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE ........................................................................................ 37 
8 TREND INFORMATION ..................................................................................................... 40 
9 ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES ............................................. 41 
10 MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS ................................................................................................ 52 
11 FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE COMPANY'S AND THE GUARANTORS’ 
ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES................ 54 
12 DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE ................................................................................................ 59 
13 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS THAT CAN BE ISSUED UNDER THE BASE PROSPECTUS ................ 60 
14 THIRD PARTY INFORMATION AND STATEMENT BY EXPERTS AND DECLARATIONS OF 
ANY INTEREST ....................................................................................................... 70 
JOINT LEAD MANAGERS' DISCLAIMER ................................................................................. 71 
ANNEX 1 MEMORANDUM AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION .................................................... 72 
ANNEX 2 FINANCIAL INFORMATION .................................................................................... 73 
ANNEX 3 TEMPLATE FOR FINAL TERMS FOR FIXED AND FLOATING RATE BONDS ...................... 74

--- Page 4 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
4
Description of the Base Prospectus 
 
Under this Base Prospectus (as supplemented and amended from time to time), the Issuer may from time to time 
issue and list bonds (“Bonds”) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant dealer.  
The Bonds will be issued on a senior basis as secured or unsecured, with fixed or floating interest rate. The 
Bonds may have put- and call options and they may be green or sustainability-linked. 
The Bonds will be electronically registered in the Norwegian Central Securities Depository or any other CSD that 
allows for bonds issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form. 
There is no limit with regard to the maximum aggregate nominal amount of all bonds from time to time 
outstanding under the prospectus. However, each issue of bonds will have either a given borrowing amount in the 
case where there is only one tranche, or a given borrowing limit in the case of more than one tranche.     
The Bonds may be issued on a continuing basis to any dealer that the Issuer decides upon.  
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway as competent 
authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”) as a base prospectus 
issued in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation for the purpose of giving information with regard to the 
bonds issued under the prospectus. The Base Prospectus is valid within twelve months from the date of the Base 
Prospectus. 
 
Information on website(s) mentioned in the Base Prospectus/the Final Terms does not form part of the Base 
Prospectus/the Final Terms unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus/the 
Final Terms.

--- Page 5 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
5
1 Risk factors   
Investing in bonds issued by HMH Holding B.V. and guaranteed by the Guarantors involves inherent risks.   
 
As the Company is the parent company of the Group, and a holding company, the risk factors for the Group are 
deemed to be equivalent for the purpose of this Base Prospectus. 
 
For the purpose of this document, the risk factors for the Company and the Guarantors are deemed to be 
equivalent. 
 
The risks and uncertainties described in the Prospectus are risks of which the Company is aware and that the 
Company considers to be material to its business. If any of these risks were to occur, the Company’s and/or the 
Guarantor’s business, financial position, operating results or cash flows could be materially adversely affected, 
and the Company and/or Guarantors could be unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in 
connection with the bonds. Prospective investors should carefully consider, among other things, the risk factors 
set out in this Base Prospectus, before making an investment decision.  
 
An investment in the bonds is suitable only for investors who understand the risk factors associated with this type 
of investment and who can afford a loss of all or part of their investment. 
 
 
1.1 Risks related to the Issuer and the Group 
The Group is newly established in accordance with a transaction agreement entered into between its 
shareholders and has limited operating and financial history 
The Group was established 1 October 2021, following completion of a merger between Baker Hughes’ Subsea 
Drilling Systems business and Akastor ASA’s MHWirth business, in accordance with a certain transaction 
agreement entered into between the Issuer’s shareholders which identifies the transaction perimeter of economic 
interests that constitute the Group (in other words included and excluded assets/rights and 
liabilities/obligations of the Group). 
 
Accordingly, the Group has limited operating history as a combined group of enitites and the historical financial 
statements of each of the contributed entities have limited value in assessing the Group’s potential future results. 
At the time of this Base Prospectus the Issuer had published its audited special purpose consolidated financial 
statements for 2021 according to International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union 
(IFRS), along with the unaudited Q2 report for 2022.  
 
Risks that may materialise in relation to a newly established group with limited operating history, include, but are 
not limited to, implementation of systems, routines and/or other integration measures taking a longer time 
and/or being costlier than anticipated. Since the Group has limited operating, reporting or disclosure history as a 
standalone business it may be difficult to assess its historical performance and outlook for future results 
of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Financial information included in the Base Prospectus and upon 
which prospective investors can evaluate the Group’s historical financial performance is available only from the 
Group’s audited 2021 financial statements, and the 2022 Q1 and Q2 reports. 
 
The Issuer may in the future take on additional debt 
The net proceeds from the bonds when issued in February 2022 was used to finance repayment of the Issuers 
USD 150 million Bridge Loan Facility. In addition to the formentioned bonds the Issuer entered into a three-year 
Term loan Facility of USD 70 million in September 2021, with quarterly principal repayments, and an USD 80 
million bullet Multicurrency Revolving Credit Facility, also maturing in September 2024.The Issuer may also incur 
further Financial Indebtedness. The Issuer is dependent on the Group generating profit in order to be able to meet 
its debt obligations as and when they fall due. There are many risk factors affecting the profit potential and actual 
results of the Group, including economic and competitive conditions in the markets the Group operates as well as 
general financial and business risk factors. These can be related to factors including but not limited to (i) general 
slowdowns in the economy in general or in the oil service sector, (ii) a decrease in customer investments, (iii) a 
deterioration of customer confidence, (iv) political decisions, changes to laws and regulations relating to licensing 
of oil and gas exploration and production and similar risk factors, as well as (v) the general interest rate level set 
by central banks and other financial or business risk factors, most of which will be outside the control of the Issuer 
and the other companies of the Group. If the Group does not generate profit it may not be able to service its debt 
in the future. At the time of this prospectus the Issuer had in addtion to the above-mentioned financing received 
shareholder loans of USD 106 million in total from Akastor and Baker Hughes. 
It is expected that the Group will be required to refinance its outstanding debt in order to satisfy such debt at the 
respective maturity dates. The Group’s ability to successfully refinance such debt is dependent on the financial

--- Page 6 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
6
condition of the Group and conditions of the financial markets in general at such time. As a result, the Group’s 
access to financing sources at a particular time may not be available on favourable terms, or at all. The Group’s 
inability to refinance its debt obligations on favourable terms, or at all, could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, financial condition as well as its result of operations. 
 
Further, the Group may be dependent on obtaining additional debt or equity financing in the future. There is no 
assurance that the Group will be able to obtain or raise sufficient funds to meet its on-going or future capital and 
operating expenses or that such required funding will be available on acceptable terms. If the Group is unable to 
obtain future debt and/or equity financing on acceptable terms this could materially adversely affect the 
Group’s business, financial condition, results of operation and liquidity. 
 
Financial leverage and breach of covenants 
The financial leverage of the Group may have several adverse consequences, including the need to refinance, 
restructure or dispose of certain parts of the Group’s business in order to fulfil the Issuer’s and the Group’s 
financial obligations. There is also a risk that the Issuer may breach any covenants or undertakings in any of its 
debt arrangements which may trigger early repayment, increased interest, cross-default or other consequences 
that may have an adverse effects on the Issuer’s financial position. The Group is dependent on a limited number 
for customers and significant projects. Loss of key customers, or multiple significant projects, could weaken the 
earnings of the Group to such an extent that it could lead to a breach of financial covenants. 
 
 
1.2 Risks relating to the industry and operations of the Group 
Risk relating to demand for oil and gas and volatile oil and gas prices 
The Group's operations may be negatively affected by a number of factors, many of which are outside the 
Group's control. The Group is a global provider of drilling solutions, engineering, projects, equipment and services 
and is therefore particularly sensitive to factors such as the demand for oil and gas, the level of exploration, 
development, production, investment, modification and maintenance activity as well as the corresponding 
expenditure by oil and gas companies. 
Prices for oil and gas have historically been, and are expected to continue to be, subject to fluctuations in 
response to changes in the supply of and demand for oil and gas, market uncertainty and a variety of other 
political and economic factors. Prolonged reductions in oil and gas prices typically result in decreased levels of 
exploration, development, production, investment, modification and maintenance activity by oil and gas 
companies. Any decreased levels of exploration, development and production activity or reductions or 
postponement of major expenditures by oil and gas companies could lead to downward pricing pressure on oil 
and gas service companies, such as the Group, and, therefore, could adversely affect the Group’s profitability. 
The offshore drilling market was strongly affected by the decrease in oil price and global turmoil during 2020 and 
continues to be suffering from overcapacity of offshore drilling rigs. During 2020 and 2021, the oilfield 
services industry was also heavily impacted by the outbreak of the COVID-19 virus. This outbreak caused a 
significant disruption to the global economy through reduced industrial activity and the oil and gas market has 
been strongly affected by negative demand following lower global activity as well as turmoil on the supply side 
causing a direct effect on the investment level of oil companies and following consequences for the oilfield 
services industry. For the Group, these events have especially affected HMH ESS through a lower demand for 
single equipment as well as a muted rig newbuilding market.  
Post-pandemic economic recovery has recently fueled demand increases for oil and gas. This situation, coupled 
with supply disruptions associated to the Ukraine crisis, have driven significant rises in energy prices. This 
situation has led to an overall increase in drilling activity levels both offshore and onshore and in consequence, 
the Group has experienced an increase in demand for its drilling equipment and services globally in 2022.  
 
Any future outbreak of COVID-19 or other contagious diseases is beyond the Group’s control and there is no 
assurance that any future outbreak of COVID-19 or other contagious diseases occurring in areas in which the 
Group, its suppliers, partners or customers operate, or even in areas in which the Group does not operate, will not 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 
As a manufacturer of slurry pumps, and pile top drilling rigs, the Group also has exposure to non-oil segments 
such as mining, and construction. Recent trends towards the development and expanded use of sustainable 
energy sources, has resulted in an increased demand for metals required in battery production and electronics. 
With this trend, the group has seen a clear improvement in customer requests and order intake in its non-oil 
segment.

--- Page 7 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
7
 
Changes in environmental and regulatory requirements 
Changes in environmental and regulatory requirements may adversely affect the level of exploration by oil and 
gas companies and, therefore, demand for the Group’s services and products. For example, oil and gas 
exploration and production are expected to decline as a result of environmental requirements (including policies 
responsive to environmental concerns or accidents caused by companies other than the Group). Various 
governments and agencies have been evaluating climate-related legislation and other regulatory initiatives that 
would restrict emissions of greenhouse gases. Because the business of the Group depends on the level of activity 
in the oil and gas industry, existing or future laws, regulations, treaties or international agreements related to 
greenhouse gases and climate change, including incentives to conserve energy or use alternative energy 
sources, this could have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations and financial condition of 
the Group if such laws, regulations, treaties or international agreements negatively affect global demand for oil 
and gas. 
The Group operates in a highly competitive industry 
The oil service industry is highly competitive and subject to swings in pricing power. A failure of the Group to 
compete effectively and be awarded contracts through the successful management of its product and services 
strategy, development of improved and new technological solutions, maintenance of customer relationships and 
other factors could adversely affect the Group’s competitiveness and profitability and, therefore, could have a 
material adverse effect on the business, results of operations and financial condition of the Group. 
Operational risks are, among other things, related to the extent to which the companies are able to adjust their 
activity to changing market conditions as well as their ability to be awarded contracts and execute on complex 
projects and operations within acceptable time and cost boundaries. The Company’s market positions and 
revenues can be affected if the Group is unable to compete efficiently. 
In the Groups main market segment, which is to support existing drilling rigs, we see a highly competitive 
situation. Due to the overcapacity of available drilling rigs in the industry our primary customers, the rig owners, 
have limited pricing power. This in turn leads to a situation where the rig owners are very conscious about their 
operational costs. For the Group this results in reduced maintenance and upgrade contracts to bid on, and 
therefore the Group must be very price competitive to secure work. 
The Group’s business is dependent on the technical competence of its employees and proprietary technological 
solutions developed by the Group. The demand for improved technology is constantly increasing and if the Group 
is unable to deliver commercially competitive services, or, fails to attract employees with the requisite level of 
technological competence, this could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, prospects, 
financial position and operating results. 
 
The Groups primary customer base, the drilling rig owners, gain their limited pricing power from efficiency, safety 
and environmental footprint KPI’s (Key Performance Indicator). The most important element to improve and 
maintain their efficiency, safety and environmental footprint KPI’s is technology. As a Group we are dependent on 
having the technology, solutions and people to support our customers in reaching their KPI’s. The ability to do so 
strongly affects the Groups pricing power, and ability to secure contracts. 
 
The Group is dependent on a limited number of customers and significant projects 
The Group depends on a limited number of significant customers. The successful execution of significant projects 
in which it is engaged from time to time, and the loss of business from one or more significant customers, or 
the failure to perform under any contract with such significant customers or in respect of a significant project, 
could have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations and financial condition of the Group. 
The Group is subject to the risk of delayed payments from customers 
Delayed payment of significant amounts payable from customers could have a material adverse effect on the 
liquidity of the Group. Especially in weak economic environments, the Group may experience increased payment 
delays and failures by customers due to, among other reasons, customers’ reduced cash flow from operations or 
access to the credit markets. If one or more customers fails to pay significant amounts of outstanding 
receivables in a timely manner or at all, for any reason, this could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
liquidity position as the cash or cash equivalents available to the Group may be reduced and the Group may be 
required to increasingly rely on its credit facilities for liquidity. This could have a material adverse effect on the 
business, results of operations and financial condition of the Group. 
The Group is dependent on services from third parties and supply of materials to complete contracts 
The Group is dependent on third-party equipment, materials and components, and timely delivery of important 
materials and components is essential to the business of the Group. Constraints in the supply chain may result in

--- Page 8 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
8
products or services of the Group being disrupted or delayed, which could have a material adverse effect on the 
business, results or operations and financial condition of the Group. 
Further, if a sub-contractor, supplier, or manufacturer fails to provide services, supplies or equipment for any 
reason, the Group may be required to source out these services to other third parties on a delayed basis or at a 
higher price than anticipated, which could adversely affect contract profitability. 
During periods of wide-spread economic slowdown, third parties may find it difficult to obtain sufficient financing to 
fund their operations. The inability to obtain financing could adversely affect a third party’s ability to provide 
materials, equipment or services, which could have a material adverse effect on the business, results of 
operations and financial condition of the Group. 
The Group has operations in less developed or newly industrialised countries, which subjects it to 
political, financial and regulatory risk 
The Group’s operations in such less developed or newly industrialised countries (e.g. operations in China, Brazil 
and Azerbaijan) expose the Group to additional risks created, inter alia, by political unrest. The Group has, and 
the Group will continue to have, a strategy to continue and expand operations in many less developed or newly 
industrialised countries in which the political, socioeconomic and legal systems are less predictable than in 
countries with more developed institutional structures. Socio-political or economic upheaval, changes in laws and 
other factors related to a higher degree of uncertainty could have a material adverse effect on the business, 
results of operations and financial condition of the Group and impair the value of the Group’s investments in such 
countries. 
The Group’s operations in such countries expose the Group to the risk of being unable to repatriate income or 
capital which may lead to reduced operating profits and/or liquidity constrains and could have a material adverse 
effect on the business, results of operations and financial condition of the Group. 
 
Further, certain countries in which the Group operates, or intends to operate, impose local requirements, such as 
but not limited to, unpredictable tax regimes, customs regulations, environmental demands, requirements related 
to local physical presence and resources, which could, inter alia, make it difficult for the Group to compete in such 
countries and increase the risk that 
the Group’s business standards and policies as well as the Group’s quality standards are not complied with, and 
which in turn could have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations and financial condition 
of the Group. 
Operations in less developed or newly industrialised countries may lead to an increased risk of violations of 
applicable anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws and regulations, and which could have a material adverse effect 
on the business, results of operations and financial condition of the Group, as well as reputational damage. 
The Group is subject to extensive health and safety risk, including compliance with a broad range of 
health and safety laws and regulations 
Construction and maintenance sites are inherently dangerous workplaces, and failure by the Group to maintain 
safe work sites could have a material adverse effect on its business, reputation, results of operations and 
financial condition. 
The Group is subject to a broad range of health and safety laws and regulations in each of the jurisdictions in 
which it operates, and such laws and regulations impose increasingly stringent health and safety protection 
standards. The costs of complying with, and the liabilities imposed pursuant to, health and safety laws and 
regulations could be significant, and failure to comply could result in the assessment of civil and criminal 
penalties, suspension of permits, temporary or permanent closure of production facilities, or claims or lawsuits by 
injured employees, sub-contractors or third parties. 
Failure to maintain adequate safety standards could have a material adverse effect on the reputation, business, 
results of operations and financial condition of the Group. 
The Group is subject to potential extensive liability related to its oil and gas operations 
The Group provides products and services in connection with operations that are subject to potential hazards 
inherent in the oil and gas industry, where an accident can potentially have catastrophic consequences (for 
example in connection with deepwater operations). If the Group is involved in accidents or failures, the Group 
could face claims or fines which could expose it to substantial liability for inter alia personal injury, wrongful 
death, property damage, loss of oil and gas production, pollution and other environmental damages. As such, the 
Group is exposed to potential liabilities that could have a material adverse effect on the reputation, business, 
results of operations and financial condition of the Group. The Group maintains a level of insurance which it views 
as adequate for potential liability related to its operations; however, no assurances can be given that a claim may 
not exceed the Group’s coverage.

--- Page 9 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
9
Claims and litigation could have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations and 
financial condition of the Group 
Given the nature of the products and services that the Group provides, and the business the Group operates in, 
where an accident can potentially have catastrophic consequences (for example in connection with deepwater 
operations), the Group is exposed to the risk of claims, legal proceedings and disputes from authorities, 
customers and other third parties, including claims in relation to personal injury, environmental issues, intellectual 
property rights, tax matters, labour or employment matters, privacy and personal data, data security issues, 
competition, anti-trust issues, anti-money laundering and sanctions. Any claims against the Group could harm the 
Group’s reputation and could result in professional liability, product liability, criminal liability, warranty obligations 
and other liabilities that, to the extent the Group is not adequately insured, or cannot insure, against a loss or the 
insurer fails to provide coverage, could have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations and 
financial condition of the Group. 
 
The Group has operations worldwide and is subject to risks relating to tax, including changes in tax laws 
and regulations 
The operations of the Group are carried out in several countries across the world, and, therefore, the Group’s tax 
filings are subject to the jurisdiction of a significant number of tax authorities and tax regimes as well as to 
cross-border tax treaties between governments. Further, the nature of the operations of the Group means that the 
Group routinely has to deal with complex tax issues (such as transfer pricing, permanent establishment or 
similar issues) as well as competing and developing tax systems where tax treaties may not exist or where the 
legislative framework is unclear and/or subject to change without pre-warning or transitional regulations. 
Moreover, where project work is partly undertaken in the jurisdiction in which the project deliverables are 
delivered to the customer and partly in other jurisdictions (which is the case for many of the projects of the 
Group), there may be uncertainties, and risks, as to whether and to what extent income from that project is 
taxable in the jurisdiction in which the project deliverables are delivered to the customer, which could subject the 
Group to the risk of double taxation, unexpected tax liabilities and/or penalties. In addition, the global operations 
of the Group are taxed on bases that vary from country to country, including net profit, deemed net profit 
(generally based on turnover) and revenue based withholding taxes based on turnover. 
Changes in direct or indirect tax laws, tax practices or compliance requirements, the practical interpretation and 
administration thereof, including in respect to market practices, or otherwise, in any jurisdiction in which the 
Group operates could have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations and financial condition 
of the Group. 
Exchange rate and interest rate fluctuations may affect the Group's financial condition or results of 
operations 
The Group operates globally and is exposed to currency risk on commercial transactions, assets and liabilities 
and investments in foreign operations. Commercial transactions, assets and liabilities are subject to currency 
risk when payments are denominated in a currency other than the respective functional currency of the relevant 
member of the Group. Fluctuations in exchange rates, particularly between EUR, NOK, GBP and USD, may have 
a material adverse effect on the Group. The Group's foreign exchange risk mainly arises from Norway and 
Germany and revenue denominated in EUR and NOK. The largest investments are also mainly made in EUR, 
NOK and USD. The Group’s policy is to hedge its entire currency risk exposure in any project using forward 
contracts. Pursuant to the policy, variation orders must be hedged as soon as received and recognised in the 
project. However, there can be no assurance that any hedging policy or strategies adopted by the Group are or 
will be effective or that they will be followed in all respects. In addition, while hedging may reduce currency risk, it 
is not possible to fully or perfectly hedge against currency fluctuation. Substantial foreign exchange losses may 
have a material adverse effect on the Group's financial condition. 
The Group faces risks associated with its interest-bearing debt. External borrowings, which at the date of this 
Base Prospectus amounted to USD 204 million (excluding fixed rate shareholder loans of USD 106 million) 
accrue interest at floating rates with interest periods ranging from one to six months (unless otherwise agreed with 
the lenders). The Group’s policy is currently not to hedge floating interest rate, however the interest rate exposure 
will be monitored and the intention is to adjust thepolicy if required. There can be no assurance that the Group will 
be able to hedge its exposure to fluctuations in interest rates or that any future hedging policy will mitigate the 
adverse effects of interest rate fluctuations onthe Group’s results of operations and financial condition, and such 
exposure may have a material adverse effect on the Group's financial condition. 
Insurance coverage  
Given the nature of the products and services that the Group provides, and the business the Group operates in, 
where an accident can potentially have catastrophic consequences (for example in connection with deepwater 
operations) the Group is exposed to a number of risks, including but not limited to, industrial accidents, the 
controlled use of potentially harmful and hazardous materials during production, provision of services and 
installation of products. The Group maintains insurance policies to protect its core businesses against loss of

--- Page 10 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
10
property, business interruption, injury to personnel and/or liability to third parties for such losses as per industry 
standards. Risks insured generally include loss or damage to physical assets (buildings, plant, equipment and 
work in progress) and business interruption resulting therefrom, bodily injury to and death of employees, and 
third-party liabilities. Certain types of losses are generally not insured by the Group because they are either 
uninsurable or not economically insurable, such as losses caused as a result of inability to deliver on time or at 
the right quality, or losses occasioned by wilful misconduct, criminal acts, fines and penalties, and various perils 
associated with war and terrorism. The insurance policies of the Group may not be sufficient to adequately insure 
the Group under all circumstances or against all hazards to which it could be subject. An uninsured loss, a loss 
that exceeds the limits of the insurance policies of the Group or a succession of such losses could have a material 
adverse effect on the business, results of operations and financial condition of the Group. 
 
 
1.3 Risks related to the bonds 
Limited enforcement possibility as a result of the security structure 
The Bonds are secured by the Transaction Security, which is subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, pursuant to 
which enforcement of Transaction Security on certain terms will be controlled by the bankcreditors during a period 
of up to twelve months from an initial enforcement notice has been delivered. Bondholders will consequently, 
subject to compliance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement by the bankcreditors, not be able to make any 
instructions relating to enforcement of Transaction Security during such period. Please see Bond Terms for 
definitions.  
Limitations on the value of the Transaction Security 
The value of the Transaction Security securing the Bonds may not be sufficient to satisfy the Issuer’s obligations 
under the Bonds, and enforcement proceeds relating to Transaction Security will be shared with the Bank Debt 
on a parri passu and pro rata basis in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement. There can be no assurance 
that the Security Agent will be able to sell the Transaction Security without delay (or even at all), or that 
enforcement proceeds will be sufficient to satisfy all of the Secured Obligations in a distressed scenario. Please 
see Bond Terms for definitions. 
Issuer call option 
The Issuer may redeem the Bonds (in whole and not in parts) prior to the Maturity Date and any such early 
redemption will result in the sum of interest payments on the redeemed Bonds being less than if such Bonds had 
not been redeemed, but instead repaid on the Maturity Date. 
Mandatory prepayment event may lead to a prepayment of the Bonds in circumstances where an investor 
may not be able to reinvest the prepayment proceeds at an equivalent rate of interest 
In accordance with the Bond Terms, the Bonds are subject to mandatory prepayment by the Issuer on the 
occurrence of a Change of Control Event or Share De-Listing Event. Following any early redemption after the 
occurrence of a Change of Control Event or Share De-Listing Event, it may not be possible for bondholders to 
reinvest such proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Bonds and may only be able 
to do so at a significantly 
lower rate. See Bond Terms for definitions. 
 
The Bond Terms allow for modification of the Bonds or security, waivers or authorizations of breaches 
and substitution of the Issuer which, in certain circumstances, may be effected without the consent of 
bondholders 
The Bond Trustee may agree, without the consent of the bondholders, to certain modifications to the Bond Terms 
and other related Finance Documents. Pursuant to the Bond Terms, remedies afforded to the bondholders are 
vested with the Bond Trustee, thus preventing individual bondholders from taking separate action. The Bond 
Trustee will be required to act in accordance with instruction given by a relevant majority of bondholders, but is 
also vested with discretionary powers. The bondholders face a risk that the Bond Trustee will agree to changes or 
amendments, or take actions, without the explicit consent of each of the bondholders. 
Dependency on subsidiaries 
The Group's ability to pay any amounts due on the Bonds is, to a significant extent, dependent on the financial 
performance of its subsidiaries, and will depend upon the level of distributions, interest payments and loan 
repayments, if any, received from its operating subsidiaries, any amounts received on disposals of assets and 
equity holdings and the level of cash balances. Certain of the Group's operating subsidiaries are and may, from 
time to time, be subject to restrictions on their ability to make distributions and loans including as a result of

--- Page 11 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
11
restrictive covenants in loan agreements, foreign exchange and other regulatory restrictions and agreements with 
the other shareholders of such subsidiaries. 
Exchange risk for non-USD investors 
The Bonds are issued in USD, and any future payments of interest on the Bonds will be paid in USD. Accordingly, 
any investor with another reference currency in its ordinary course of business is subject to adverse 
movements in the USD against their local currency as such adverse movements could have a material adverse 
effect on the local currency equivalent of any USD payments on the Bonds.

--- Page 12 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
12
2 Definitions 
 
Annual Financial Statements 2021 
HMH Holding B.V.s special purpose consolidated financial statements for 
the year ended December 31 2021. The Group was established October 1 
2021, consequently the consolidated income statement and statements of 
comprehensive income and cash flows effectively cover the period 
October 1 to December 31 2021, no comparative periods are available. 
 
Articles of Association 
The articles of association of HMH Holding B.V. or the Guarantors, as 
amended and currently in effect.  
 
Base Prospectus 
 This document dated October 26 2022. 
 
 
 The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Norwegian FSA, as 
competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Norwegian 
FSA only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this Base Prospectus.  
 
BNEF 
Bloomberg New Energy Finance 
 
Board or Board of Directors 
The board of directors in the Issuer or the Guarantors. 
 
Bond Terms 
Means the bond terms agreed between the Issuer and Nordic Trustee AS 
for each issuance of bonds, including all attachments which form an 
integrated part of the bond terms, in each case as amended and/or 
supplemented from time to time. 
 
CAGR 
Compound annual growth rate 
 
Companies Registry 
The Norwegian Registry of Business Enterprises (Foretaksregisteret) 
 
Company/Issuer 
HMH Holding B.V.  
 
Final Terms 
Document to be prepared for each new issue of bonds under the 
Prospectus. The template for Final Terms is included in the Base 
Prospectus as Annex 3. 
 
The template for Final Terms has been approved by the Norwegian FSA, 
as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Norwegian 
FSA only approves this template for Final Terms as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed 
by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Such approval should not be considered 
as an endorsement of the quality of the securities that are the subject of 
this template for Final Terms. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the securities. 
 
Group 
Means the Issuer and all its subsidiaries from time to time. 
 
Group Company 
Means any entity that is a member of the Group. 
 
Guarantor(s) 
Means MHWirth AS, Hydril USA Distribution LLC, Hydril PCB Limited, 
HMH Drilling Asia Pte Ltd., MHWirth GmbH, MHWirth FZE and MHWirth 
Do Brasil Equipamentos Ltda. 
 
MHWirth AS Annual Financial  
Financial statements for MHWirth AS for the year ended December 31 
Statements 2021 
2021. 
 
MHWirth AS Annual Financial 
Financial statements for MHWirth AS for the year ended December 31 
Statements 2020 
2020. 
 
Hydril USA Distribution LLC Annual  
Financial Statements 2021 
Financial statements for Hydril USA Distribution LLC for the year ended 
December 31 2021.

--- Page 13 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
13
Hydril USA Distribution LLC Annual  
Financial Statements 2020 
Financial statements for Hydril USA Distribution LLC for the year ended 
December 31 2020. 
 
Hydril PCB Limited Annual  
Financial Statements 2021 
Financial statements for Hydril PCB Limited for the year ended December 
31 2021. 
 
Hydril PCB Limited Annual  
Financial Statements 2020 
Financial statements for Hydril PCB Limited for the year ended December 
31 2020. 
 
HMH Drilling Asia Pte Ltd Annual  
Financial Statements 2021 
Financial statements for HMH Drilling Asia Pte Ltd for the year ended 
December 31 2021. 
 
HMH Drilling Asia Pte Ltd Annual  
Financial Statements 2020 
Financial statements for HMH Drilling Asia Pte Ltd for the year ended 
December 31 2020. 
 
MHWirth GmbH Annual  
Financial Statements 2021 
Financial statements for MHWirth GmbH for the year ended December 31 
2021. 
 
MHWirth GmbH Annual  
Financial Statements 2020 
Financial statements for MHWirth GmbH for the year ended December 31 
2020. 
 
MHWirth FZE Annual  
Financial Statements 2021 
Financial statements for MHWirth FZE for the year ended December 31 
2021. 
 
MHWirth FZE Annual  
Financial Statements 2020 
Financial statements for MHWirth FZE for the year ended December 31 
2020. 
 
MHWirth Do Brasil Equipamentos  
Ltda. Annual Financial  
Statements 2021 
Financial statements for MHWirth Do Brasil Equipamentos Ltda. for the 
year ended December 31 2021. 
 
MHWirth Do Brasil Equipamentos  
Ltda. Annual Financial  
Statements 2020 
Financial statements for MHWirth Do Brasil Equipamentos Ltda. for the 
year ended December 31 2020. 
 
Guarantor  
The articles of association of each Guarantor, as amended and currently 
Articles of Association 
in effect. 
 
 
IFRS 
International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European 
Union 
 
 
ISIN 
International Securities Identification Number 
 
Joint Lead Managers 
DNB Bank ASA, Nordea Bank Abp (Norwegian branch), Pareto Securities 
AS and Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
 
NOK 
Norwegian kroner 
 
VPS or VPS System 
The Norwegian Central Securities Depository, Verdipapirsentralen ASA

--- Page 14 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
14
3 Persons responsible  
3.1 Persons responsible for the information 
Persons responsible for the information given in the Base Prospectus are as follows: 
HMH Holding B.V., Weerdestein 97, 1083 GG Amsterdam, The Netherlands 
 
3.2 Declaration by persons responsible 
HMH Holding B.V. declares that to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in the Base Prospectus is 
in accordance with the facts and that the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import.    
 
 
Amsterdam, October 26 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
Karl Erik Kjelstad 
Larry Brian Worrell 
Board Member 
Board Member

--- Page 15 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
15
4 Independent Auditors   
The independent auditors for the Issuer and the Guarantors for the period covered by the historical financial 
information are given in the table below. 
 
Company 
Year 
Auditor 
HMH Holding B.V. 
2021 
KPMG N.V.* 
MHWirth AS 
2020 and 2021 
KPMG AS 
Hydril USA Distribution LLC 
2020 and 2021 
KPMG LLP US 
Hydril PCB Limited 
2020 and 2021 
KPMG LLP Scotland 
HMH Drilling Asia Pte Ltd 
2020 and 2021 
KPMG Services Pte. Ltd. 
MHWirth GmbH 
2020 and 2021 
KPMG AG Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft 
MHWirth FZE 
2020 and 2021 
KPMG Lower Gulf Limited 
MHWirth Do Brasil Equipamentos Ltda. 
2020 and 2021 
KPMG Auditores Independentes Ltda. 
 
* For the purpose of this prospectus - special purpose consolidated financial statements are audited by KPMG AS.  KPMG N.V is the elected 
auditor for HMH Holding B.V, however no audit reports have been issued by KPMG N.V for the purpose of this prospectus. 
 
 
Auditor 
Auditor’s address 
Membership in professional 
body 
KPMG N.V. 
Laan van Langerhuize 1, Amstelveen, 
1186 DS, Netherlands 
The Dutch Accountants 
Professional Body 
KPMG AS 
Sørkedalsveien 6, N-0369 Oslo, 
Norway 
The Norwegian Institute of 
Public Accountants (Den Norske 
Revisorforeningen) 
KPMG LLP US 
345 Park Avenue 
New York, 10154,  
United States of America 
American Institute of Certified 
Public Accountants (AICPA) 
KPMG LLP Scotland 
1 Marischal Square 
Broad Street 
Aberdeen 
AB10 1DD 
KPMG LLP (the UK member 
firm) is regulated by the Institute 
of Chartered Accountants. 
Partners are licensed to practice 
by a relevant professional body 
– Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of Scotland 
KPMG Services Pte. Ltd. 
16 Raffles Quay, #22-00 Hong Leong 
Building, Singapore 048581 
Institute of Singapore chartered 
accountants (ISCA).  
KPMG AG 
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft 
Klingelhöferstraße 18 
10785 Berlin, 
Germany 
Institut der Wirtschaftsprüfer - 
IDW (Institute of Auditors) and 
Wirtschaftsprüferkammer - WPK 
(chamber of auditors) 
KPMG Lower Gulf Limited 
The Offices 5 at One Central 
Level 4, Office No: 04.01 
Sheikh Zayed Road, P.O. Box 3800 
Dubai, United Arab Emirates 
UAE Accountants & Auditors 
Association (UAECA) 
KPMG Auditores Independentes 
Ltda. 
Rua do Passeio, 38, setor 2, 17º andar 
– Centro/RJ 
Edifício Passeio Corporate 
2021-290 – Rio de Janairo/RJ - Brasil 
IBRACON - Instituto de 
Auditoria Independente do Brasil

--- Page 16 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
16
5 Information about the Issuer and the Guarantors 
5.1 Legal and commercial name, domicile and legal form 
 
Legal name 
Commercial name 
Domicile 
HMH Holding B.V. 
HMH Holding 
Netherlands 
MHWirth AS 
MHWirth 
Norway 
Hydril USA Distribution LLC 
Hydril USA Distribution 
USA 
Hydril PCB Limited 
Hydril PCB 
United Kingdom 
HMH Drilling Asia Pte Ltd 
HMH Drilling Asia 
Singapore 
MHWirth GmbH 
MHWirth 
Germany 
MHWirth FZE 
MHWirth 
UAE 
MHWirth Do Brasil Equipamentos Ltda. 
MHWirth Do Brasil Equipamentos 
Brazil 
 
Both the Issuer and the Guarantors are private limited liability companies.   
 
5.2 Place of registration, registration number and LEI code 
 
Legal name 
Place of registration 
Registration number 
HMH Holding B.V. 
Netherlands Chambers of 
Commerce 
862578796 
MHWirth AS 
The Norwegian Companies Registry 
942 524 544 
Hydril USA Distribution LLC 
Registered with the Delaware 
Division of Corporations 
4511531 
Hydril PCB Limited 
Companies Register (Companies 
House) England and Wales, United 
Kingdom 
1418491 / FEIN: 98-0565114 
HMH Drilling Asia Pte Ltd 
Business Registry (Accounting and 
Corporate Regulatory Authority 
(ACRA)) Singapore 
FEIN: 98-0565104 
MHWirth GmbH 
Commercial Register of the District 
Court of Mönchengladbach 
DE 122387896 
MHWirth FZE 
Dubai – UAE / Jebal Ali Free Zone 
262597 
108551 
MHWirth Do Brasil Equipamentos Ltda. 
Brazilian Corporate Taxpayers´ 
register 
CNPJ: 28.779.772/0001-92 
 
Legal name 
LEI code 
HMH Holding B.V. 
8945008FRZIYPW0VW366 
MHWirth AS 
549300HDWI4UGF5PXN97 
Hydril USA Distribution LLC 
549300S3DZSMR28PBY38 
Hydril PCB Limited 
93B04WSV2YH2GAMGHL39 
HMH Drilling Asia Pte Ltd 
7M2Q77WI4MC6Z0NHKK48 
MHWirth GmbH 
967600HPWLDN8B7I6R95 
MHWirth FZE 
N/A 
MHWirth Do Brasil Equipamentos Ltda. 
N/A 
 
5.3 Country of incorporation, date of incorporation and legislation 
 
Legal name 
Country of incorpration 
Date of incorpration 
HMH Holding B.V. 
Netherlands 
April 28 2021 
MHWirth AS 
Norway 
February 27 1987 
Hydril USA Distribution LLC 
USA 
February 28 2008 
Hydril PCB Limited 
United Kingdom 
May 9 1979 
HMH Drilling Asia Pte Ltd 
Singapore 
October 31 2007 
MHWirth GmbH 
Germany 
Year 1895 
MHWirth FZE 
UEA 
April 17 2008 
MHWirth Do Brasil Equipamentos Ltda. 
Brazil 
October 2 2017

--- Page 17 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
17
 
Legal name 
Legislation 
HMH Holding B.V. 
Dutch 
MHWirth AS 
Norwegian 
Hydril USA Distribution LLC 
US 
Hydril PCB Limited 
UK 
HMH Drilling Asia Pte Ltd 
Singapore 
MHWirth GmbH 
German 
MHWirth FZE 
UAE 
MHWirth Do Brasil Equipamentos Ltda. 
Brazillian 
 
5.4 Address, telephone and website 
 
Legal name 
Address 
Telephone 
HMH Holding B.V. 
Weerdestein 97, 1083 GG Amsterdam, 
The Netherlands 
+47 38 05 70 00 
MHWirth AS 
P.O. Box 413 Lundsiden, N-4604 
Kristiansand S, Norway 
+47 38 05 70 00 
Hydril USA Distribution LLC 
3300 North Sam Houston Parkway East, 
Houston, US-TX, 77032, US 
+1 281 371 2424 
Hydril PCB Limited 
10th floor, 245 Hammersmith Road, 
Hammersmith, London W6 8PW, UK 
+44 1224 040448  
HMH Drilling Asia Pte Ltd 
2 Benoi Road, Singapore 629876 
+65 6262 6633 
MHWirth GmbH 
Kölner Str. 71-73, 41812 Erkelenz, 
Germany 
+49 2431 83-0 
MHWirth FZE 
Office 1025, Lvl.10, Tower B, JAFZA One 
Building, JAFZA, Dubai, UEA 
+971 4 550 6200 
MHWirth Do Brasil Equipamentos Ltda. 
Rua Sergio Roberto Franco, s/n, Quadra 
03 parte, Macaé, RJ, Brazil 
+55 22 2141-3163 
 
Both the Issuer and the Guarantors have website https://hmhw.com.  
 
The information on the website does not form part of the Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated 
by reference into the Base Prospectus. 
 
 
5.5 Objects and purposes  
 
HMH Holding B.V. 
HMH delivers a global full-service offshore and onshore drilling equipment offering which provides customers with 
a broad portfolio of products and services that are designed to be safer and more efficient. The Group also actively 
embraces opportunities in other industries including offshore wind, subsea mining, civil construction and innovative 
digital solutions. 
 
The objectives of the company are according to the Articles of Association §2.2; 
 
(a) to incorporate, to in any manner participate or take any other interest in, to 
manage and to supervise businesses and companies of whatever nature; 
(b) to give advice and to provide services to businesses and companies with which 
the Company is affiliated; 
(c) to finance businesses and companies with which the Company is affiliated; 
(d) to borrow and to raise funds, including the issuing of bonds, debentures or other 
securities, and to enter into related agreements; and 
(e) to issue guarantees, to commit the Company and to encumber the assets of the 
Company for the benefit of businesses, companies and other legal entities with 
which the Company is affiliated in a group and for the benefit of third parties, 
 
as well as any and all things that are related or may be conducive to the above, all of this 
in the broadest sense of the word.

--- Page 18 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
18
 
MHWirth AS 
The purpose of the company is industrial activities and trade, as well as obtaining and application of patents, 
inventions and technical know-how. The company may also participate or cooperate with other private or public 
sector businesses, according to the Articles of Association §3. 
 
Hydril USA Distribution LLC 
According to the Limited Liability Company Agreement Clause 2 the company is formed for the purpose of 
engaging in any lawful act or activity for which a limited liability company may be organized under the Delaware 
Limited Liability Company Act. 
 
HMH Drilling Asia Pte Ltd 
The objectives and purpose of the entity is not listed in the formation documents. The purpose of the company is 
manufacture and repair of process control equipment and related products (Source: BizFile). 
 
Hydril PCB Limited 
The objectives for the company can be found in the Memorandum of Association Clause 3 letters (a) - (w). 
 
MHWirth GmbH 
The objectives of the company are according to §4 in the Articles of the Association: 
1. 
The object of the company is the manufacture, development, design, distribution and leasing of machines of 
all kinds, and the sale and leasing of all types of machinery, in particular drilling rigs, pumps, roadheaders, 
tunnel and shaft boring machines, and related products, including tools and spare parts, as well as the 
realization of all related business. 
2. 
The further object of the company is the contract hardening shop, heat treatment and the hiring out of 
employees for commercial purposes. The company may take all other business measures which are suitable 
to promote the purpose of the company. The company may invest in other companies of the same or a 
similar kind and may establish branches. 
 
MHWirth FZE 
According to the Memorandum of Association §3 the objectieves for which the FZE is established are: 
(a) Well Drilling Equipment Trading Oilfield & Natural Gas Equipment & Spare Parts Trading; 
(b) To carry on all such business within the area of the Jebel Ali Free Zone as the Jebel Ali Free Zone 
Authority may permit under the terms of the licence issued in respect of the FZE; and 
(c) To carry on any other trade or business which can be carried on by the FZE in connection with or as 
ancillary to and of the business objectives mentioned in this Clause 3 or general business of the FZE. 
 
MHWirth Do Brasil Equipamentos Ltda. 
According to the Articles of Association Clause 3 the Company’s purpose shall be the following activities; 
(a) Purchase, sale, manufacture, import, installation, maintenance, technical assistance, provision of training 
services, supervision operation and leasing of equipment, machinery and accessories related to oil and 
gas and mineral industries, directly or indirectly, including offshore services; 
(b) Real Estate rent and 
(c) Participation in other companies, either as a shareholder or stockholder. 
 
 
5.6 Recent events 
There have not been any recent events particular to the Issuer, nor the Guarantors, which are to a material extent 
relevant to an evaluation of the Issuer’s, or any of the Guarantor’s, solvency. 
 
 
5.7 Credit ratings 
No credit ratings have been assigned to the Issuer or the Guarantors at the request or with the cooperation of the 
Issuer or the Guarantors in the rating process. 
 
 
5.8 Changes in borrowing and funding structure since the last 
financial year 
Apart from these bonds issued in February 2022, which refinanced the Issuer’s USD 150,000,000 Bridge Facility, 
there have been no material changes in the Issuer’s borrowing and funding structure since the last financial year.

--- Page 19 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
19
The Guarantors, which are all part of the same Group, receive all borrowings from other companies within the 
Group. 
 
5.9 Expected financing of activities 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer does not have any expectations to enter into any new financing 
agreements.

--- Page 20 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
20
6 Business overview    
HMH is a global provider of integrated drilling solutions and services with sophisticated technology, industry-
leading engineering, and strong project management capabilities. HMH’s key offering includes drilling rig 
packages, drilling equipment, pressure control equipment, drilling lifecycle services, digital solutions (and more). 
 
HMH Holding B.V. was incorporated in conjunction with the combination of Akastor ASA’s wholly-owned 
subsidiary MHWirth and Baker Hughes’ Subsea Drilling Systems (SDS) unit. Akastor is a Norway-based 
investment company with a flexible mandate for industrial and financial investments in the oil services sector. 
Baker Hughes is an energy technology company providing solutions for energy and industrial customers, with 
operations across 120 countries. Baker Hughes’ business encompasses oilfield services and equipment as well 
as digital and process solutions. The merger was finalized on October 1 2021. 
 
6.1 Main categories of products sold and/or services performed 
Drilling (Offshore and Onshore) 
The merged company combines MHWirth’s Topside drilling equipment packages (top drives, drawworks, derricks, 
etc.) mud systems, and drilling risers, and Baker Hughes SDS’ pressure control equipment (blowout preventers, 
control systems, diverters, etc.) and drilling riser equipment. HMH has therefore become a full-house drilling 
solutions provider serving all drilling segments, including floaters (Semisubmersibles + Drillships), jackups, fixed 
platforms, and onshore rigs.  
 
The company’s primary customers include rig builders and/or owner operators in all segments, such as drilling 
contractors, oil companies, and shipyards. HMH’s main product offering and key customers within each of these 
segments is summarized in the image below. 
 
 
Figure 1.  Summary of HMH's Drilling offering in key market segments 
 
Supply – a few key players in the drilling equipment market 
NOV, Schlumberger (Cameron) and HMH are the main equipment providers for the offshore drilling market. NOV 
is the clear market leader, mostly as a result of that company expanding its penetration during the latest build 
cycle (2008-2015). At the time, NOV hugely benefitted from offering a full suite offering (topside drilling equipment 
+ pressure control equipment), whereas MHWirth and Baker Hughes’ SDS legacy companies were participating in 
their respective segments independently, and therefore having a difficult time competing against NOV which 
benefitted from economies of scale and scope.  
 
Within the global offshore drilling fleet (floaters, jackups and fixed platforms), HMH has the second-largest 
penetration/installed base of topside drilling equipment and risers, and the third largest penetration within the 
main Pressure Control Equipment categories, including BOP and Diverters, as shown in the image below.

--- Page 21 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
21
 
 
Figure 2. Market share analysis by product (Source: Rystad Offshore Rig Equipment Analysis Dashboard). Note: Hydril, GE, 
and MH Wirth are to be considered as HMH. 
Now that HMH provides a full suite drilling equipment offering, the group is better positioned to compete against 
NOV during any future build cycles.  
 
The Onshore drilling market is more fragmented than the offshore drilling space, and many players in addition to 
NOV and Schlumberger (Cameron) compete against HMH in most product segments. Whereas there is 
significant oversight and regulation in the offshore drilling space, there is less of it in onshore markets, which 
allows smaller local players and Chinese based manufacturers to compete more efficiently against bigger names. 
Companies like WOM, AXOM, Honghua, Rongsheng, among others, have significant presence in many regions. 
    
Even though HMH is not a market leader in the onshore drilling space, the Issuer is among the top ten OEMs in 
multiple equipment categories within the topside drilling and pressure control equipment spaces (Source: Rystad 
Analysis Dashboard).

--- Page 22 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
22
 
 
HMH Drilling offering split into categories 
HMH’s offering can be split into three main categories:  
• 
Rig Products  
• 
Aftermarket Services  
• 
Rig Intelligence / Digital Solutions  
Rig products are provided across most drilling markets, either as single equipment sales or as part of larger 
construction projects. Key products include topside equipment, derrick and handling equipment, mud and control 
systems, BOPs and risers. Furthermore, the company offers aftermarket services for installed products, such as 
spare parts, maintenance, and overhaul and repair, securing repeat business and stable income for the duration 
of the rigs’ lifetime. Rig intelligence/digital solutions encompasses digital products and services that enable 
operational optimization such as drilling automation and condition-based maintenance. These offerings are an 
important revenue driver as they provide upgrade opportunities, and the technology can be reused in new 
business segments to provide for additional revenue. 
 
A high-level overview of products and services offered by HMH is shown below:

--- Page 23 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
23
Figure 3. High-level overview of HMH's Drilling Products and Services 
 
Non-oil business 
HMH also participates in non-oil related industries, primarily through provision of products and services to mining 
(both onshore and subsea) and constructions companies. These include pile top drill rigs (PBA), heavy duty slurry 
pumps (installed base of >115 units in mining complexes around the world for use in processes such as autoclave 
feeding, tailings transfers, ore hoisting, etc.) and subsea mining (fleet of seven vessels equipped with HMH 
drilling/mining systems to mine for diamonds and minerals crucial in energy transition). 
 
The issuer has highlighted further opportunities in these markets going forward, through delivery of slurry pumps 
to APAC and LATAM in 2022–2023 (revenue potentials of more than USD20m per year) and increased demand 
for PBAs in expanding markets and offshore windmill fixed installations. 
 
A high-level overview of non-oil business served by HMH and its offerings is shown below: 
 
 
 
Figure 4. Summary of HMH offerings in non-oil segments 
 
6.2 Significant new products or activities  
Opportunities in renewable markets 
The issuer has recognised the potential to utilise its expertise within industries focused on the energy transition, 
and has highlighted offshore wind, geothermal and digital solutions as three key areas of opportunity going 
forward. 
 
Opportunities in renewable industries are shown below:

--- Page 24 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
24
 
 
Figure 5. Opportunities that are currently being reviewed by HMH in other non-oil segments. 
 
6.3 Principal markets in which the issuer competes 
HMH is primarily exposed to the drilling equipment market through its rig equipment offering. It is present across 
all drilling segments, including both offshore and onshore drilling. 
Offshore Drilling 
Historically, demand for offshore drilling rigs (and therefore drilling equipment) has been driven by multiple 
factors, but arguably the most important has been oil price. Given the volatile nature of this commodity’s pricing, a 
cyclical nature is therefore common in the demand for the drilling equipment that the group sells. If we look back 
at recent history, demand for drilling equipment peaked in the early 2010’s when increasing oil prices led to an 
increase in demand for drilling rigs, which coupled with tightening supply levels for drilling rigs led to a booming 
market for drilling equipment manufacturers.  
 
Figure 6. Global Rig demand - Floaters (Source: Rystad Energy Rig Analytics Dashboard)

--- Page 25 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
25
 
 
Figure 7. Global rig demand - Jackups (Source: Rystad Energy Rig Analytics Dashboard) 
Increasing oil prices in early 2010’s drove oil companies to drill more exploration and development wells, which in 
turn led to an increasingly tight supply of drilling rigs (average utilization levels within most categories hovered 
around 90%, particularly offshore. Day rates paid by operators to lease offshore drilling rigs from drilling 
contractors practically exploded, going from ~$100K/day in 2005 to ~$450K by 2015.  
 
 
 
Figure 8. Newbuild orders vs. oil price (Source: HMH Marketing analysis; Rystad RigCube, IEA) 
This environment subsequently resulted in the placement of multiple newbuild orders by drilling contractors, 
shipyards and even speculative independent investors, who wanted to benefit from the explosive growth seen in 
the offshore drilling market. More than 200 floaters were ordered between 2005 and 2014, and the legacy 
companies of the HMH group benefitted from this trend.  
 
However, a sharp increase in oil and gas production in the US (shale), couple with other factors led to a global 
supply glut, and subsequently oil prices started to drop significantly in 2014. As a result, active rig count numbers 
dropped in all segments, and such demand destruction coincided with the delivery of newbuild rigs ordered in the 
previous decade.

--- Page 26 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
26
 
 
Figure 9. Rig count vs. Oil price dynamics (Source: HMH Marketing analysis; Baker Hughes rig count, IEA)  
The resulting rig supply overhang led to drops in day rates and challenged financials for HMH’s key customers. 
The Covid-19 pandemic further exacerbated the negative market context, and in the last few years, HMH seen 
several of its main customers go through bankruptcy proceedings. Given this context, HMH has seen lower 
demand for new drilling equipment since 2015, and most of the orders it has received since then relate to 
aftermarket services, including sale of spare parts, maintenance, and overhaul and repair. 
 
Increasing oil prices in the aftermath of the Russia/Ukraine conflict, coupled with the fact that the oil and gas 
industry has now gone through a relatively long period of time with low levels of investment, are now shaping the 
offshore drilling equipment market towards a positive inflection.  
 
Rystad Energy expects offshore exploration and drilling activity to tick upwards as E&P companies increase their 
spending budgets, due to improved economics on the back of strong oil price fundamentals. It also forecasts that 
floater demand will grow with from ~106 rig years in 2021 to ~143 rig years in 2025, driven by improved break-
evens vis-à-vis land and unconventional markets. This is largely a result of the prolonged downturn shifting focus 
towards efficiency and standardisation, increasing the relative competitiveness of deepwater and ultra-deepwater 
production. 
 
Floater rigs constitute ~55% of HMH’s marketed installed base, and therefore, any increase in floater rig demand 
is a natural driver for HMH’s drilling equipment and service demand. HMH management expects that the growth 
in the number of active units equipped with HMH equipment should grow on par with the market. 
 
With the improving market context, demand for offshore drilling rigs (both floaters and jackups) started to pick up 
in the second half of 2021, and we have already seen an increase in the number of floater rig reactivations vs. 
2019-20, many of which were cold-stacked.

--- Page 27 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
27
 
Figure 10. ractivations by year – Floaters (Source: Rystad Rig Analytics Dashboard). For 2022 January to June numbers are 
included. 
 
Figure 11. Reactivations per year – Jackups (Source: Rystad Rig Analytics Dashboard). For 2022 January to June numbers are 
included. 
Reactivation of stacked rigs will continue to be the main vehicle that drilling contractors will use to cover 
subsequent demand increases in the short term. However, it is worth mentioning that in the last 8 years, most rig 
owners have retired/scrapped a significant number of rigs.

--- Page 28 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
28
 
Figure 12. Rig retirements – Floaters (Source: Rystad Rig Analytics Dashboard) 
 
 
Figure 13. Rig retirements – Jackups (Source: Rystad Rig Analytics Dashboard) 
 
On the back of these rig retirements, along with the strengthening market, Rystad Energy projects that marketed 
demand for floaters could tighten to just shy of 80% by 2025 (excl. additional retirements), from 61% after the oil 
price collapse in 2020. Similarly, it expects marketed demand for jackups could average 78% utilization in 2022, 
and as shown in the following figures, the gap between marketed utilisation (excluding cold stacked units) and 
global utilisation is closing. The supply overhang that was evident at the worst of the downturn, has become less 
marked in most market segments.

--- Page 29 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
29
 
 
 
 
 
Figure 14. Floater utilisation levels. (Source: Rystad Offshore Report June 2022) 
 
        
 
 
 
Figure 15. Jackup utilisation levels. (Source: Rystad Offshore Report June 2022)  
 
It is important to highlight that the floaters market is experiencing significant tightness in key regions such as the 
Golden triangle (particularly in the USGOM, where we are currently seeing marketed utilization above 95%) and 
the drillship segment in general.

--- Page 30 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
30
 
Figure 16. Floater Marketed Utilisation levels by region. (Source: Rystad Offshore Report June 2022) 
 
According to Rystad, marketed utilisation level for benign drillships is currently sitting at 78%. Other intelligence 
providers such as Riglogix, and Spinergie, highlight an even tighter picture. For instance, in its latest Market 
Report, Spinergie highlights that Marketed Utilisation levels for Drillships are currently sitting above the 90%. 
Intelligence providers use slightly different approaches to calculate utilisation levels, which explain these 
discrepancies, but they all converge in one thing. Current utilisation levels in most market segments and 
particularly in the drillship market, are at the highest levels seen since 2016.    
 
 
Figure 17. Marketed utilisation levels by floater rig type. (Source: Rystad Offshore Report June 2022)

--- Page 31 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
31
 
 
Figure 18. Marketed utilisation for drillships (Source: Spinergie Offshore Drilling Outlook June 2022) 
 
Similarly, Jackup markets are tightening significantly. As shown in the images below, current global marketed 
utilisation levels are around 80%, and rig count is increasing in most regions. In MENAT, local E&P companies 
and drilling contractors, have recently made, and are expected to continue making sizeable investments to 
increase drilling capacity in the region. For instance, since October 2021, ADES has acquired more than 20 
jackups to expand its operational capacity in the region.   
 
 
Figure 19. Jackups Marketed Utilisation levels by region. (Source: Rystad Offshore Report June 2022)

--- Page 32 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
32
 
Figure 20. Jackups Marketed Utilisation levels by asset type. (Source: Rystad Offshore Report June 2022) 
We previously highlighted that rig reactivations will most likely be the preferred route employed by drilling 
contractors to address any additional increases in demand, but it is important to bear in mind that many of the rigs 
that are currently listed as cold stacked, have been in that state for several years, and it would be very costly to 
reactivate them. Therefore, many of these units could end up being retired/scrapped, meaning that the number of 
options that drilling contractors have to fill any demand surges by reactivating units is actually smaller than it may 
seem.  
 
Therefore, an unexpectedly large increase in global demand for oil and gas, may subsequently accelerate the 
arrival of the next drilling rig build cycle. In that event, HMH would be very well positioned to take advantage. 
 
Onshore Drilling 
The onshore drilling market represents a fairly small part of HMH’s product portfolio, but is becoming an 
increasingly important segment on the back of its expanding penetration within the Middle East and North Africa 
and Latin America.  
 
Even though North American shale operators are expected to be more sensitive to capital discipline by operators 
than during the expansion wave seen in the early 2010’s, most industry analysts expect drilling activity levels to 
increase in the current market context. Rystad Energy expects the number of onshore completed wells in North 
America to increase from roughly 14.8K in 2020 to roughly 25.4K by 2024, falling just slightly below the levels 
seen in 2017-2019. If oil prices remain consistently above $100 for a significant period, we may see higher levels 
of activity in the region.  
 
Onshore activity in the Middle East is also expected to be a key growth driver, as E&P companies in the region, 
continue to make investments to increase local production of oil and gas. Rig utilisation levels in the region are 
growing, and technical requirements are becoming more demanding. Local Operating Companies are looking to 
drill hotter, and higher pressured wells, and companies with a technology edge such as HMH may be better suited 
to provide products that deliver optimal performance in such conditions.

--- Page 33 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
33
 
Figure 21. Land Wells completed by region (Source: Rystad Onshore Rig market Analysis) 
 
 
Figure 22. Land rig Utilisation levels (Source: Rystad Onshore Rig market Analysis) 
Non-oil constituting a growing share of HMH’s business 
HMH is seeing a growing share of its revenue base from non-oil businesses. This is much in line with the general 
service market seeking opportunities outside oil and gas exploration to become broader energy service 
companies. HMH is increasingly exposed to onshore and subsea mining as well as renewable energy, which we 
expect to provide opportunities to expand its total installed base and service revenues. 
 
Subsea and onshore mining 
HMH operates within the onshore and offshore mining/construction industry. Going forward, certain relevant 
minerals are expected to meet large demand on the back of increased demand of low carbon/digital technologies. 
The International Energy Agency estimates that in response to the shift to net zero, the world will require more 
mining. Furthermore, the IEA projects that the annual demand for critical minerals from clean energy technologies 
will surpass US$400bn by 2050, which is equivalent to the annual revenues of the current coal market. (Source: 
IEA; PwC Mine 2022).

--- Page 34 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
34
 
Figure 23. Global market for coal vs. energy transition minerals (Source PwC Mine 2022, adpated from IEA) 
 
The demand for minerals will, however, be challenging to meet due to the inelasticity of supply levels, causing 
both challenges and opportunities for suppliers of new mining systems such as HMH. 
 
The currently committed mine production for key minerals such as Copper, Lithium, and Cobalt could fall behind 
the demand levels require to reach net zero as early as 2024 (see image below). 
 
 
 
Figure 24. Committed mine production and primary demand (2020-30) (Source: PwC Mine 2022, adapted from IEA) 
  
Demand for key minerals such as Lithium, Cobalt, and Nickel is expected to growsignificantly between 2020 and 
2030, and in response to such demand growth, mining companies are also expected to increase their capital 
expenditures globally.

--- Page 35 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
35
 
Figure 25. Mined commodities market demand (Source: Wood Mackenzie) 
Source: Wood Mackenzie 
 
In fact, in its Global Mine 2022 report, Wood Mackenzie highlights that  the largest 40 mining companies in the 
world have already expanded their capital expenditures (as declared by the aforementioned companies in their 
respective annual reports) from $48 Billion in 2017 to $72 billion in 2021. This figure is expected to increase to 
~$82 billion in 2022, and could grow even more along with demand increases. . 
 
 
 
Figure 26. Top 40 capital investments (US$bn) (Source: PwC Mine 2022) 
 
In this context, HMH management expects to see yearly sales growth for its slurry pumps, either in par or faster 
than market growth. New regulations for global tailings management standards where dewatering of slurry is a 
must, may further generate incremental demand for the type of heavy-duty slurry pumps that HMH produces, as 
higher discharge pressure pumps may be required to handle the transport of more concentrated fluids.  
 
Offshore and onshore wind 
HMH aims to leverage its competence and experience within the drilling rig market to expand its offerings in the 
onshore and offshore wind market.  
 
The market for onshore and offshore wind had a total installed capacity of ~733GW in 2020, ~698GW of which 
was onshore. In total, this accounted for only ~1.3% of total primary energy supply (source energy), together with 
solar. By 2030, BNEF’s “green scenario” entails wind accounting for ~15% of primary energy supply. Of this 
supply, offshore wind is expected to constitute around 20% and to grow from ~35GW in installed capacity today 
towards 240GW by 2030, as seen in the chart below.

--- Page 36 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
36
 
Figure 27. Annual additions of offshore and onshore wind (GW) (Source: BNEF) 
In our view, there are several elements required for the wind industry to provide this share of the primary energy 
mix, such as efficient deployment of technology to lower the Levelised Cost of Electricity (LCOE). Moreover, 
equipment and service providers expanding offerings to the wind industry play an important role in knowledge 
sharing, through the deployment of technological solutions developed for the offshore oil and gas industry. This is 
an important contribution to the wind industry maturing more quickly as well as lowering the capital expenditure 
portion of the LCOE. Furthermore, we see the cross-disciplinary potential as an opportunity for equipment and 
service providers like HMH to expand their revenue base and provide a source of end-market diversification.

--- Page 37 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
37
7 Organisational structure 
7.1 Description of Issuer 
HMH Holding B.V. is a limited liability company, incorporated and domiciled in the Netherlands. HMH Holding B.V. 
is the parent company of the Group. 
 
HMH Holding B.V. was incorporated April 28, 2021. The merger of Akastor ASA’s wholly-owned subsidiary 
MHWirth and Baker Hughes’ Subsea Drilling Systems (SDS) unit was completed October 1 2021. Following the 
merger, Akastor and Baker Hughes hold equal ownership in HMH Holding B.V.. 
 
The Company is headquartered in Amsterdam, Netherlands. HMH has ~2,100 employees globally, with 
operations across Europe, North America, Latin America, the Middle East, and Africa. 
 
MHWirth AS sold 100% of the shares in Frontica Engineering AS to Aker Solutions AS June 30, 2022. At the 
closing Frontica Engineering AS had ~50 emplpoyees. The shares in Frontica Engineering AS were sold for ~ 
USD 2,3 million. On August 24 2022 MHWirth AS increased it’s ownership in Electrical Subsea & Drilling AS from 
20% to 100%. The company specializes in electric controls and actuator technology for BOP operation. The 
shares were purchased for USD 3,5 million.

--- Page 38 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
38
 
Organizational structure 
 
 
 
 
24 
MHWirth AS
(Norway)
MHWirth (Singapore) 
Pte Ltd
(Singapore)
MHWirth FZE
(Dubai, UAE)
MHWirth Gas & OilField Equipment 
& Services LLC 
(Abu Dhabi, UAE)
MHWirth (India) Pvt Ltd
(India)
MHWirth Do Brasil 
Equipamentos Ltda
(Brazil)
MHWirth GmbH
(Germany)
MHWirth Offshore Petroleum 
Engineering (Shanghai) Co Ltd
(China)
MHWirth Canada Inc.
(Canada)
MHWirth UK Ltd
(UK)
MHWirth Pty Ltd
(Australia)
Electrical Subsea & Drilling AS 
(Norway) 
Shenyang Wirth-SHMG Tunneling 
and Construction Machinery Co Ltd 
(China)
Future Well Control AS  (Norway)
10 %
MHWirth Chile SpA
(Chile)
Hydril USA
Distribution LLC (US)
MHWirth 
LLC (US)
Hydril Pressure Control
(Senegal) SASU
(Senegal)
Bronco Manufacturing
LLC
(US)
Hydril Pressure Controlling
Arabia Limited
(Saudi Arabia)
Hydril Pressure Control
S. de R.L. de C.V.
(Mexico) 
Hydril PCB Canada Inc
(Canada)
Hydril PCB Limited
(UK) 
HMH Drilling Asia Pte.Ltd.
(Singapore)
Baker Hughes Drilling Engineer 
Services of India Pvt Ltd
(India) 
HMH Holding B.V.
(NL)
99,998%
99,999999% 
99%
MHWirth AS (Azerbaijan 
Representative office) 
(Azerbaijan)
MHWirth HoldCo AS
(Norway)
1%
49%

--- Page 39 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
39
 
7.2 Dependence upon other entities  
The Company receives interest from loans provided to its subsidiaries, as well as income from investments in its 
subsidiaries. Therefore, the Company is dependent on the results of the operations of the Company's 
subsidiaries. 
 
The Guarantors receive funding and performance guarantees from the Company. Therefore, the Guarantors are 
dependent on the results of the operations of their parent company.

--- Page 40 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
40
8 Trend information 
8.1 Prospects and financial performance 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or the Guarantors since the date of its 
last published audited financial statements.  
 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Group since the end of the last financial 
period for which financial information has been published to the date of the Base Prospectus. 
 
8.2 Known trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or events 
The Group continues to view the market with optimism, especially in light of the recent development in oil and gas 
prices, along with the need for stable market suppliers of energy. Solutions for the oil and gas industry continues 
to stand for the majority of the Group’s revenue. At the same time, it acknowledges the increased focus on green 
energy sources, and believe it is well positioned to take advantage of suitable opportunities that should arise. For 
an overview of market trends that are reasonably likely to have a material effect on the issuer’s prospect for at 
least the current financial year, please also refer to Section 6 “Business overview”.

--- Page 41 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
41
9 Administrative, management and supervisory bodies 
9.1 Information about persons 
For the members of the Board of Directors and the Management of the Company and the Guarantors the 
description below sets out the names, business address and functions within the Issuer and the Guarantors, and 
gives an indication of the principal activities performed by them outside the Issuer and the Guarantors where 
these are significant with respect to the Issuer or the Guarantor. 
 
The business address of the Board of Directors and the Management of the Company and the Guarantors can be 
seen in clause 5.4. 
 
9.1.1 HMH Holding B.V. 
 
Board of Directors 
 
Name  
Position  
Merril A. «Pete» Miller Jr. 
Chairman 
Kristian Monsen Røkke 
Board member 
Neil Saunders 
Board member 
Larry Brian Worrell 
Karl Erik Kjelstad 
Board member 
Board member 
 
Merril A. «Pete» Miller Jr.  
Mr. Miller has more than 40 years of experience from the oil service industry. Previously, Mr Miller served as 
President and CEO of National Oilwell Varco 2001-2014.  
  
Other previous experience includes:  
• 
Chairman of RIG from 2015 to 2020  
• 
Chairman of MHWirth 2019-2021  
• 
15 years at Helmerich & Payne International Drilling Company in various senior management positions  
• 
Degree in Applied Science and Engineering from U. S. Military Academy at West Point in 1972  
• 
MBA from Harvard Business School in 1980 
 
Kristian Monsen Røkke 
Mr. Røkke has experience from investment management, offshore services, and shipbuilding in several  
companies in the Aker group. Prior to assuming his current position as Chief Executive Officer of Aker Horizons 
ASA, Mr. Røkke served as Chief Investment Officer of Aker. Before that, he was CEO of Akastor ASA, a publicly 
listed oil service investment company, and spent several years in various operational and executive roles at Philly  
Shipyard. He has an MBA from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.  
 
Neil Saunders 
Mr. Saunders is Executive Vice President, Oilfield Equipment of Baker Hughes. Saunders has more than 25 years 
of experience in the upstream oil and gas industry. He previously served as President & CEO, Subsea Systems & 
Drilling for GE Oil & Gas, where he was responsible for all product lines, systems, and global operations of the 
Subsea Systems & Drilling business unit. Prior to that, he was the Senior Vice President for Subsea Production 
Systems. 
 
Saunders joined GE through the acquisition of Vetco Gray in 2007 as Regional Vice President for Europe, North 
Africa & Caspian, before being appointed Senior Vice President of the newly formed Global Services business, 
based in the US. He joined a predecessor of the Vetco Gray business in 1991 and held multiple technical and 
operational roles across the business in the UK and US. 
 
Saunders is a Chartered Engineer and a Fellow of the Institute of Marine Engineering, Science and Technology. 
He earned a Master of Science degree in Subsea Engineering from Cranfield and Heriot-Watt Universities, and a 
Master of Business Administration from Henley Management College.  
 
Larry Brian Worrell 
Mr. Worrell is the Chief Financial Officer for Baker Hughes. With more than 30 years of experience as a financial 
executive, he most recently served as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for GE Oil & Gas since January 
2014. In December 2010, he assumed the role of Vice President, GE Corporate Financial Planning & Analysis.

--- Page 42 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
42
Worrell was Vice President of the GE Corporate Audit Staff from January 2006 to December 2010, where he led a 
team of 750 people in ensuring financial statement integrity, controllership, compliance, and best practices 
throughout the company. He has worked on five continents and in multiple businesses throughout his career and 
has served on several Boards of Directors for companies and non-profits. 
 
Worrell is a graduate of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, with an honors degree in economics. 
 
Karl Erik Kjelstad 
Mr. Kjelstad is CEO of Akastor. He joined Akastor in 2014, he has been part of the Aker group since 1998 and has 
held numerous key positions including various CEO positions. Karl Erik has also held several board positions in 
different industries, including oil service, offshore drilling, offshore and merchant shipping, shipbuilding, IT services, 
real estate and construction industry. Karl Erik holds an MSc in Marine Engineering from the Norwegian University 
of Science and Technology (NTNU) and an AMP from Harvard Business School.  
 
Management 
 
Name  
Position  
Merril A. «Pete» Miller Jr. 
Chief Executive Officer 
Thomas “Tom” McGee 
Chief Financial Officer 
Dwight Rettig 
Chief Administration Officer and General Counsel 
Eirik Bergsvik 
President Equipment and System Solution 
Chuck Chauviere 
President Pressure Control Systems 
 
Merril A. «Pete» Miller Jr., see description under Board of Directors. 
 
Thomas “Tom” McGee  
Mr. McGee has more than 25 years of experience from the oil service, consulting and financial services industries. 
Previously, Mr. McGee served as Head of Corporate Development at National Oilwell Varco from 2006 – 2015. 
 
Other previous experience includes: 
• 
Office of the Chairman of MHWirth 2019-2021 
• 
Prior experience includes Executive in Residence with Warburg Pincus (2016-2018), Boston Consulting 
Group, and Credit Suisse First Boston 
• 
Degree in Economics from Vanderbilt University in 1995 
• 
MBA from Wharton Business School at the University of Pennsylvania in 2001 
 
Dwight Rettig 
Mr. Rettig has more than 30 years of experience from the oil service industry and previously served as General 
Counsel and Executive VP at National Oilwell Varco.  
 
Other previous experience includes: 
• 
Office of the Chairman of MHWirth 2019-2021 
• 
Assisted lead mgmt. buyout from US Steel & Armco Steel and later IPO 
• 
Established NOV’s compliance department 
 
Eirik Bergsvik 
Mr. Bergsvik has more than 35 years of experience from the oil service industry and previously served the board 
of MHWirth from 2014 to 2017. Currently he helds the position of President Equipment and Systems Solutions at 
HMH. Mr. Bergsvik has a degree in Business & Administration from Molde University College and Electrical 
Engineering from Trondheim Marine Engineers School. 
 
Other previous experience includes: 
• 
Chief Executive Officer of Interwell AS, a leading supplier of down hole products for oil companies from 
2011-2017 
• 
Managing Director of National Oilwell Norway AS, a supplier of oilfield services and equipment to the oil 
and gas industry from 2006 to 2011 
 
Chuck Chauviere 
Mr. Chauviere is the President of HMH Pressure Control systems as of October 2021. Prior to that, the Vice 
President of Subsea Drilling Systems for Baker Hughes, a position he has served in from 2008 until the fall of 2021.  
Chuck joined Hydril in 1998 where he has held several global roles including, services, operations, projects, 
engineering, Vice President Pressure Control and finally that of CEO Hydril Pressure Control.  Prior to joining Hydril, 
he was employed for 10 years with Cooper Cameron Corporation in the corporate quality team and finally as a 
Project Manager in the subsea business.

--- Page 43 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
43
He currently serves on the Energy Workforce & Technology Council and the board of Hydril Pressure Control India.   
Chuck is a graduate of Texas A&M University with a BS of Industrial Engineering and attended the Stanford 
Executive Program.   
Other previous experience includes: 
• 
CEO/VP/Dir. Eng, Hydril Co., Houston, TX, USA, 1998-2008 
• 
Subsea Proj. Mgmt., QA, Cameron, Houston. TX, USA, 1987-1998 
• 
BS Industrial Engineering, Texas A&M University 
• 
Stanford Executive Program 
 
 
9.1.2 MHWirth AS 
 
Board of Directors 
 
Name  
Position  
Merril A. «Pete» Miller Jr. 
Chairman 
Eirik Bergsvik 
Board member 
Pål Skogerbø 
Board member 
Dag Arthur Stenevik 
Board member 
Arne Albrektsen 
Board member 
Asle Christian Halvorsen 
Board member 
Stian Sjølund 
Board member 
 
Merril A. «Pete» Miller Jr., see description under 9.1.1 HMH Holding B.V. Board of Directors.  
 
Eirik Bergsvik, see description under 9.1.1 HMH Holding B.V. Management. 
 
Pål Skogerbø 
Mr. Skogerbø has more than 20 years of experience from the oil service industry and has served as CTO for 
MHWirth since 2019. Prior to that, Pål held several global roles within MHWirth and Aker Solutions. He joined 
Maritime Hydraulics in 1999.  
  
Other previous experience includes: 
• 
Member of the board Mechatronic Innovation Lab (MIL), a national center for innovation, piloting and 
technology qualification, 2021 - 2022  
• 
BSc in Mechatronic from UiA (1995) in and MSc in Process Automation from HiT (1997) 
 
Dag Arthur Stenevik  
Mr. Stenevik has more than 25 years of experience from the oil service, consulting and financial services industries. 
Currently he serves as CFO at MHWirth AS. Previously, Mr. Stenevik served in various CFO positions in 
Cameron/Schlumberger from 2006 to 2018. 
  
Other previous experience includes: 
• 
Manager in KPMG Audits 1998 – 2001 
• 
CFO in Alloc Flooring 2001 – 2006. 
• 
Certified Chartered Accountant and Master in Accounting from Norwegian School of Economics 
• 
Bachelor Degree in Engineering from University of Agder 
 
Arne Albrektsen 
Mr. Albrektsen has more than 13 years experience from serveral HMH companies, and currently holds the 
position as Project Manager. Mr. Albrektsen has been on the board of MHWirth AS since 2013. 
  
Other previous experience includes: 
• 
Board Member of MHWirth AS (earlier Aker MH) since 2013 
• 
Structural Design engineer with Aker MH / Aker Solutions from 2009-2013 
• 
MSc in Engineering from NTNU in 2009 
 
Asle Christian Halvorsen 
Mr. Halvorsen currently works as Sales Manager at HMH and has more than 10 years of experience in the oil and 
gas industry. He started his career as an Engineer in the Mud Products deptartment at HMH.

--- Page 44 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
44
  
Other experience includes: 
• 
Director on the board of Akastor ASA 2017-2023 
• 
Director on the board of MHWirth AS 2021-2023 
• 
Executive Master of Management from BI in 2022 
• 
BSc in mechanical engineering from Sør-Trøndelag University College in 2011 
 
Stian Sjølund 
Mr. Sjolund has 24 years of experience from the oil service industry. He started as an engineer in Norcon Enginering 
before joining MHWirth AS in 2000. Mr Sjolund has held several positions within the company, and also spent a 
number of years abroad as lead in various projects. Current position in the company is Drilling analyst. He is a 
Board member at Akastor ASA and MhWirth AS. He also holds a position as a Group Union Convener for Akastor. 
  
Other previous experience includes: 
• 
Degree in engineering from Sørlandets Technical school 
• 
2 years of electrical engineering at Saint-Gobain 
 
 
Management 
 
Name  
Position  
Eirik Bergsvik 
Chief Executive Officer 
Dag Arthur Stenevik 
Chief Financial Officer 
Roy Dyrseth 
Chief Commercial Officer 
Jan Petter Knutsen 
Senior Vice President 
Pål Skogerbø 
Chief Technology Officer 
Torbjørn Rue 
Vice President 
Magne Hovland 
Senior Vice President 
 
Eirik Bergsvik, see description under 9.1.1 HMH Holding B.V. Management. 
 
Dag Arthur Stenevik, see description under 9.1.2 MHWirth AS Board of Directors. 
 
Roy Dyrseth 
Mr. Dyrseth joined MHWirth in 2013 as CEO. Since February 2016 he has had a dual role, Executive Director in 
Akastor for drilling related business development and Chief Commercial Officer at MHWirth. Prior to joining 
Akastor Roy held various executive management positions National Oilwell Varco (NOV). Roy holds a BSc in 
Marine Technical Operations from Aalesund University College. 
 
Jan Petter Knutsen 
Mr Knutsen has 26 years experience from HMH and subsidiaries, and currently serves as Senior Vice President 
Global DLS (Drilling Lifecycle Services). Prior to this he held positions such as VP/SVP Region Europe, Global 
Overhaul Manager, Production/planning manager, Customer Service Center manager and Warehouse manager. 
 
Other previous experience includes: 
• 
Technical degree from Teknisk Fagskole 
• 
Financial and administration degree from University of Agder 
 
Pål Skogerbø, see description under 9.1.2 MHWirth AS Board of Directors. 
 
Thorbjørn Rue 
Mr. Torbjørn Rue has more than 20 years’ experience gained on a wide range of multi discipline projects, 
whereas the last 15 years in MHWirth. Since he started in MHWirth he has held different Department manager 
positions within Procurement and Technical management. He has always been strongly involved in project 
execution and has several years of experience as Department and Project Manager for offshore projects, 
managing deliveries from the design phase through to Procurement, Construction and Commissioning.  
 
Other previous experience includes: 
• 
Master of Science from the University of Stavanger 
• 
The Norwegian Military Academy 
 
Magne Hovland 
Mr. Hovland has more than 15 years of experience from the oil service and financial services industries. Previously, 
Mr. Hovland served in several VP positions within Operations and most recently as COO for MHWirth 2020 – 2022.

--- Page 45 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
45
 
Other previous experience includes: 
• 
Various Management positions at National Oilwell Varco  
• 
Management position and JV assignment for Credigy Solutions Inc. (subsidiary of National Bank of 
Canada) 
• 
MBA and BBA from Griffith University in 2001 
 
9.1.3 Hydril USA Distribution LLC 
 
Board of Directors 
 
Name  
Position  
Chuck Chauviere 
Board member 
David Ewing Bratton 
Board member 
James Daniel Connelly 
Board member 
 
Chuck Chauviere, see description under 9.1.1 HMH Holding B.V. Management. 
 
David Ewing Bratton 
Mr. Bratton is the Chief Financial Officer of HMH Pressure Control Systems as of October 2021.  Prior to that, he 
was the Chief Financial Officer of Subsea Drilling Systems for Baker Hughes, a position he has served in from 
2020 until the fall of 2021.  David joined Subsea Drilling Systems in 2017 where he has held the role of FP&A 
leader, responsible for segment financial and operational planning and reporting, cash flow planning and analysis 
and functional process improvement. Prior to joining Subsea Drilling Systems, he was employed for five years 
with General Electric in roles spanning across GE’s industrial companies (GE Corporate, GE Aviation, GE Power) 
with GE’s Financial Management Program and as an Audit Manager with GE’s Corporate Audit Staff in which he 
led teams in both advisory and assurance assignments. 
 
Other previous experience includes: 
• 
Corporate Audit Staff, General Electric Company, Boston, MA, USA, 2014-2017 
• 
Financial Management Program, GE Aviation, Cincinnati, OH USA, 2012-2014 
• 
Bachelor of Business Administration (Finance), University of Notre Dame Notre Dame, IN 
 
James Daniel Connelly 
Mr. Connelly currently serves as General Counsel PCS and Senior Vice President at HMH.  Dan sits on the 
leadership team and reports directly to the HMH General Counsel and President North America. Dan has 
responsibility for all legal issues related to the PCS businesses, including leading a team, negotiating customer 
contracts with private and state-owned energy companies, leading the legal team’s response to issues concerning 
customers and third party agents, managing insurance and compliance, managing product safety, HSE and recall 
issues, communicating with industry regulators, managing litigation and intellectual property, supporting mergers & 
acquisitions, dealing with internal quality, managing outside counsel, and a wide variety of other issues that affect 
and impact HMH.  Dan also currently serves as the New Zealand Honorary Consul General and Head of Post in 
the Houston, Texas Consulate with jurisdiction in Texas, Louisiana and Oklahoma.  
 
Prior to accepting his current role, Dan served as Senior Counsel at Baker Hughes and is the lead commercial 
counsel in the North America region for the Oilfield Equipment portfolio of businesses servicing domestic and 
international oil & gas companies and operating across the globe, with a significant presence in North and South 
America, Asia and the Middle East. He was previously a Senior Associate with Vinson & Elkins LLP in the Beijing 
and Houston offices, and was Counsel with Wikborg Rein, a European law firm, in the Shanghai office, where his 
practice focused on international mergers & acquisitions and transactions related to the upstream energy industry.  
After law school, Dan served as a Federal Law Clerk for Chief Judge John H. Hannah, Jr., U.S. District Court, 
Eastern District of Texas (2002).  Dan, a native of Texas, earned a Juris Doctor from South Texas College of Law 
in Houston, Texas, graduating Salutatorian in his class (2001).  Dan graduated from the University of Texas at 
Austin with a Bachelor of Science in Communications (1992). 
 
 
Management 
 
Name  
Position  
Chuck Chauviere 
President

--- Page 46 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
46
Michael Denk 
Vice President 
David Ewing Bratton 
Vice President, CFO & Treasurer 
Steven Brooks 
Vice President & assistant Treasurer 
Kevin Joyce 
Vice President 
Oscar Rodriguez 
Vice President 
Matt Mosely 
Vice President 
Kristen Culver 
Vice President 
James Daniel Connelly 
Vice President & Secretary 
Sue Gregory 
Assistant Secretary 
 
 
Chuck Chauviere, see description under 9.1.1 HMH Holding B.V. Management. 
 
Michael Denk 
Mr. Denk has more than 15 years of engineering, product development, and managerial experience in the oil field 
equipment and services industry. Previously, Mr. Denk served as the Global Director of Engineering at Baker 
Hughes Subsea Drilling Systems from 2020-2021. 
 
Other previous experience includes: 
• 
Director and board member of Baker Hughes Drilling Engineering Services of India, 2020-Current 
• 
Prior experience at GE Oil & Gas and Baker Hughes includes Engineering Subsection Manager (2012-
2017), Blow Out Preventer Senior/Principal Engineer (2017-2020) 
• 
Master of Science in Mechanical Engineering from the Georgia Institute of Technology in 2011 
• 
Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering from Marquette University in 2008 
 
David Ewing Bratton, see description under 9.1.3 Hydril USA Distribution LLC Board of Directors. 
 
 
Steven Brooks 
Mr. Brooks has more than 9 years of experience in the energy sector, currently serving as Director of Financial 
Planning and Analysis (FP&A) for HMH leading all aspects of financial planning. 
 
Other previous experience includes: 
• 
Various finance roles within the former Oil & Gas division of General Electric that merged with Baker 
Hughes 
• 
MBA from Cameron School of Business at the University of St. Thomas in 2013 
 
Kevin Joyce 
Mr. Joyce has more than 25 years of operations, manufacturing, and supply chain experiences, most notably in the 
Oil and Gas industry and Energy sector for Power Plant Equipment, Operations and Services.  Mr. Joyce has held 
several strategic and operational assignments and most recently as the Executive Director of Global Manufacturing 
and Supply Chain for Baker Hughes from 2012-2021. 
 
Other Previous experiences: 
• 
(BS) Norwich University – (Military College of Vermont), (MBA) Regis University, Postgraduate Executive 
Program - Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) – Strategy, Operations and Technology 
• 
General Electric Company Chairman’s Award (2014/2017) 
• 
Frost and Sullivan Award (2014) – Manufacturing Leadership – ESP Supply Chain  
• 
Supply Chain Committee for the Energy Workforce & Technology Council  
• 
Captain United States Army – Operations Officer 
 
Oscar Rodriguez 
Mr. Rodriguez has 20 years of experience from the oil service, and manufacturing industry. Mr Rodriguez developed 
his Oilfield career in South America, India, China, USA GOM, UAE. He served in different technical, operational 
and leadership positions for Schlumberger from 2003 – 2014. He served as Director for Projects and Services in 
Baker Hughes 2018-2021. 
 
Other previous experience includes: 
• 
Global Field Services Leader, GE Oil and Gas 2014-2018 
• 
NAM Gulf of Mexico head of operations for downhole tools, Schlumberger 2010-2014 
• 
Degree in Chemical Engineering, Western University, Venezuela 2002. 
 
Matt Mosely 
Mr. Mosley has more than 24 years of experience in the oil & gas industry having held various leadership positions 
throughout his 20 year tenure with Hydril Company, Tenaris, GE Oil & Gas, Baker Hughes and now HMH.

--- Page 47 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
47
  
Previous experience includes: 
• 
Regional Sales Leader - Europe, West Africa and CIS – Hydril PCB Ltd. – Aberdeen, UK 
• 
Regional Sales Leader- The Americas – GE Oil & Gas – Houston, Texas 
• 
Key Account Director – GE Oil & Gas/Baker Hughes 
• 
BBA Degree from Texas A&M University in 1995 
• 
Rice University, Jones Graduate School of Business - Advanced Management Program in 2006 
 
Kristen Culver 
Mrs. Culver has more than 15 years of experience from the oil service industry and previously served as a global 
human resources executive for Baker Hughes since 2015. 
 
Other previous experience includes: 
• 
Various HR leadership roles at Baker Hughes since joining in 2007 
• 
Master of Science in Human Resource Management from Texas A&M University 
• 
Bachelor of Business Administration from Baylor University 
  
James Daniel Connelly, see description under 9.1.3 Hydril USA Distribution LLC Board of Directors. 
 
Sue Gregory 
Mrs. Gregory has served as Contract Manager for the Pressure Control Systems (“PCS”) business since 2014. Mrs. 
Gregory has over 35 years of experience in commercial proposal development, contract management, and 
corporate secretarial services. Previously, she served from 1985 to 2014 in various commercial, marketing and 
legal management roles for Synagro Technologies, a water and wastewater residuals recycling company. Ms. 
Gregory has a certificate in Office Management from Woodridge Business Institute and a certificate in Paralegal 
Studies from Houston Community College. 
 
 
 
9.1.4 Hydril PCB Limited 
 
Board of Directors 
 
Name  
Position  
Chuck Chauviere 
Board member 
David Ewing Bratton 
Board member 
James Daniel Connelly 
Board member 
 
Chuck Chauviere, see description under 9.1.1 HMH Holding B.V. Management. 
 
James Dan Connelly, see description under 9.1.3 Hydril USA Distribution LLC Board of Directors. 
 
David Ewing Bratton, see description under 9.1.3 Hydril USA Distribution LLC Board of Directors. 
 
 
Management 
 
Name  
Position  
Chuck Chauviere 
Director 
David Ewing Bratton 
Director 
James Daniel Connelly 
Director 
 
Chuck Chauviere, see description under 9.1.1 HMH Holding B.V. Management. 
 
David Ewing Bratton, see description under 9.1.3 Hydril USA Distribution LLC Board of Directors. 
 
James Dan Connelly, see description under 9.1.3 Hydril USA Distribution LLC Board of Directors.

--- Page 48 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
48
9.1.5 HMH Drilling Asia Pte Ltd 
 
Board of Directors 
 
Name  
Position  
Chuck Chauviere 
Board member 
David Ewing Bratton 
Board member 
James Daniel Connelly 
Board member 
Mirji Dhananjay Pandurang 
Board member 
 
Chuck Chauviere, see description under 9.1.1 HMH Holding B.V. Management. 
 
David Ewing Bratton, see description under 9.1.3 Hydril USA Distribution LLC Board of Directors. 
 
James Dan Connelly, see description under 9.1.3 Hydril USA Distribution LLC Board of Directors. 
 
Mirji Dhananjay Pandurang 
Mr. Pandurang has more than 24 years of experience from the Oil & Gas, Refinery and Power industry working with 
ABB, EMERSON, General Electric and BHGE. 
  
Other previous experience includes: 
• 
Commercial operation leader for Optimization & Control business in Asia-Pacific region, GE 
• 
Regional Director for Drilling Business in Asia-Pacific & India, BHGE 
• 
Several leadership roles with functional and regional experience including field service, application 
engineering, commercial, operations, projects & services  
• 
Degree in Instrumentation & Controls from Pune University, India in 1996 
 
 
Management 
 
Name  
Position  
Chuck Chauviere 
Director 
David Ewing Bratton 
Director 
James Daniel Connelly 
Director 
Mirji Dhananjay Pandurang 
Director 
 
Chuck Chauviere, see description under 9.1.1 HMH Holding B.V. Management. 
 
David Ewing Bratton, see description under 9.1.3 Hydril USA Distribution LLC Board of Directors. 
 
James Dan Connelly, see description under 9.1.3 Hydril USA Distribution LLC Board of Directors. 
 
Mirji Dhananjay Pandurang, see description under 9.1.5 HMH Drilling Asia Pte Ltd Board of Directors. 
 
 
9.1.6 MHWirth GmbH 
 
Board of Directors 
 
Name  
Position  
Eirik Bergsvik 
Chairman 
Ellen Jacobs 
Vice Chairman of the Board 
Edeltraut Theißen 
Board member 
Dag Arthur Stenevik 
Board member 
 
Eirik Bergsvik, see description under 9.1.1 HMH Holding B.V. Management. 
 
Ellen Jacobs

--- Page 49 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
49
Mrs. Jacobs has 30 years of experience from HMH Erkelenz. During this period she has held various positions, 
such as assistant and project manager roles. Currently, she serves as Chairman of the Work Council, is a member 
of the Supervisory Board at MHWirth GmbH and member of the Global Work Counsil.  
 
 
Edeltraut Theißen 
Mrs. Theißen has more than 30 years of experience from MHWirth GmbH. Previously she has worked within the 
spareparts sales team. Currently, she is a member of the Work Council, and a member of the Supervisory Board 
at MHWirth GmbH. 
 
Dag Arthur Stenevik, see description under 9.1.2 MHWirth AS Board of Directors. 
 
 
Management 
 
Name  
Position  
Joachim Schlebusch 
Managing Director 
Andreas Escher 
Director 
Dirk Lindenlauf 
Director 
Thomas Cossmann 
Senior Manager 
 
Joachim Schlebusch 
Mr Joachim Schlebusch has 20 years of experience from the oil and gas industry, as well as other international 
industrial experience (construction machines etc.) working in various positions, such as: 
• 
Head of Finance and Controlling  
• 
Board Member of MHWirth GmbH (2019 -2022) 
• 
CFO /CAO (with responsibility for HR, Legal, IT/IS, and Finance/ Controlling and Risk Management) 
• 
Current Position: Managing Director of MHWirth GmbH  
 
Other previous experience includes: 
• 
Diploma from FOM University of Applied Sciences for Economics and Management, Essen, Germany, in 
2009 (Mergers and Acquisitions: The Integration as an Essential Part of a Successful Merger) 
• 
International Study: Diploma from Avans Hogeschool in Breda, North Brabant, Netherlands (International 
Management) 
 
Dag Arthur Stenevik, see description under 9.1.2 MHWirth AS Board of Directors. 
 
Andreas Escher 
Mr. Escher has 18 years of experience from the oil and gas industry, working in various technical positions, such 
as; 
• 
Senior Manager Production (MHWirth GmbH, 2019-2021) 
• 
Manager Manufacturing (MHWirth GmbH, 2016-2018) 
• 
Head of Industrial Engineering (MHWirth GmbH, 2010-2015) 
 
Dirk Lindenlauf 
Mr. Lindenlauf has more than 20 years of experience in the after sales market of HMH Erkelenz Equipment, whereof 
11 years in a leading position. Previously, Mr. Lindenlauf served as a service engineer at LS Mechanik GmbH from 
1994 – 2000. 
 
Other previous experience includes: 
• 
Degree in state certified mechanical engineer from University of applied sciences Geilenkirchen 
• 
Degree in state certified environmental engineer from European Akademie Cologne 
 
Thomas Cossmann 
Mr. Cossmann has more than 10 years of experience in project management, the oil and gas industry, and the 
product line of HMH Erkelenz.  
During this period he has held various positions, such as: 
• 
Senior Manager Project Management & SCM (MHWirth GmbH, 2022-now) 
• 
Delivery Manager Mud Pumps & Slurry Pumps (MHWirth GmbH, 2016-2022) 
• 
Project Manager Oilfield & Pumps (MHWirth GmbH, 2014-2016) 
• 
Project Manager Mining & Construction (MHWirth GmbH, 2012-2014) 
 
Other previous experience includes: 
• 
Diploma in Industrial Engineering, Technical University RWTH Aachen, 2012

--- Page 50 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
50
9.1.7 MHWirth FZE 
 
Board of Directors 
 
Name  
Position  
Eirik Bergsvik 
Chairman 
Walid Galal Kotb Mohamed 
Board member 
Muhamed Shanavaz Kokath 
Board member 
 
Eirik Bergsvik, see description under 9.1.1 HMH Holding B.V. Management. 
 
Walid Galal Kotb Mohamed 
Mr. Mohamed has more than 18 years of experience from the oil and gas industry, equipment and drilling 
optimization services. Previously, he served as Regional Sales Manager for MEA at National Oilwell Varco from 
2012 – 2014 for the Instrumentation, Monitoring and Optimization Division. 
  
Other previous experience includes: 
• 
Senior Sales manager MENA region of MHWirth 2014-2022 
• 
Prior experience includes Operations and Sales Director in Wildcat Oil Services 2006 – 2011 and Senior 
Equipment Mechanical Engineer in Egyptian Drilling Company 2003 -2006 
• 
Degree in Mechanical Engineering from Ain Shams University in 2002 
 
Muhamed Shanavaz Kokath 
Mr. Kokath has more than 13 years of experience in the oil & gas industry, focusing on financial planning and 
forecasting activities with business partners to achieve business and company goals. He also has experience in 
monitoring financial details to ensure legal compliance. 
 
Other previous experience includes: 
• 
Prior experience includes working with oil and gas companies like Seadrill and Baker Hughes 
• 
Working with American multinational technology and consulting corporation - IBM 
• 
Bachelor Degree in Commerce from University of Calicut in 2005 
• 
MBA in Finance from Christ College at the Pondicherry University in 2008 
 
 
Management 
 
Name  
Position  
Rakan Al Safi 
General Manager 
Walid Galal Kotb Mohamed 
Senior Manager 
 
Rakan Al Safi 
Mr. Al Saifi has more than 13 years of experience in the oil and gas industry. His main responsibilities have been 
strategy development, and leading cross-functional teams to bring about fundamental change, and process and 
profitability improvements. He holds the position of General Manager of MHWirth FZE. 
 
Other previous experience includes:  
• 
Bachelor’s Degree in Mechanical Engineering from The University of Manchester 
• 
Master’s Degree in Maintenance Engineering & Asset Management 
• 
Worked previously with a Drilling Contractor locally, and held several placements in International 
Organization in the UK 
 
Walid Dalal Kotb Mohamed, see description under 9.1.7 MHWirth FZE Board of Directors.

--- Page 51 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
51
9.1.8 MHWirth Do Brasil Equipamentos Ltda. 
 
Board of Directors 
 
There is no legal requirement to constitute a Board of Directors in a Brazilian limited liability company. Trond 
Fiskum acts as the sole managing director, with the powers to represent the company. Certain resolutions are 
subject to shareholders approval. 
 
 
Management 
 
Name  
Position  
Trond Fiskum 
VP and Managing Director 
 
Trond Fiskum 
Mr. Fiskum has been responsible for HMH in Brazil, previously MHWirth, since 2015. He has 17 years of experience 
from international leadership positions in the automotive and oil & gas industry and as management consultant at 
McKinsey & Co. 
  
Other previous experience includes: 
•           Management consultant at McKinsey & Co 1999-2002 
•           Executive management positions in Kongsberg Automotive 2010-2015 
•           MSc in Marine Technology from Norwegian University of Science and Technology in 1998 
•           MBA from ESADE, Barcelona, in 2005 
 
 
9.2 Administrative, management and supervisory bodies conflicts of 
interest  
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties to the Issuer or the Guarantors of the persons referred 
to in item 9.1 and their private interests and/or other duties.

--- Page 52 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
52
10 Major shareholders 
10.1 Ownership  
 
HMH Holding B.V. 
The share capital of HMH Holding B.V. is EUR 200 divided into 200 shares at a nominal value of EUR 1.00 each.  
 
The Company is owned by Baker Hughes Holdings LLC (50%), Akastor AS (25%), and Mercury HoldCo Inc (25%). 
Akastor ASA fully owns Akastor AS and Mercury HoldCo Inc. According to the shareholders' agreement between 
Baker Hughes and Akastor, the shareholders have joint control of HMH Holding BV and its subsidiaries. The 
Company has two classes of shares, class A and class B shares. 
 
MHWirth AS 
The share capital of MHWirth AS is NOK 100,200,004 divided into 100,200,004 shares at a nominal value of NOK 
1.00 each.  
 
The company is wholly owned by HMH Holding B.V. MHWirth AS has only one class of shares. 
 
Hydril USA Distribution LLC 
This entity does not have shares. 
 
The company is wholly owned by HMH Holding B.V.  
 
Hydril PCB Limited 
The share capital of Hydril PCB Limited is GBP 6,057,550 divided into 6,057,550 shares at a nominal value of GBP 
1.00 each.   
 
The company is wholly owned by HMH Holding B.V. through MHWirth UK Ltd, a subsidiary of MHWirth AS. Hydril 
PCB Limited has only one class of shares. 
 
HMH Drilling Asia Pte Ltd 
The share capital of HMH Drilling Asia Pte Ltd is USD 8,310,992 divided into 8,310,992 shares at a nominal value 
of USD 1.00 each.   
 
The company is wholly owned by HMH Holding B.V. mainly through MHWirth (Singapore) Pte Ltd., a subsidiary of 
MHWirth AS. HMH Drilling Asia Pte Ltd has only one class of shares. 
 
MHWirth GmbH 
The share capital of MHWirth GmbH is EUR 9,328,700 divided into 13 shares, from number 1 to 13 with the following 
nominal value each: 
Share number 1: EUR 1,718,648 
Share number 2: EUR 335,512 
Share number 3-6: EUR 342,360 each 
Share number 7: EUR 622,856 
Share number 8: EUR 121,594 
Share number 9-12: EUR 124,075 each 
Share number 13: EUR 4,664,350 
 
The company is wholly owned by HMH Holding B.V. through MHWirth Holdco AS, a subsidiary of MHWirth AS.  
 
MHWirth FZE 
The share capital of MHWirth FZE is AED 10,000,000 divided into 10 shares at a nominal value of AED 1,000,000.00 
each.  
 
The company is wholly owned by HMH Holding B.V through MHWirth AS. MHWirth FZE has only one class of 
shares. 
 
MHWirth Do Brasil Equipamentos Ltda. 
The share capital of MHWirth Do Brasil Equipamentos Ltda. is BRL 10,000 divided into 10,000 shares at a nominal 
value of BRL 1.00 each.  
 
The company is wholly owned by HMH Holding B.V through MHWirth AS. MHWirth Do Brasil Equipamentos Ltda. 
has only one class of shares.

--- Page 53 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
53
10.2 Change of control of the company 
There are no arrangements, known to the Company, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a 
change in control of the Company.

--- Page 54 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
54
11 Financial information concerning the Company's and 
the Guarantors’ assets and liabilities, financial position and 
profits and losses 
11.1 Historical Financial Information 
 
HMH Holding B.V. 
The HMH group was established with effect from October 1, 2021, through the parent company’s acquisition of all 
shares in MHWirth AS from Akastor ASA and the Subsea Drilling System business from Baker Hughes. These 
transactions have been accounted for as a business combination under IFRS 3, hence profit and loss items in the 
former MHWirth AS and Subsea Drilling System business have been incorporated in the special purpose financial 
statements from October 1, 2021. HMH Holding’s special purpose consolidated financial statements for 2021 
have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European 
Union (IFRS), as of December 31, 2021. These special purpose consolidated financial statements do not include 
comparative financial information. The Group's accounting policies are shown in the Annual Financial Statements 
2021, Section 1.1.  
 
HMH Holding B.V.’ consolidated financial statements 2021 is attached as annex 2. Historical financial information 
is available on the pages shown below. 
 
 
Annual Financial Statements 
 
2021 
 
Page(s) 
HMH Holding B.V. Consolidated 
 
Consolidated income statement 
3 
 
Consolidated statement of financial position  
 
4 
 
Consolidated statement of cash flow 
 
5 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
 
7-41 
 
The unaudited Interim condensed financial information as of June 30 2022 for HMH Holding B.V. including 
subsidiaries is attached as Annex 2 (this interim financial information is not prepared in accordance with IAS34).  
 
MHWirth AS 
MHWirth AS’ financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the Accounting Act and generally 
accepted accounting principles in Norway. 
 
The company's accounting policies are shown in MHWirth AS’ restated* annual accounts 2021 note 1.  
The MHWirth AS annual accounts 2020 and MHWirth AS restated annual accounts 2021 are attached as annex 
2. Historical financial information is available on the pages shown below. 
 
 
             Annual Financial Statements 
 
2021 
2020 
MHWirth AS 
 
 
Profit and loss statement 
3 
3 
Balance sheet  
4-5 
4-5 
 
Cash flow statement 
 
7 
 
7 
 
Notes to the accounts 
 
8-23 
 
8-27 
 
*The cash flow statement has been adjusted to reflect actual cash flow transactions. Thus, transactions with no cash flow effect have been 
removed. The adjustments are mainly explained by removal of group transactions (group contribution and dividends) which had no cash effect. 
The adjustments also implied a change in the allocation between cash flow from operations, investment activities and financing activities. The 
comparative figures for 2020 are changed accordingly. 
 
Hydril USA Distribution LLC 
Hydril USA Distribution LLC’s financial statements 2021 and 2020 have been prepared in accordance with US 
GAAP.  
 
The company's accounting policies are shown in Hydril USA Distribution LLC’ financial statements 2021 and 2020 
note 1.

--- Page 55 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
55
The Hydril USA Distribution LLC Financial Statements December 31, 2021 and 2020 is attached as annex 2. 
Historical financial information is available on the pages shown below. 
 
 
 
             Annual Financial Statements 
 
2021 
2020 
Hydril USA Distribution LLC 
 
 
Statement of profit and loss 
3 
3 
Statement of financial position  
4 
4 
 
Statement of cashflow 
 
5 
 
5 
 
Notes to the accounts 
 
7-17 
 
7-17 
 
 
Hydril PCB Limited 
Hydril PCB Limited’s annual financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Financial Reporting 
Standard 101 ‘Reduced Disclosure Framework’ (FRS 101’) and the Companies Act 2006. In preparing the 
financial statements, the company applies the recognition, measurement and disclosure requirements of IFRS, 
but makes amendments where necessary in order to comply with Companies Act 2006 and FRS 101 disclosure 
exemptions.   
 
The company's accounting policies are shown in Hydril PCB Ltd. annual report and financial statements for the 
year ended 31 December 2021, note 2.  
 
The Hydril PCB Ltd. annual report and financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2020 and the annual 
report and financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 are attached as annex 2. Historical 
financial information is available on the pages shown below. 
 
 
             Annual Financial Statements 
 
2021 
2020 
Hydril PCB Limited 
 
 
Profit and loss account 
12 
15 
Balance sheet  
13 
16 
 
Statement of cashflow 
 
15 
 
NA* 
 
Notes to the accounts 
 
16-31 
 
18-32 
*Cashflow is prepared for 2021 including comparable numbers for 2020 
 
HMH Drilling Asia Pte Ltd. 
HMH Drilling Asia Pte Ltd.’s financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the provisions of the 
Companies Act 1967 (‘the Act’), Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (International, “SFRS(I)s”) and 
International Financial Reporting Standards. 
 
The company’s accounting policies are shown in HMH Drilling Asia Pte Ltd. annual report year ended 31 
December 2021, note 2.  
 
The HMH Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd. annual report year ended 31 December 2020 and the HMH Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd. 
annual report year ended 31 December 2021 are attached as annex 2. Historical financial information is available 
on the pages shown below. 
 
 
               Annual Financial Statements 
 
2021 
2020 
HMH Drilling Asia Pte Ltd. 
 
 
Statement of profit and loss 
8 
8 
Statement of financial position  
7 
7 
 
Statement of cashflow 
 
10 
 
10 
 
Notes to the accounts 
 
11-39 
 
11-32

--- Page 56 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
56
MHWirth GmbH 
MHWirth GmbH’s financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the provisions on accounting set 
out in the German Commercial Code and in the German Limited Liability Companies Act [GmbHG]. The 
company's accounting policies are shown in MHWirth GmbH annual financial statements as at 31 December 2021 
pages 9-10.  
 
The MHWirth GmbH annual financial statements as at 31 December 2020 and the MHWith GmbH annual 
financial statements at 31 December 2021 are attached as annex 2. Historical financial information is available on 
the pages shown below. 
 
 
 
               Annual Financial Statements** 
 
2021 
2020 
MHWirth GmbH 
 
 
Statement of income 
5 
5 
Balance sheet  
3 
3 
 
Statement of cashflow 
 
NA* 
 
NA* 
 
Notes to the accounts 
 
7-21 
 
7-21 
*Cashflow is not required according to accounting principle used 
** Refers to English translation of the audited Financial Statement 
 
MHWirth FZE 
MHWirth FZE’s financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting 
Standards and in accordance with The Jebel Ali Free Zone Companies Implementing Regulations 2016.  
 
The company's accounting policies are shown in MHWirth FZE financial statements 31 December 2021, page 9, 
note 3.  
 
The MHWirth FZE financial statements 31 December 2020 and the MHWirth FZE financial statements 31 
December 2021 are attached as annex 2. Historical financial information is available on the pages shown below. 
 
 
             Annual Financial Statements 
 
2021 
2020 
MHWirth FZE 
 
 
Statement of profit and loss 
4 
4 
Statement of financial position  
5 
5 
 
Statement of cashflows 
 
6 
 
6 
 
Notes  
 
8-30 
 
8-32 
 
 
MHWirth Do Brasil Equipamentos Ltda. 
MHWirth Do Brasil Equipamentos Ltda.’s financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Brazilian 
Corporate Legislation, the Pronouncements, Orientations, and Interpretations issued by the Brazilian Accounting 
Pronouncements Committee (CPC) and the accounting standards issued by the Brazilian Federal Accounting 
Council (CFC) (Brazil GAAP). In preparing these financial statements, the company applies the recognition, 
measurement requirements of International Financial Reporting Standards. Disclosure requirements according to 
Brazil GAAP are in some area less detailed. Majority of details excluded according to Brazil GAAP is not relevant 
for this entity. 
 
The company's accounting policies are shown in note 2 page 12 in the MHWirth Do Brasil Equipamentos Ltda. 
financial statements as at December 31, 2021.  
 
The MHWirth Do Brasil Equipamentos financial statements as at December 31, 2020 and the MHWirth Do Brasil 
Equipamentos financial statements as at December 31, 2021 are attached as annex 2. Historical financial 
information is available on the pages shown below.

--- Page 57 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
57
 
 
               Annual Financial Statements* 
 
2021 
2020 
MHWirth Do Brasil Equipamentos Ltda. 
 
 
Statement of profit and loss 
7 
7 
Statement of financial position  
6 
6 
 
Statement of cashflow 
 
10 
 
10 
 
Notes to the accounts 
 
11-30 
 
11-29 
*Refers to English translation of the audited Financial Statement 
 
 
 
11.2 Auditing of historical annual financial information 
 
11.2.1 Statement of audited historical financial information 
 
HMH Holding B.V. 
The audit has been conducted in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISAs). 
 
A statement of audited historical financial information is given in the special purpose annual financial statements 
2021, page 42-43. 
 
MHWirth AS 
The audit has been conducted in accordance with laws, regulations, and auditing standards and practises 
generally accepted in Norway, including International Standards on Auditing (ISAs). 
 
A statement of audited historical financial information is given in the restated annual accounts 2021, pages 34-35 
and the MHWirth Independent auditor’s report 2020, pages 1-3. 
 
Hydril USA Distribution LLC 
The audit has been conducted in accordance with laws, regulations, and auditing standards and practises 
generally accepted in Delaware, US, including International Standards on Auditing (ISAs). 
 
A statement of audited historical financial information is given in the annual financial statements 2021 and 2022, 
page 1-2. 
 
Hydril PCB Limited 
The audit has been conducted in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK)”) and 
applicable law. 
 
A statement of audited historical financial information is given in the annual report and financial statements 2021, 
pages 7-11 and Hydril PCB annual report and financial statements 2020, pages 10-14. 
 
HMH Drilling Asia Pte Ltd 
The audit has been conducted in accordance with laws, regulations, and auditing standards and practises 
generally accepted in Singapore, including International Standards on Auditing (ISAs). 
 
A statement of audited historical financial information is given in the annual report 2021, pages 4-6 and annual 
report 2020, pages 4-6. 
 
MHWirth GmbH 
The audit has been conducted in accordance with Section 317 HGB and the German Generally Accepted 
Standards for Financial Statement Audits promulgated by the Institut der Wirtschaftsprüfer (Institute of Public 
Auditors in Germay) (IDW). 
 
A statement of audited historical financial information is given in the MHWirth GmbH annual financial statement 
2021, pages 37-40 and MHWirth GmbH annual financial statements 2020, pages 35-38. 
 
MHWirth FZE 
The audit has been conducted in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISAs). 
 
A statement of audited historical financial information is given in the MHWirth FZE financial statements 2021, 
pages 3-5 and MHWirth financial statements 2020, pages 3-5.

--- Page 58 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
58
 
MHWirth Do Brasil Equipamentos Ltda. 
The audit has been conducted in accordance with laws, regulations, and auditing standards and practises 
generally accepted in Brazil, including International Standards on Auditing (ISAs). 
 
A statement of audited historical financial information is given in the MHWirth Do Brasil Equipamentos financial 
statements 2021, pages 3-4 and MHWirth Do Brasil Equipamentos financial statements 2020, pages 3-4. 
 
 
 
11.2.2 Other audited information 
No other information in this Base Prospectus has been audited. 
 
 
 
11.3 Age of latest financial information 
 
11.3.1 Last year of audited financial information 
The last year of audited financial information is 2021 for both the Issuer and the Guarantors. 
 
 
 
11.4 Legal and arbitration proceedings 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending 
or threatened of which the issuer or the guarantors are aware), during a period covering at least the previous 12 
months which may have or have had in the recent past significant effects on the issuer and/or group’s financial 
position or profitability. 
 
 
 
11.5 Significant change in the Company’s or the Guarantors’ 
financial position 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or the Guarantors since the date of 
their last published audited financial statements.  
 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Group since the end of the last financial 
period for which financial information has been published to the date of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 59 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
59
12 Documents available  
 
The following documents (or copies thereof) may be inspected for the life of the Base Prospectus at the 
headquarters of the Company, Weerdestein 97, 1083 GG Amsterdam, The Netherlands, or at 
https://www.hmhw.com: 
 
(a) the up-to-date memorandum and articles of association of the Company; 
 
(b) all reports, letters, and other documents, valuations and statements prepared by any expert at the Company's 
request, any part of which is included or referred to in the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 60 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
60
13 Financial instruments that can be issued under the Base 
Prospectus 
The Base Prospectus, as approved in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation 2017/1129, allows for 
Bonds to be offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market situated or operating within any 
EEA country.  
 
This chapter describes the form, type, definitions, general terms and conditions, return and redemption 
mechanisms, rating and template for Final Terms associated with the Bonds. 
 
Risk factors related to the Bonds are described in Chapter 1 Risk Factors. 
 
13.1 Securities Form 
A Bond is a financial instrument as defined in the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (Verdipapirhandelloven)  
§ 2-2.  
 
The Bonds are electronically registered in book-entry form with the Securities Depository.  
13.2 Security Type 
Borrowing limit – tap issue 
The Loan may be either open or closed for increase of the Borrowing Amount during the tenor. A tap issue can 
take place until five banking days before the Maturity Date. If the issue is open, the First Tranche and Borrowing 
Limit will be specified in the Applicable Final Terms. 
 
Return 
Fixed Rate (FIX) 
A Bond issue with a fixed Interest Rate will bear interest at a fixed rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
The Interest Rate will be payable annually or semi-annually on the Interest Payment Dates as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
Floating Rate (FRN) 
A Bond issue with a floating Interest Rate will bear interest equal to a Reference Rate plus a fixed Margin for a 
specified period (3, 6 or 12 months). Interest Rate or Reference Rate may be deemed to be zero. The period 
lengths are equal throughout the term of the Loan, but each Interest Payment Date is adjusted in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention. The Interest Rate for each forthcoming period is determined two Business Days 
prior to each Interest Payment Date based on the then current value of the Reference Rate plus the Margin. 
 
The Interest Rate will be payable quarterly, semi-annually or annually on the the Interest Payment Dates as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
The relevant Reference Rate, the Margin, the Interest Payment Dates and the then current Interest Rate will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Redemption 
The Loan will mature in full at the Maturity Date at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the nominal amount.  
 
The Issuer may have the option to prematurely redeem the Loan in full at terms specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
The Bondholders may have the right to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds held by that 
Bondholder at terms specified in the applicable Final terms. 
 
Security 
The Bonds may be either secured or unsecured. Details will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Negative pledge 
The Bonds may have negative pledge clause. Details will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 61 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
61
 
13.3 Definitions 
This section includes a summary of the definitions set out in any Bond Terms as well as certain other definitions 
relevant for this Prospectus. The Bond Trustee may amend the definitions in the Bond Tems for any new issue of 
bonds during the tenor of this Base Prospectus. This may cause the definitions in this Base Prospectus to be 
incorrect and no longer valid for such new issues of bonds. If the definitions in this Base Prospectus at any point 
in time no longer represents the correct understanding of the definitions set out in the Bond Terms, the Bond 
Terms shall prevail. The Bond Tems are attached to the Final Terms. 
 
Additional Bonds: 
Means the debt instruments issued under a Tap Issue, including any Temporary Bonds. 
 
 
Attachment: 
Means any schedule, appendix or other attachment to the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Base Prospectus: 
This document. Describes the Issuer and predefined features of Bonds that can be listed under 
the Base prospectus, as specified in the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Valid for 12 
months after it has been published. In this period, a prospectus may be constituted by the 
Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus and a Final Terms for each new 
issue. 
 
 
Bond Issue/Bonds/ 
Notes/the Loan: 
Means (i) the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to the Bond Terms, including any 
Additional Bonds, and (ii) any overdue and unpaid principal which has been issued under a 
separate ISIN in accordance with the regulations of the CSD from time to time. 
 
 
Bond Terms: 
The terms and conditions, including all Attachments which form an integrated part of the Bond 
Terms, in each case as amended and/or supplemented from time to time. 
 
 
Bondholder: 
A person who is registered in the CSD as directly registered owner or nominee holder of a 
Bond, subject however to the Bondholders’ rights in the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Bondholders’ 
decisions: 
The Bondholders’ Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in 
all matters relating to the Bonds and has the power to make all decisions altering the terms and 
conditions of the Bonds, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and 
any conversion of the Bonds into other capital classes. 
 
At the Bondholders’ meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each voting bond owned 
at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders’ meeting in the records 
registered in the Securities Depository.  
 
In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the voting bonds must be represented at the 
Bondholders' meeting. See also the clause for repeated Bondholders’ meeting in the Bond 
Terms.  
 
Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the votes at the Bondholders' Meeting, 
however, a majority of at least 2/3 of the voting bonds represented at the Bondholders’ Meeting 
is required for any waiver or amendment of any terms of the Bond Terms. 
 
(For more details, see also the clause for Bondholders’ decisions in the Bond Terms) 
 
 
Bondholders rights: 
Bondholders' rights are specified in the Bond Terms.  
 
By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the CSD, the 
Bondholders are bound by the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Bond Trustee: 
Nordic Trustee AS, Postboks 1470 Vika, 0116 Oslo, or its successor(s) Website: 
https://nordictrustee.com 
 
The Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent, the 
Bondholders in all matters, including but not limited to taking any legal or other action, 
including enforcement of the Bond Terms, and the commencement of bankruptcy or other 
insolvency proceedings against the Issuer, or others. 
 
The Bond Trustee shall represent the Bondholders in accordance with the finance documents. 
The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess or monitor the financial condition of the Issuer or 
any other obligor unless to the extent expressly set out in the Bond Terms, or to take any steps

--- Page 62 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
62
to ascertain whether any event of default has occurred. The Bond Trustee is entitled to take 
such steps that it, in its sole discretion, considers necessary or advisable to protect the rights 
of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of the finance documents. 
 
 
Borrowing Limit – Tap 
Issue and Borrowing 
Amount/First Tranche 
Borrowing Limit is the maximum issue amount for an open Bond issue.  
 
Borrowing Amount/First Tranche is the borrowing amount for a closed Bond Issue, eventually 
the borrowing amount for the first tranche of an open Bond Issue. 
 
Borrowing Limit – Tap Issue and Borrowing Amount/First Tranche will be specified in the Final 
Terms. 
 
 
Bridge Loan: 
Means the USD 150,000,000 loan made under the Bridge Facility (as defined in the Existing 
Facilities Agreement under the Bond Terms) (including accrued unpaid interest and fees). 
 
 
Business Day: 
Means a day both the relevant CSD settlement system and the relevant Bond currency 
settlement system is open for settlement. 
 
 
Business Day 
Convention: 
If the last day of any Interest Period originally falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the 
Interest Payment Date will be as follow: 
 
If Fixed Rate, the Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day (Following Business Day convention). 
 
If FRN, the Interest Period will be extended to include the first following Business Day unless 
that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case the Interest Period will be shortened to 
the first preceding Business Day (Modified Following Business Day convention). 
 
 
Calculation Agent: 
The Bond Trustee, if not otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
 
Call Option: 
The Final Terms may specify that the Issuer is entitled to redeem (all or some of) the 
Outstanding Bonds prior to the Maturity Date. 
 
In such case the Call Date(s), the Call Price(s) and the Call Notice Period will be specified in 
the Final Terms. 
 
 
Change of Control 
Event: 
Means any event whereby the Parent Entities cease to (i) control more than 2/3 of the voting 
rights of the Issuer and (ii) maintain board control through majority representation. 
 
 
Currency: 
The currency in which the bond issue is denominated. 
 
Currency will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Day Count Convention: The convention for calculation of payment of interest; 
a) If Fixed Rate, the interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of 
twelve months of 30 days each and, in case of an incomplete month, the actual number 
of days elapsed (30/360-days basis), unless: 
(i) the last day in the relevant Interest Period is the 31st calendar day but the first day of 
that Interest Period is a day other than the 30th or the 31st day of a month, in which 
case the month that includes that last day shall not be shortened to a 30–day month; 
or 
(ii) the last day of the relevant Interest Period is the last calendar day in February, in 
which case February shall not be lengthened to a 30-day month. 
(b) If FRN, the interest shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (actual/360-
days basis). 
 
 
Decisive Influence: 
Means a person having, as a result of an agreement or through the ownership of shares or 
interests in another person (directly or indirectly): 
(a) a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or 
(b) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors of that other 
person. 
 
 
Denomination – Each 
Bond: 
The nominal amount of each Bond. 
 
Denomination of each bond will be specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 63 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
63
 
 
Disbursement Date / 
Issue Date 
Date of bond issue.  
 
On the Issue Date the bonds will be delivered to the Bondholder’s VPS-account against 
payment or to the Bondholder’s custodian bank if the Bondholder does not have his/her own 
VPS-account. 
 
The Issue Date will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Early redemption – 
Equity Clawback: 
The Final Terms may specify that the Issuer may use the net cash proceeds received by the 
Group from an equity issue to redeem Bonds, as specified in the Bond Terms. 
 
In such case the terms of the early redemption option will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Early redemption 
option due to a tax 
event: 
The Final Terms may specify that the Issuer is entitled to redeem all (but not only some) of the 
Outstanding Bonds prior to the Maturity Date due to a tax event. 
 
In such case the terms of the early redemption option will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Event of Default 
Means any of the events or circumstances specified in the Bond Terms (Events of Default). 
 
 
Exchange: 
Means: 
(a) Oslo Børs (the Oslo Stock Exchange); or 
(b) any regulated market as such term is understood in accordance with the Markets in 
Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU (MiFID II) and Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 on 
markets in financial instruments (MiFIR).  
 
 
Final Terms: 
Document describing securities as specified in Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, 
prepared as part of the Prospectus. Final Terms will be prepared for each new security as 
specified in Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, issued by the Issuer. 
 
 
Guarantee: 
Means the joint and several unconditional Norwegian law guarantee (Norwegian: 
“selvskyldnerkausjon”) issued by each Guarantor. 
 
 
Guarantor: 
Means the Initial Guarantors and each Material Subsidiary from time to time. 
 
 
Initial Guarantors: 
Means MHWirth AS, Hydril USA Distribution LLC, Hydril PCB Limited, HMH Drilling Asia Pte 
Ltd., MHWirth GmbH, MHWirth FZE and MHWirth Do Brasil Equipamentos Ltda. 
 
 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
In the case of LIBOR: Means, in relation to any period for which Interest Rate is to be 
determined, 2 Quotation Business Days before the first day of the relevant Interest Period. 
 
Interest Determination Date(s) for other Reference Rates, see Final Terms. 
 
 
Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
The Interest Rate is paid in arrears on the last day of each Interest Period.  
 
Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention. 
 
The Interest Payment Date(s) will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Interest Period: 
The first Interest Period runs from and including the Issue Date to but excluding the first 
Interest Payment Date. The subsequent Interest Periods run from and including an Interest 
Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date. The last Interest Payment 
Date corresponds to the Maturity Date. 
 
 
Interest Rate: 
Rate of interest applicable to the Bonds; 
 
(i) 
If Fixed Rate, the Bonds shall bear interest at the percentage rate per annum (based 
on the Day Count Convention)  
 
(ii) If FRN, the Bonds shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Reference Rate 
plus a Margin (based on the Day Count Convention). Interest Rate or Reference Rate 
may be deemed to be zero. 
 
The Interest Rate is specified in Final Terms.

--- Page 64 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
64
Interest Rate 
Adjustment Date: 
Date(s) for adjusting of the interest rate for bond issue with floating interest rate. 
 
The Interest Rate Adjustment Date will coincide with the Interest Payment Date. 
 
 
IPO: 
Means an initial public offering or similar transactions leading to the listing of the shares in the 
Issuer on an exchange 
 
 
ISIN: 
International Securities Identification Number for the Bond Issue. ISIN is specified in Final 
Terms. 
 
 
Issuer: 
HMH Holding B.V. is the Issuer under the Base Prospectus. 
 
 
Issuer’s Bonds: 
Means any Bonds which are owned by the Issuer or any affiliate of the Issuer. 
 
 
Issue Price: 
The price in percentage of the Denomination, to be paid by the Bondholders at the Issue Date. 
 
Issue price will be specified in Final Terms.  
 
 
Joint Lead Manager: 
The bond issue’s joint lead manager(s), as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
LEI-code: 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI), is a 20-character reference code to uniquely identify legally distinct 
entities that engage in financial transactions. 
 
LEI-code is specified in Final Terms. 
 
 
Listing: 
Listing of a bond issue on an Exchange is due to the Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to 
the Base Prospectus and a Final Terms. 
 
An application for listing will be sent after the Disbursement Date and as soon as possible after 
the Prospectus has been approved by the Norwegian FSA. 
 
Bonds listed on an Exchange are freely negotiable. See also Market Making. 
 
 
Mandatory repurchase 
due to a Material Asset 
Sale – Asset Sale Put 
Option: 
The Final Terms may specify that upon the occurrence of a material asset sale, each 
Bondholder will have the right to require that the Issuer purchases the Bonds held by that 
Bondholder. 
 
In such case the exercise procedures, the repayment date and redemption price will be 
specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Market Making: 
For Bonds listed on an Exchange, a market-maker agreement between the Issuer and a Joint 
Lead Manager may be entered into.  
 
This will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Margin: 
The margin, specified in percentage points, to be added to the Reference rate. 
 
Margin will be specified in the Final terms.  
 
 
Material Subsidiary: 
As specified in the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Maturity Date: 
The date the bond issue is due for payment, if not already redeemed pursuant to Call Option, 
Put Option, Early redemption option due to a tax event, Early redemption – Equity Clawback or 
Mandatory repurchase due to a Material Asset Sale – Asset Sale Put Option. The Maturity 
Date coincides with the last Interest Payment Date and is adjusted in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention.  
 
The Maturity Date is specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Obligors: 
Means the Issuer and each Guarantor. 
 
 
Outstanding Bonds: 
Means any Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged. 
 
The Issuer will issue on the Issue date the first tranche of the bond issue as specified in Final 
Terms. During the term of the bond issue, new tranches may be issued up to the Borrowing 
Limit, as specified in Final Terms.

--- Page 65 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
65
 
 
Paying Agent: 
The entity designated by the Issuer to manage (maintain the Issuer Account for) the bond 
issue in the Securities Depository. 
 
The Paying Agent is specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Prospectus: 
The Prospectus consists of the Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus 
and the relevant Final Terms prepared in connection with application for listing on an 
Exchange.  
 
 
Put Option: 
The Final Terms may specify that upon the occurrence of a Put Option Event, each 
Bondholder will have the right to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds 
held by that Bondholder. 
 
In such case the exercise procedures, the repayment date and redemption price will be 
specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Put Option Event: 
Means a Change of Control Event or a Share De-Listing Event. 
 
 
Quotation Business 
Day: 
Means a day on which the Bank of England is open. 
 
 
Redemption: 
The Outstanding Bonds will mature in full on the Maturity Date and shall be redeemed by the 
Issuer on the Maturity Date at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, if not 
already redeemed pursuant to Call Option, Put Option, Early redemption option due to a tax 
event, Early redemption – Equity Clawback or Mandatory repurchase due to a Material Asset 
Sale – Asset Sale Put Option.  
 
 
Redemption Price: 
The price determined as a percentage of the Denomination to which the bond issue is to be 
redeemed at the Maturity Date.  
 
Redemption Price is 100 per cent of Denomination – Each Bond. 
 
 
Reference Rate:  
For FRN, the Reference Rate shall be LIBOR or any other rate as specified in the Final Terms, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the specified time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. 
 
The Reference Rate, the Relevant Screen Page, the specified time, information about the past 
and future performance and volatility of the Reference Rate and any fallback provisions will be 
specified in Final Terms.  
 
 
Relevant Screen Page: For FRN, an internet address or an electronic information platform belonging to a renowed 
provider of Reference Rates. 
 
The Relevant Screen Page will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Securities Depository 
/CSD: 
The securities depository in which the bonds are registered, in accordance with the Norwegian 
Act of 2019 no. 6 regarding Securities depository. 
 
Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the following Securities Depository will be used: 
Norwegian Central Securities Depository (“Verdipapirsentralen” or ”VPS”), P.O. Box 4, 0051 
Oslo. 
 
 
Share De-Listing 
Event: 
Means, after the completion of an IPO, if the shares of the Issuer cease to be listed on an 
Exchange. 
 
 
Tap Issues: 
The Issuer may, provided that the conditions set out in the Bond Terms are met, at one or 
more occasions up until, but excluding, the Maturity Date or any earlier date when the Bonds 
have been redeemed in full, issue Additional Bonds until the aggregate nominal amount of the 
Bonds outstanding equals in aggregate the maximum issue amount (less the aggregate 
nominal amount of any previously redeemed Bonds) 
 
If N/A is specified in the Borrowing Limit in the Final Terms, the Issuer may not make Tap 
issues under the Bond Terms.

--- Page 66 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
66
Temporary Bonds: 
If the Bonds are listed on an Exchange and there is a requirement for a new prospectus in 
order for the Additional Bonds to be listed together with the Bonds, the Additional Bonds may 
be issued under a separate ISIN (such Bonds referred to as the “Temporary Bonds”). Upon the 
approval of the prospectus, the Issuer shall (i) notify the Bond Trustee, the Exchange and the 
Paying Agent and (ii) ensure that the Temporary Bonds are converted into the ISIN for the 
Bonds. 
 
 
Term Loan: 
Means the USD 70,000,000 loan (as reduced USD for USD by the net proceeds from any Tap 
Issue) made under the Term Loan Facility (as defined in the Existing Facilities Agreement 
under the Bond Terms) (including accrued unpaid interest and fees). 
 
 
Yield: 
Dependent on the Market Price for bond issue with floating rate. Yield for the first interest 
period can be determined when the interest is known, normally two Business Days before the 
Issue Date. 
  
For bond issue with fixed rate, yield is dependent on the market price and number of Interest 
Payment Date. 
 
The yield is calculated in accordance with «Anbefaling til Konvensjoner for det norske 
sertifikat- og obligasjonsmarkedet» prepared by Norske Finansanalytikeres Forening in 
January 2020: 
https://www.finansanalytiker.no/wp-content/uploads/2020/02/Rentekonvensjon-pr-januar-2020-
v2.pdf  
 
Yield is specified in Final Terms. 
 
13.4 General terms and conditions 
These general terms and condtions summarize and describe the general terms and conditions set out in any 
Bond Terms. The Bond Trustee may amend the general terms and conditions in the Bond Tems for any new 
issue of bonds during the tenor of this Base Prospectus. This may cause the general terms and conditions in this 
Base Prospectus to be incorrect and no longer valid for such new issues of bonds. If the general terms and 
conditions in this Base Prospectus at any point in time no longer represents the correct understanding of the 
general terms and conditions set out in the Bond Terms, the Bond Terms shall prevail. The Bond Tems are 
attached to the Final Terms.  
 
13.4.1 Use of proceeds 
(a) The Issuer used the net proceeds from the initial bond issue (net of legal costs, fees of the Joint Lead 
Managers and the Bond Trustee and any other agreed costs and expenses) for: 
(i) repayment of the Bridge Loan;  
(b) The Issuer will use the net proceeds from the issuance of any Additional Bonds for repayment of the Term 
Loan. 
 
Other use of proceeds will be specified in the Final Terms. 
13.4.2 Publication 
The Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus and the Final Terms will be published on 
Issuer’s website https://hmhw.com, or on the Issuer's visit address, Weerdestein 97, 1083 GG Amsterdam, The 
Netherlands, or their successor (s). 
 
The Prospectus will be published by a stock exchange announcement. 
 
13.4.3 Redemption 
Matured interest and matured principal will be credited each Bondholder directly from the Securities Registry. 
Claims for interest and principal shall be limited in time pursuant the Norwegian Act relating to the Limitation 
Period Claims of 18 May 1979 no 18, p.t. 3 years for interest rates and 10 years for principal.

--- Page 67 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
67
13.4.4 Fees, Expenses and Tax legislation 
The tax legislation of the investor’s Member State and of the Issuer’s country of incorporation may have an impact 
on the income received from the securities. 
 
The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees in connection with the loan. Any public fees or taxes on 
sales of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise decided by law or 
regulation. The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by Norwegian law. 
 
13.4.5 Security Depository and secondary trading 
The Bonds are electronically registered in book-entry form with the Securities Depository, see also the definition 
of "Securities Depository". Securities Depository is specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Secondary trading will be made over an Exchange for Bonds listed on a marketplace. See also definition of 
“Market Making”. 
 
Prospectus fee for the Base Prospectus including templates for Final Terms is NOK 123,000. In addition, there is 
a listing fee for listing of the Bonds in accordance with the current price list of the Exchange. The listing fees will 
be specified in the Final Terms.  
 
13.4.6 Status of the Bonds and Security 
The Bonds and each other payment obligation under or in relation to the Finance Documents shall constitute 
senior debt obligations of the Issuer and each Obligor. The Bonds will rank pari passu between themselves and 
will rank at least pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which are preferred by 
bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application). 
 
Please see Bond Terms for definitions. The kind of security will be specified in th Final Terms.  
13.4.7 Bond Terms 
The Bond Terms has been entered into between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee. The Bond Terms regulates the 
Bondholders’ rights and obligations in relations with the bond issue. The Bond Trustee enters into the Bond 
Terms on behalf of the Bondholders and is granted authority to act on behalf of the Bondholders to the extent 
provided for in the Bond Terms. 
 
By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the CSD, the Bondholders are bound by 
the Bond Terms and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to 
be complied with by the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders, the Issuer or any other party. 
 
The Bond Terms will be attached to the Final Terms for each Bond issue and is also available through the Joint 
Lead Manager(s), the Issuer and the Bond Trustee. 
 
13.4.8 Legislation 
The Bond Terms is governed by and construed in accordance with Norwegian law.  
 
The Issuer and the Guarantors are subject to the following legislation: 
 
Legal name 
Legislation 
Most relevant laws 
HMH Holding B.V. 
Dutch 
The Dutch Civil Code (Burgerlijk Wetboek), the 
Dutch Act on the Prevention of Money 
Laundering and the Financing of Terrorism (Wet 
ter voorkoming van witwassen en financiering 
van terrorisme) 
MHWirth AS 
Norwegian 
Private Limited Liability Companies Act 
Hydril USA Distribution LLC 
US 
Delaware Limited Liability Company Act, the 
Delaware Uniform Commercial Code, USC Title 
11 (Bankruptcy), USC Title 26 Internal Revenue 
Code, and Delaware common law 
Hydril PCB Limited 
UK 
The United Kingdom company law, Companies 
Act 2006, Insolvency Act 1986, UK Corporate 
Governance Code and European Union 
Directives

--- Page 68 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
68
HMH Drilling Asia Pte Ltd 
Singapore 
Companies Act 1967 of Singapore 
MHWirth GmbH 
German 
Limited Liability Companies Act (GmbHG), Stock 
Corporation Act (AktG), German Commercial 
Code (HGB), Transformation (or Conversion) 
Act (UmwG), Insolvency Statute (InsO) 
MHWirth FZE 
UAE 
UAE Commercial Companies Law No. 2 of 2015 
(as amended), Securities and Commodities 
Authority (SCA) Decree No. 12 of 2000 on listing 
securities and commodities, SCA Decree No. 17 
of 2014 regulating the offering and listing of debt 
securities, Decision No. 3 of 2017 regulating the 
promotion and introduction of securities 
MHWirth Do Brasil Equipamentos Ltda. 
Brazilian 
Federal Statute 10.406/2002 – Brazilian Civil 
Code, Federal Statute 6.404/1976 – Brazilian 
Corporations’ Act, Decree 9.580/2018, which 
details rules and procedures on Federal Income 
Tax 
 
 
 
13.4.9 Approvals 
The Bonds were issued in accordance with the Issuer’s Board of Directors approval. 
 
The date of the Issuer’s Board of Directors approval is specified in the Final Terms. 
 
The Base Prospectus has been submitted to the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority (Finanstilsynet) 
before listing of the Bonds takes place. 
 
Final Terms will be submitted to Finanstilsynet for information purposes in connection with an application for 
listing of a Bond Issue. 
 
The Base prospectus will not be the basis for offers for subscription in bonds that are not subject to a prospectus 
obligation. 
 
13.4.10 Restrictions on the free transferability of the securities 
Any restrictions on the free transferability of the securities will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
13.5 Return and redemption 
Bonds may have return and redemption mechanisms as explained below. The relevant Final Terms refer to these 
mechanisms and provide relevant parameter values for the specific bond issue. 
13.5.1 Bonds with floating rate 
13.5.1.a Return (interest) 
The Interest Rate is specified in Interest Rate ii). Payment of the Interest Rate is calculated on basis of the Day 
Count Convention (b). 
 
Interest Rate or Reference Rate may be deemed to be zero.  
 
The period lengths are equal throughout the term of the Loan, but each Interest Payment Date is adjusted in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention. The Interest Rate for each forthcoming period are determined two 
Business Days prior to each Interest Payment Date based on the then current value of the Reference Rate plus 
the Margin. 
 
The Interest Rate is paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. The first Interest Period runs from and 
including the Issue Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date. The subsequent Interest Periods run 
from and including an Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date. The last Interest 
Payment Date corresponds to the Maturity Date. 
 
The relevant Reference Rate, the Margin, the Interest Payment Dates and the then current Interest Rate will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 69 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
69
 
Interest calculation method for secondary trading is given by act/360, modified following. 
 
13.5.1.b Redemption 
Redemption is made in accordance with Redemption. 
 
13.5.2 Bonds with fixed rate 
13.5.2.a Return (interest) 
The interest rate is specified in Interest Rate (i). Payment of the the Interest Rate is calculated on basis of the Day 
Count Convention (a).  
 
The Interest Rate is paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. The first Interest Period runs from and 
including the Issue Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date. The subsequent Interest Periods run 
from and including an Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date. The last Interest 
Payment Date corresponds to the Maturity Date. 
 
The Interest Rate and the Interest Payment Dates will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Interest calculation method for secondary trading is given by act/365 for bond issue with fixed rate.  
 
13.5.2.b Redemption 
Redemption is made in accordance with Redemption. 
 
13.6 Rating 
The Issuer has not been rated. 
 
The Bonds have not been rated. 
 
 
13.7 Final Terms 
Template for Final Terms for fixed and floating bond issue, see Appendix 3.

--- Page 70 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
70
 14 Third party information and statement by experts and 
declarations of any interest 
 
14.1 Third party information 
Part of the information given in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from a third party. It is hereby confirmed 
that the information has been accurately reproduced and that as far as HMH Holding B.V. is aware and is able to 
ascertain from information published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The following table lists such third parties:  
 
Kind of information 
Publicly available 
Name of 
third party 
Business 
address 
Qualifications 
Material 
interest in 
the 
Company 
Rystad Rig Analytics 
Dashboard 
Rystad Offshore 
Report June 2022 
Rystad Onshore Rig 
Market Analysis 
Payment required 
Rystad 
Energy 
Fjordalleen 16, N-
0250 Oslo, 
Norway 
Independent 
energy 
research and 
intelligence 
company 
None 
Mined commodities 
market demand 
Payment required 
Wood 
Mackenzie 
22 Bishopsgate, 
26th Floor, London 
EC2N 4BQ, 
United Kingdom 
Global 
research and 
consultancy 
business 
None 
Annual additions 
forecast of offshore 
and onshore wind 
installed capacity  
Free  
Bloomberg 
New 
Energy 
Finance 
3 Queen Victoria 
Street, London 
EC4N 4TQ, 
United Kingdom 
Strategic 
research 
provider 
None 
Rig Count 
Free 
Baker 
Hughes 
Rig Count 
https://rigcount.ba
kerhughes.com/  
Oilfield 
Equipment 
and Service 
provider 
Baker 
Hughes 
owns 50% of 
HMH.  
 
Oil price dynamics 
Free download 
available upon 
registration 
Internation
al Energy 
Agency 
9 rue de la 
Federation 75739 
Paris Cedex 15 
France 
Inter-
governmental 
organization 
providing data 
and research 
on global 
energy 
markets 
None 
Spinergie Offshore 
Drilling Outlook June 
2022 
Payment required 
Spinergie 
3 Boulevard Saint-
Martin, 75003 
Paris, France 
Marine data 
provider 
None 
PwC Mine 2022 
Free download 
available at 
https://www.pwc.co
m/gx/en/industries/e
nergy-utilities-
resources/publicatio
ns/mine.html  
PwC 
1 Embankment 
Place, London 
WC2N 6RH, 
United Kingdom 
Auditing and 
consulting 
provider 
None 
 
 
If not otherwise indicated, HMH Holding B.V. is the source of any other information in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 71 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
71
Joint Lead Managers' disclaimer 
 
DNB Bank ASA, Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Norge, Pareto Securities AS and Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB 
(publ), the Joint Lead Managers, have assisted the Company in preparing the Base Prospectus. The Joint Lead 
Managers have not verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or 
undertaking, express or implied, is made and the Joint Lead Managers expressly disclaim any legal or financial 
liability as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with the issuance or distribution of bonds by HMH Holding B.V..  
 
This Base Prospectus is subject to the general business terms of the Joint Lead Managers, available at their 
respective websites. Confidentiality rules and internal rules restricting the exchange of information between different 
parts of the Joint Lead Managers may prevent employees of the Joint Lead Managers who are preparing this Base 
Prospectus from utilizing or being aware of information available to the Joint Lead Managers and/or any of their 
affiliated companies and which may be relevant to the recipient's decisions. 
 
Each person receiving this Base Prospectus acknowledges that such person has not relied on the Joint Lead 
Managers, nor on any person affiliated with it in connection with its investigation of the accuracy of such information 
or its investment decision. 
 
Oslo, October 26 2022 
 
 
DNB Bank ASA 
(www.dnb.no) 
Nordea Bank Abp, filial i 
Norge 
(www.nordea.no) 
 
Pareto Securities AS 
www.paretosec.com 
Skandinaviska Enskilda 
Banken AB (publ) 
(www.seb.no)

--- Page 72 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
72
Annex 1 Memorandum and articles of association

--- Page 73 ---
Junta Comercial do Estado do Rio de Janeiro
Empresa: MHWIRTH DO BRASIL EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA.
NIRE: 332.1042752-1 Protocolo: 00-2021/590836-8 Data do protocolo: 06/12/2021
CERTIFICO O ARQUIVAMENTO em 07/12/2021 SOB O NÚMERO 00004661737 e demais constantes do termo de
autenticação.
Autenticação: DDAC4F934CBC0328AE34B25159EAE9101C419F5EB3A985EAFC2AE546BE398B51
Para validar o documento acesse http://www.jucerja.rj.gov.br/servicos/chanceladigital, informe o nº de protocolo.
Pag. 01/15
NIRE / Arquivamento
CNPJ
Endereço / Endereço completo no exterior
Bairro
Municipio
Estado
00004661737
28.779.772/0001-92
Rua SÉRGIO ROBERTO FRANCO SN
IMBOASSICA
Macaé
RJ
xxxxxxxxxxx
xx.xxx.xxx/xxxx-xx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xxxxxxxxxx
xx
xxxxxxxxxxx
xx.xxx.xxx/xxxx-xx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xxxxxxxxxx
xx
xxxxxxxxxxx
xx.xxx.xxx/xxxx-xx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xxxxxxxxxx
xx
xxxxxxxxxxx
xx.xxx.xxx/xxxx-xx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xxxxxxxxxx
xx
xxxxxxxxxxx
xx.xxx.xxx/xxxx-xx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xxxxxxxxxx
xx
xxxxxxxxxxx
xx.xxx.xxx/xxxx-xx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xxxxxxxxxx
xx
xxxxxxxxxxx
xx.xxx.xxx/xxxx-xx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xxxxxxxxxx
xx
xxxxxxxxxxx
xx.xxx.xxx/xxxx-xx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xxxxxxxxxx
xx
xxxxxxxxxxx
xx.xxx.xxx/xxxx-xx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xxxxxxxxxx
xx
xxxxxxxxxxx
xx.xxx.xxx/xxxx-xx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xxxxxxxxxx
xx
xxxxxxxxxxx
xx.xxx.xxx/xxxx-xx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xxxxxxxxxx
xx
xxxxxxxxxxx
xx.xxx.xxx/xxxx-xx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xxxxxxxxxx
xx
xxxxxxxxxxx
xx.xxx.xxx/xxxx-xx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xxxxxxxxxx
xx
xxxxxxxxxxx
xx.xxx.xxx/xxxx-xx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xxxxxxxxxx
xx
xxxxxxxxxxx
xx.xxx.xxx/xxxx-xx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xxxxxxxxxx
xx
xxxxxxxxxxx
xx.xxx.xxx/xxxx-xx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xxxxxxxxxx
xx
xxxxxxxxxxx
xx.xxx.xxx/xxxx-xx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xxxxxxxxxx
xx
xxxxxxxxxxx
xx.xxx.xxx/xxxx-xx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xxxxxxxxxx
xx
xxxxxxxxxxx
xx.xxx.xxx/xxxx-xx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xxxxxxxxxx
xx
xxxxxxxxxxx
xx.xxx.xxx/xxxx-xx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xxxxxxxxxx
xx
xxxxxxxxxxx
xx.xxx.xxx/xxxx-xx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xxxxxxxxxx
xx
CERTIFICO O DEFERIMENTO POR LEILA FLÁVIA RODRIGUES BELEZA SOB O NÚMERO E DATA ABAIXO:
Observação:
15
Nº de Páginas
1/1
Capa Nº Páginas
SECRETÁRIO GERAL
Jorge Paulo Magdaleno Filho 
Deferido em 07/12/2021 e arquivado em 07/12/2021
NIRE (DA SEDE OU DA FILIAL QUANDO A SEDE FOR EM OUTRA UF)
33.2.1042752-1
Tipo Jurídico
Sociedade empresária  limitada
Porte Empresarial
Normal
JUCERJA
Útimo arquivamento:
00004658493 - 01/12/2021
NIRE: 33.2.1042752-1
MHWIRTH DO BRASIL EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA. 
Boleto(s): 
Hash: 7F54F9FD-53ED-499A-A7AE-237EDC652F38
Orgão
Calculado
Pago
Junta
414,00
414,00
DNRC
0,00
0,00
Nº do Protocolo
00-2021/590836-8
TERMO DE AUTENTICAÇÃO
Nome
MHWIRTH DO BRASIL EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA.
Código Ato
Eventos
002
Cód
Qtde.
Descrição do Ato / Evento
051
1
Alteração / Consolidação de Contrato / Estatuto
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xx
xxx
xxx
xx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xxx
xx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xxx
xx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Junta Comercial do Estado do Rio de Janeiro
Empresa: MHWIRTH DO BRASIL EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA.
NIRE: 332.1042752-1 Protocolo: 00-2021/590836-8 Data do protocolo: 06/12/2021
CERTIFICO O ARQUIVAMENTO em 07/12/2021 SOB O NÚMERO 00004661737 e demais constantes do termo de
autenticação.
Autenticação: DDAC4F934CBC0328AE34B25159EAE9101C419F5EB3A985EAFC2AE546BE398B51
Para validar o documento acesse http://www.jucerja.rj.gov.br/servicos/chanceladigital, informe o nº de protocolo.
Pag. 01/15

--- Page 74 ---
Junta Comercial do Estado do Rio de Janeiro
Empresa: MHWIRTH DO BRASIL EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA.
NIRE: 332.1042752-1 Protocolo: 00-2021/590836-8 Data do protocolo: 06/12/2021
CERTIFICO O ARQUIVAMENTO em 07/12/2021 SOB O NÚMERO 00004661737 e demais constantes do termo de
autenticação.
Autenticação: DDAC4F934CBC0328AE34B25159EAE9101C419F5EB3A985EAFC2AE546BE398B51
Para validar o documento acesse http://www.jucerja.rj.gov.br/servicos/chanceladigital, informe o nº de protocolo.
Pag. 02/15
Código 
do Ato
00-2021/590836-8
Presidência da República
Secretaria de Micro e Pequena Empresa
Secretaria de Racionalização e Simplificação
Departamento de Registro Empresarial e Integração
Junta Comercial do Estado do Rio de Janeiro
NIRE (DA SEDE OU DA FILIAL QUANDO A SEDE FOR EM OUTRA UF)
33.2.1042752-1
Tipo Jurídico
Sociedade empresária  limitada
Porte Empresarial
Normal
Nº do Protocolo
06/12/2021 14:22:04
JUCERJA
Último arquivamento:
MHWIRTH DO BRASIL EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA.
NIRE: 33.2.1042752-1
Boleto(s): 103882502
Hash: 7F54F9FD-53ED-499A-A7AE-237EDC652F38
00004658493 - 01/12/2021
0 0 - 2 0 2 1 / 5 9 0 8 3 6 - 8 
Orgão
Calculado
Pago
Junta
414,00
414,00
DREI
0,00
0,00
REQUERIMENTO
Ilmo Sr. Presidente da Junta Comercial do Estado do Rio de Janeiro
MHWIRTH DO BRASIL EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA.
requer a v. sa o deferimento do seguinte ato:
002
Código 
Evento
Descrição do ato / Descrição do evento
Qtde.
051
1
Alteração / Consolidação de Contrato / Estatuto
xxx
xxx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xxx
xxx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xxx
xxx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xxx
xxx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Requerente
Nome:
WILSON JOSE ANDERSEN BALLAO
Assinatura:
ASSINADO DIGITALMENTE
O Requerente DECLARA, sob sua responsabilidade pessoal, sem 
prejuízo das sanções administrativas, cíveis e penais, a veracidade 
dos documentos e assinaturas apresentados no presente processo
Telefone de contato:
4132217777
E-mail:
paralegal@andersenballao.com.br
Tipo de documento:
Digital
Data de criação:
06/12/2021
Data da 1ª entrada:
Rio de Janeiro
Local
06/12/2021
Data
Junta Comercial do Estado do Rio de Janeiro
Empresa: MHWIRTH DO BRASIL EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA.
NIRE: 332.1042752-1 Protocolo: 00-2021/590836-8 Data do protocolo: 06/12/2021
CERTIFICO O ARQUIVAMENTO em 07/12/2021 SOB O NÚMERO 00004661737 e demais constantes do termo de
autenticação.
Autenticação: DDAC4F934CBC0328AE34B25159EAE9101C419F5EB3A985EAFC2AE546BE398B51
Para validar o documento acesse http://www.jucerja.rj.gov.br/servicos/chanceladigital, informe o nº de protocolo.
Pag. 02/15

--- Page 75 ---
Junta Comercial do Estado do Rio de Janeiro
Empresa: MHWIRTH DO BRASIL EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA.
NIRE: 332.1042752-1 Protocolo: 00-2021/590836-8 Data do protocolo: 06/12/2021
CERTIFICO O ARQUIVAMENTO em 07/12/2021 SOB O NÚMERO 00004661737 e demais constantes do termo de
autenticação.
Autenticação: DDAC4F934CBC0328AE34B25159EAE9101C419F5EB3A985EAFC2AE546BE398B51
Para validar o documento acesse http://www.jucerja.rj.gov.br/servicos/chanceladigital, informe o nº de protocolo.
Pag. 03/15
1 
MHWIRTH DO BRASIL 
EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA. 
CNPJ 28.779.772/0001-92 
NIRE 332.1042752-1 
11th AMENDMENT TO THE 
ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION  
MHWIRTH DO BRASIL 
EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA. 
CNPJ 28.779.772/0001-92 
NIRE 332.1042752-1 
11ª ALTERAÇÃO DO CONTRATO 
SOCIAL 
 
\By means of this instrument, 
 
1. 
MHWIRTH AS, a company duly 
incorporated under the laws of Norway, 
registered under number 942 524 544, enrolled 
before the Brazilian Corporate Taxpayers’ 
Register (CNPJ) under n. 15.306.059/0001-80, 
with its headquarters at Butangen 20, 4639 
Kristiansand S, Kristiansand, Norway, herein 
represented by its attorney-in-fact, Mr. Wilson 
José Andersen Ballão, Brazilian, married, 
lawyer, enrolled with the Brazilian Bar 
Association/Paraná (OAB/PR) under n. 
8.351, enrolled with the Individual Taxpayer’s 
Register (CPF) under n. 319.481.119-34, with 
business address at Avenida Jaime Reis, n. 86, 
bairro São Francisco, Curitiba, State of Paraná, 
CEP (Zip Code) 80510-010, Brazil; 
 
sole shareholder of 
MHWIRTH DO 
BRASIL EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA., a 
limited liability company (sociedade empresária 
limitada), with its headquarters in the City of 
Macaé, State of Rio de Janeiro, at Rua Sergio 
Roberto Franco, s/n, Imboassica, CEP (Zip 
Code) 27932-354, enrolled with the Brazilian 
Corporate Taxpayers’ Register (CNPJ) under 
n. 28.779.772/0001-92, with its Articles of 
Association duly filed before the Board of 
Trade of the State of Rio de Janeiro - 
JUCERJA, under NIRE n. 332.1042752-1 
(“Company”), decide to amend and restate the 
Articles of Association of the Company, in 
accordance with the clauses and conditions 
hereinafter:  
 
1. 
Registration of the Lien over the 
Quotas 
 
Pelo presente instrumento, 
 
1. 
MHWIRTH 
AS, 
sociedade 
constituída de acordo com as leis da Noruega, 
registrada sob o número 942 524 544, inscrita 
no CNPJ sob o n° 15.306.059/0001-80, com 
sede na Butangen 20, 4639 Kristiansand S, 
Kristiansand, Noruega, neste ato representada 
por seu procurador o Sr. Wilson José 
Andersen 
Ballão, 
brasileiro, 
casado, 
advogado regularmente inscrito na OAB/PR 
sob o n° 8.351, inscrito no CPF sob o n° 
319.481.119-34, com endereço profissional na 
Avenida Jaime Reis, n° 86, bairro São 
Francisco, Curitiba, Estado do Paraná, CEP 
80510-010; 
 
 
 
na qualidade de sócia única de MHWIRTH 
DO BRASIL EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA., 
sociedade limitada, com sede no município de 
Macaé, Estado do Rio de Janeiro, na Rua 
Sergio Roberto Franco, s/n, Imboassica, CEP 
27932-354, inscrita no CNPJ sob o n° 
28.779.772/0001-92, 
com 
seus 
atos 
constitutivos arquivados na Junta Comercial 
do Estado do Rio de Janeiro - JUCERJA sob o 
NIRE 332.1042752-1 (“Sociedade”), resolvem 
alterar e consolidar o Contrato Social da 
Sociedade, que passa a viger com a seguinte 
redação: 
 
 
 
 
1. 
Registro de ônus sobre as Quotas  
 
 
Junta Comercial do Estado do Rio de Janeiro
Empresa: MHWIRTH DO BRASIL EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA.
NIRE: 332.1042752-1 Protocolo: 00-2021/590836-8 Data do protocolo: 06/12/2021
CERTIFICO O ARQUIVAMENTO em 07/12/2021 SOB O NÚMERO 00004661737 e demais constantes do termo de
autenticação.
Autenticação: DDAC4F934CBC0328AE34B25159EAE9101C419F5EB3A985EAFC2AE546BE398B51
Para validar o documento acesse http://www.jucerja.rj.gov.br/servicos/chanceladigital, informe o nº de protocolo.
Pag. 03/15

--- Page 76 ---
Junta Comercial do Estado do Rio de Janeiro
Empresa: MHWIRTH DO BRASIL EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA.
NIRE: 332.1042752-1 Protocolo: 00-2021/590836-8 Data do protocolo: 06/12/2021
CERTIFICO O ARQUIVAMENTO em 07/12/2021 SOB O NÚMERO 00004661737 e demais constantes do termo de
autenticação.
Autenticação: DDAC4F934CBC0328AE34B25159EAE9101C419F5EB3A985EAFC2AE546BE398B51
Para validar o documento acesse http://www.jucerja.rj.gov.br/servicos/chanceladigital, informe o nº de protocolo.
Pag. 04/15
2 
MHWIRTH DO BRASIL 
EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA. 
CNPJ 28.779.772/0001-92 
NIRE 332.1042752-1 
11th AMENDMENT TO THE 
ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION  
MHWIRTH DO BRASIL 
EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA. 
CNPJ 28.779.772/0001-92 
NIRE 332.1042752-1 
11ª ALTERAÇÃO DO CONTRATO 
SOCIAL 
 
1.1. 
The Partner hereby resolves to register 
that, as previously approved at the Partners’ 
Meeting held on November 24, 2021, all the 
quotas representing the Company’s capital 
stock were pledged as collateral in favor of 
Nordea Bank Abp, branch i Norge (“Collateral 
Agent”), pursuant to the Quota Pledge 
Agreement entered into on this date by and 
among MHWirth AS, identified above, and the 
Collateral Agent, and also, in the capacity of 
consenting intervening party, the Company, 
such contract being filed at the Company’s 
headquarters. 
 
 
1.2. 
Due to the pledge in guarantee of all 
the quotas representing the Company’s capital 
stock, as resolved herein, Clause Five of the 
Company’s Articles of Incorporation becomes 
effective with the following wording: 
 
 
CLAUSE FIVE – CAPITAL STOCK 
The corporate capital fully subscribed and paid in, in 
Brazilian currency and assets, is of two hundred and 
eight million, four hundred and ninety-seven 
thousand, five hundred and eighty-five Reais (BRL 
208,497,585.00), divided into two hundred and 
eight million, four hundred and ninety-seven 
thousand, 
five 
hundred 
and 
eighty-five 
(208,497,585) shares, with par value of one Real 
(BRL 1.00) each. 
 
 
Sole Paragraph. One hundred percent (100%) 
of quotas representing the capital stock of the 
Company, as well as all profits, income, cash, rights, 
distributions, interest on capital (juros sobre capital 
próprio) and all other amounts received, receivable or 
otherwise distributed to the quotaholder upon any 
1.1. 
Resolve a Sócia, neste ato, consignar 
que, conforme previamente aprovado em 
Reunião de Sócios realizada em 24 de 
novembro de 2021, a totalidade das quotas 
representativas do capital social da Sociedade 
foi empenhada em garantia em favor de 
Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Norge (“Agente de 
Garantias”), nos termos do Contrato de 
Penhor de Quotas (Quota Pledge Agreement) 
celebrado nesta data por e entre, MHWirth AS, 
acima qualificada, e o Agente de Garantias, e 
ainda, na qualidade de interveniente anuente, a 
Sociedade, encontrando-se referido contrato 
arquivado na sede social da Sociedade. 
 
1.2. 
Em razão do penhor em garantia da 
totalidade das quotas representativas do capital 
social da Sociedade, conforme ora deliberado, 
a Cláusula Quinta do Contrato Social da 
Sociedade passa a vigorar com a seguinte 
redação: 
 
CLÁUSULA QUINTA - 
CAPITAL 
SOCIAL 
O capital social, totalmente subscrito e integralizado 
em moeda corrente do País e em bens, é de R$ 
208.497.585,00 (duzentos e oito milhões, 
quatrocentos e noventa e sete mil quinhentos e oitenta 
e cinco reais), dividido em 208.497.585 (duzentas 
e oito milhões quatrocentas e noventa e sete mil, 
quinhentas e oitenta e cinco) quotas, com valor 
nominal de R$ 1,00 (um real) cada uma. 
 
 
Parágrafo Único. Cem por cento (100%) das 
quotas representativas do capital social da Sociedade, 
bem como todos os lucros, receitas, recursos, direitos, 
distribuições, juros sobre capital próprio e quaisquer 
outros valores recebidos, a receber, ou de outra forma 
a ser distribuídos para a sócia mediante qualquer 
Junta Comercial do Estado do Rio de Janeiro
Empresa: MHWIRTH DO BRASIL EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA.
NIRE: 332.1042752-1 Protocolo: 00-2021/590836-8 Data do protocolo: 06/12/2021
CERTIFICO O ARQUIVAMENTO em 07/12/2021 SOB O NÚMERO 00004661737 e demais constantes do termo de
autenticação.
Autenticação: DDAC4F934CBC0328AE34B25159EAE9101C419F5EB3A985EAFC2AE546BE398B51
Para validar o documento acesse http://www.jucerja.rj.gov.br/servicos/chanceladigital, informe o nº de protocolo.
Pag. 04/15

--- Page 77 ---
Junta Comercial do Estado do Rio de Janeiro
Empresa: MHWIRTH DO BRASIL EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA.
NIRE: 332.1042752-1 Protocolo: 00-2021/590836-8 Data do protocolo: 06/12/2021
CERTIFICO O ARQUIVAMENTO em 07/12/2021 SOB O NÚMERO 00004661737 e demais constantes do termo de
autenticação.
Autenticação: DDAC4F934CBC0328AE34B25159EAE9101C419F5EB3A985EAFC2AE546BE398B51
Para validar o documento acesse http://www.jucerja.rj.gov.br/servicos/chanceladigital, informe o nº de protocolo.
Pag. 05/15
3 
MHWIRTH DO BRASIL 
EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA. 
CNPJ 28.779.772/0001-92 
NIRE 332.1042752-1 
11th AMENDMENT TO THE 
ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION  
MHWIRTH DO BRASIL 
EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA. 
CNPJ 28.779.772/0001-92 
NIRE 332.1042752-1 
11ª ALTERAÇÃO DO CONTRATO 
SOCIAL 
 
collection, exchange, sale or other disposition of any 
of the quotas, and any property into which any of the 
quotas is converted, and all other amounts paid or 
payable under or in connection with any of the 
quotas, and, in any event, including dividends and 
all income from the quotas, were pledged in favor of 
the Finance Parties, represented by Nordea Bank 
Abp, filial I Norge, a financial institution duly 
organized and existing in accordance with the laws 
of Norway, headquartered at Essendrops gate 7 
0368, Oslo, Norway (“Security Agent”), pursuant 
to the Facilities Agreement dated September 28, 
2021 (“Facilities Agreement”), as amended, 
restated, supplemented, extended or otherwise 
modified from time to time, amongst others, MHH 
Holding B.V, in its capacity as borrower and 
guarantor; DNB Markets, a part of DNB Bank 
ASA, HSBC Continental Europe, Nordea Bank 
Abp, filial I Norge and Skandinaviska Enskilda 
Banken AB (publ), as mandated lead arrangers and 
bookrunners; certain financial institutions listed in 
the Facilities Agreement, as original lenders; DNB 
Bank 
ASA, 
Nordea 
Bank 
Abp 
and 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), as 
hedge counterparties, and the Security Agent, as 
security and facility agent, all in accordance with and 
as set forth in the Quota Pledge Agreement dated as 
of November 25, 2021, entered into by and between 
MHWirth AS, as pledgor (“Pledgor”), the Security 
Agent (acting for the benefit of the Finance Parties), 
as pledgee, and the Company, as intervening party 
(the “Quota Pledge Agreement”), which is filed at 
the Company’s head office, in order to secure all of 
the obligations of the Pledgor under the Quota Pledge 
Agreement and the obligations of the Obligors under 
the Finance Documents (as defined in the Facilities 
Agreement). The pledge created under the Quota 
Pledge Agreement shall be extended to any new 
quotas issued or distributed by the Company to the 
quotaholders, as well as shares issued thereby in case 
of modification of the corporate form of the Company 
into a corporation, being thus fully agreed and 
coleta, troca, venda ou outra alienação de qualquer 
uma das quotas, e qualquer outro ativo ao qual as 
quotas possam ser convertidas, e todos os outros 
valores pagos ou a pagar em relação à qualquer das 
quotas e, em qualquer caso, incluindo dividendos e 
toda receita vinculada às quotas, foram empenhadas 
em favor das Partes Financeiras (Finance Parties), 
representadas por Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Norge, 
instituição financeira devidamente organizada e 
existente de acordo com as leis da Noruega, com sede 
na Essendrops gate 7 0368, Oslo, Noruega 
(“Agente de Garantia”), de acordo com o Contrato 
de Financiamento (Facilities Agreement) de 28 de 
setembro de 2021 (“Contrato de Financiamento”), 
conforme aditado, consolidado, suplementado, 
estendido ou modificado de outra forma de tempos em 
tempos, entre outros, MHH Holding B.V na 
posição de devedor (borrower) e garantidor 
(guarantor); DNB Markets, parte do DNB Bank 
ASA, HSBC Continental Europe, Nordea Bank 
Abp, filial I Norge e Skandinaviska Enskilda 
Banken AB (publ), como agente intermediário líder 
e agente executor (lead arrangers and bookrunners); 
determinadas instituições financeiras listadas no 
Contrato de Financiamento, como credores originais 
(original lenders); DNB Bank ASA, Nordea 
Bank Abp e Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken 
AB (publ), como contrapartes de cobertura (hedge 
counterparties), e o Agente de Garantia, como agente 
de garantias e de crédito (security and facility agent), 
tudo em conformidade com e disposto no Contrato de 
Penhor de Quotas, datado de 25 de novembro de 
2021, celebrado por e entre MHWirth AS, como 
garantidora (“Garantidora”), o Agente de 
Garantia (agindo em benefício das Partes 
Financeiras), como beneficiário, e a Sociedade, como 
parte interveniente (o “Contrato de Penhor de 
Quotas”), o qual se encontra arquivado na sede da 
Sociedade, em vista de assegurar todas as obrigações 
da Garantidora nos termos do Contrato de Penhor 
de Quotas e as obrigações dos Devedores (Obligors) 
nos termos dos Documentos Financeiros (conforme 
Junta Comercial do Estado do Rio de Janeiro
Empresa: MHWIRTH DO BRASIL EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA.
NIRE: 332.1042752-1 Protocolo: 00-2021/590836-8 Data do protocolo: 06/12/2021
CERTIFICO O ARQUIVAMENTO em 07/12/2021 SOB O NÚMERO 00004661737 e demais constantes do termo de
autenticação.
Autenticação: DDAC4F934CBC0328AE34B25159EAE9101C419F5EB3A985EAFC2AE546BE398B51
Para validar o documento acesse http://www.jucerja.rj.gov.br/servicos/chanceladigital, informe o nº de protocolo.
Pag. 05/15

--- Page 78 ---
Junta Comercial do Estado do Rio de Janeiro
Empresa: MHWIRTH DO BRASIL EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA.
NIRE: 332.1042752-1 Protocolo: 00-2021/590836-8 Data do protocolo: 06/12/2021
CERTIFICO O ARQUIVAMENTO em 07/12/2021 SOB O NÚMERO 00004661737 e demais constantes do termo de
autenticação.
Autenticação: DDAC4F934CBC0328AE34B25159EAE9101C419F5EB3A985EAFC2AE546BE398B51
Para validar o documento acesse http://www.jucerja.rj.gov.br/servicos/chanceladigital, informe o nº de protocolo.
Pag. 06/15
4 
MHWIRTH DO BRASIL 
EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA. 
CNPJ 28.779.772/0001-92 
NIRE 332.1042752-1 
11th AMENDMENT TO THE 
ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION  
MHWIRTH DO BRASIL 
EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA. 
CNPJ 28.779.772/0001-92 
NIRE 332.1042752-1 
11ª ALTERAÇÃO DO CONTRATO 
SOCIAL 
 
understood that the total amount of pledged quotas 
pursuant to the Quota Pledge Agreement shall 
always correspond to 100% (one hundred percent) of 
the capital stock of the Company unless otherwise 
permitted under the Facilities Agreement. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2. 
Restatement of the Articles of 
Association. 
 
2.1. 
Finally, the sole shareholder decides to 
restate the Articles of Association, which shall 
be effective with the following wording, having 
incorporated the resolutions above: 
 
MHWIRTH DO BRASIL 
EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA. 
CNPJ 28.779.772/0001-92 
NIRE 332.1042752-1 
RESTATED ARTICLES OF 
ASSOCIATION 
 
1. 
MHWIRTH AS, a company duly 
incorporated under the laws of Norway, 
registered under number 942 524 544, enrolled 
before the Brazilian Corporate Taxpayers’ 
Register (CNPJ) under n. 15.306.059/0001-80, 
with its headquarters at Butangen 20, 4639 
Kristiansand S, Kristiansand, Norway, herein 
represented by its attorney-in-fact, Mr. Wilson 
José Andersen Ballão, above qualified; 
 
definido no Contrato de Financiamento). O penhor 
criado nos termos do Contrato de Penhor de Quotas 
deve ser atribuído a quaisquer novas quotas emitidas 
ou distribuídas pela Sociedade para as sócias, assim 
como as ações emitidas desta forma no caso de 
modificação do tipo societário da Sociedade em uma 
companhia, sendo portanto completamente acordado 
e entendido que a quantidade total de quotas 
empenhadas em conformidade com o Contrato de 
Penhor de Quotas deve sempre corresponder a 100% 
(cem por cento) do capital social da Sociedade, exceto 
se de outra forma permitido no Contrato de 
Financiamento. 
 
2. 
Consolidação do Contrato Social. 
 
 
2.1. 
Por fim, resolve a sócia única consolidar 
o Contrato Social, o qual, já incorporadas as 
deliberações acima passa a vigorar com a 
seguinte redação: 
 
MHWIRTH DO BRASIL 
EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA. 
CNPJ 28.779.772/0001-92 
NIRE 332.1042752-1 
CONTRATO SOCIAL 
CONSOLIDADO 
 
1. 
MHWIRTH 
AS, 
sociedade 
constituída de acordo com as leis da Noruega, 
registrada sob o número 942 524 544, inscrita 
no CNPJ sob o n° 15.306.059/0001-80, com 
sede na Butangen 20, 4639 Kristiansand S, 
Kristiansand, Noruega, neste ato representada 
por seu procurador o Sr. Wilson José 
Andersen Ballão, acima qualificado; 
 
 
Junta Comercial do Estado do Rio de Janeiro
Empresa: MHWIRTH DO BRASIL EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA.
NIRE: 332.1042752-1 Protocolo: 00-2021/590836-8 Data do protocolo: 06/12/2021
CERTIFICO O ARQUIVAMENTO em 07/12/2021 SOB O NÚMERO 00004661737 e demais constantes do termo de
autenticação.
Autenticação: DDAC4F934CBC0328AE34B25159EAE9101C419F5EB3A985EAFC2AE546BE398B51
Para validar o documento acesse http://www.jucerja.rj.gov.br/servicos/chanceladigital, informe o nº de protocolo.
Pag. 06/15

--- Page 79 ---
Junta Comercial do Estado do Rio de Janeiro
Empresa: MHWIRTH DO BRASIL EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA.
NIRE: 332.1042752-1 Protocolo: 00-2021/590836-8 Data do protocolo: 06/12/2021
CERTIFICO O ARQUIVAMENTO em 07/12/2021 SOB O NÚMERO 00004661737 e demais constantes do termo de
autenticação.
Autenticação: DDAC4F934CBC0328AE34B25159EAE9101C419F5EB3A985EAFC2AE546BE398B51
Para validar o documento acesse http://www.jucerja.rj.gov.br/servicos/chanceladigital, informe o nº de protocolo.
Pag. 07/15
5 
MHWIRTH DO BRASIL 
EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA. 
CNPJ 28.779.772/0001-92 
NIRE 332.1042752-1 
11th AMENDMENT TO THE 
ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION  
MHWIRTH DO BRASIL 
EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA. 
CNPJ 28.779.772/0001-92 
NIRE 332.1042752-1 
11ª ALTERAÇÃO DO CONTRATO 
SOCIAL 
 
sole shareholder of 
MHWIRTH DO 
BRASIL EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA., a 
limited liability company (sociedade empresária 
limitada), with its headquarters in the City of 
Macaé, State of Rio de Janeiro, at Rua Sergio 
Roberto Franco, s/n, Imboassica, CEP (Zip 
Code) 27932-354, enrolled with the Brazilian 
Corporate Taxpayers’ Register (CNPJ) under 
n. 28.779.772/0001-92, with its Articles of 
Association duly filed before the Board of 
Trade of the State of Rio de Janeiro - 
JUCERJA, under NIRE n. 332.1042752-1 
(“Company”), decide to restate the Articles of 
Association of the Company, in accordance 
with the clauses and conditions hereinafter:  
 
CLAUSE 
ONE 
- 
NAME 
AND 
APPLICABLE LAW 
 
 
The Company is a business company, entitled 
MHWIRTH 
DO 
BRASIL 
EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA. and shall be 
governed 
by 
the 
present 
Articles 
of 
Association, by Law 10,406, of January 10th, 
2002, and, on a subsidiary basis, by Law 6,404 
of December 15th, 1976 and other applicable 
legislation. 
 
CLAUSE TWO - ADDRESS 
 
The Company shall have its head office in the 
city of Macaé, Rio de Janeiro, at Sergio Roberto 
Franco, s/n, Imboassica, CEP (Zip Code) 
27932-354. 
 
First Paragraph - The Company has a branch 
located in the City of Aracruz, State of Espírito 
Santo, at Praça Flamboyant, n. 80, Sala 07, 
na qualidade de sócia única de MHWIRTH 
DO BRASIL EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA., 
sociedade limitada, com sede no município de 
Macaé, Estado do Rio de Janeiro, na Rua 
Sergio Roberto Franco, s/n, Imboassica, CEP 
27932-354, inscrita no CNPJ sob o n° 
28.779.772/0001-92, 
com 
seus 
atos 
constitutivos arquivados na Junta Comercial 
do Estado do Rio de Janeiro - JUCERJA sob o 
NIRE 332.1042752-1 (“Sociedade”), resolvem 
consolidar o Contrato Social da Sociedade, que 
passa a viger com a seguinte redação: 
 
 
 
 
CLÁUSULA 
PRIMEIRA 
- 
DENOMINAÇÃO 
SOCIAL 
E 
REGÊNCIA 
 
A Sociedade é uma sociedade empresária 
limitada, denomina-se MHWIRTH DO 
BRASIL EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA. e 
rege-se pelo presente Contrato Social, pela Lei 
10.406, 
de 
10 
de 
janeiro 
de 
2002, 
supletivamente pela Lei 6.404, de 15 de 
dezembro de 1976 e demais normas aplicáveis. 
 
 
CLÁUSULA SEGUNDA - ENDEREÇO 
 
A Sociedade tem sua sede social no município 
de Macaé, Estado do Rio de Janeiro, na Rua 
Sergio Roberto Franco, s/n, Imboassica, CEP 
27932-354. 
 
Parágrafo Primeiro - A Sociedade tem uma 
filial localizada na Cidade de Aracruz, Estado 
do Espírito Santo, na Praça Flamboyant, n° 80, 
Junta Comercial do Estado do Rio de Janeiro
Empresa: MHWIRTH DO BRASIL EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA.
NIRE: 332.1042752-1 Protocolo: 00-2021/590836-8 Data do protocolo: 06/12/2021
CERTIFICO O ARQUIVAMENTO em 07/12/2021 SOB O NÚMERO 00004661737 e demais constantes do termo de
autenticação.
Autenticação: DDAC4F934CBC0328AE34B25159EAE9101C419F5EB3A985EAFC2AE546BE398B51
Para validar o documento acesse http://www.jucerja.rj.gov.br/servicos/chanceladigital, informe o nº de protocolo.
Pag. 07/15

--- Page 80 ---
Junta Comercial do Estado do Rio de Janeiro
Empresa: MHWIRTH DO BRASIL EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA.
NIRE: 332.1042752-1 Protocolo: 00-2021/590836-8 Data do protocolo: 06/12/2021
CERTIFICO O ARQUIVAMENTO em 07/12/2021 SOB O NÚMERO 00004661737 e demais constantes do termo de
autenticação.
Autenticação: DDAC4F934CBC0328AE34B25159EAE9101C419F5EB3A985EAFC2AE546BE398B51
Para validar o documento acesse http://www.jucerja.rj.gov.br/servicos/chanceladigital, informe o nº de protocolo.
Pag. 08/15
6 
MHWIRTH DO BRASIL 
EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA. 
CNPJ 28.779.772/0001-92 
NIRE 332.1042752-1 
11th AMENDMENT TO THE 
ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION  
MHWIRTH DO BRASIL 
EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA. 
CNPJ 28.779.772/0001-92 
NIRE 332.1042752-1 
11ª ALTERAÇÃO DO CONTRATO 
SOCIAL 
 
Coqueiral, CEP 29199-030. 
 
Second Paragraph - The Company may open 
and close branches, agencies, representative 
offices or other premises anywhere in the 
country or abroad, by resolution of the sole 
shareholder. 
 
CLAUSE 
THREE 
- 
CORPORATE 
PURPOSE 
 
The Company’s purpose shall be the following 
activities: (a) Purchase, sale, manufacture, 
import, 
export, 
engineering, 
consulting, 
management, 
installation, 
maintenance, 
technical assistance, provision of training 
services, supervision, operation and leasing of 
equipment, machinery and accessories related 
to oil&gas and mining industries, directly or 
indirectly, including offshore services; (b) real 
estate rent and (c) Participation in other 
companies, as a partner or shareholder. 
 
 
 
 
First Paragraph - The subsidiary located in 
the City of Aracruz, Espírito Santo State, at 
Praça Flamboyant, 80, Room 07, Coqueiral, 
CEP 29199-030 shall exercise exclusively the 
activities of management and installation of 
equipment, machinery and accessories related 
to the oil&gas and mining industries, directly 
or indirectly, not performing any of the other 
activities indicated at the corporate purpose of 
the Company. 
 
CLAUSE FOUR - DURATION 
 
Sala 07, Coqueiral, CEP 29199-030. 
 
Parágrafo Segundo - A Sociedade poderá 
abrir e fechar filiais, agências, escritórios de 
representação, ou outros estabelecimentos em 
qualquer parte do País ou no exterior, por 
deliberação da sócia única. 
 
CLÁUSULA TERCEIRA 
- OBJETO 
SOCIAL 
 
O objeto social da Sociedade consiste nas 
atividades descritas a seguir: (a) Compra, 
venda, fabricação, importação, exportação, 
engenharia, 
consultoria, 
gerenciamento, 
instalação, manutenção, assistência técnica, 
prestação 
de 
serviços 
de 
treinamento, 
supervisão, 
operação 
e 
locação 
de 
equipamentos, 
máquinas 
e 
acessórios 
concernentes às indústrias petrolífera e de 
mineração, direta ou indiretamente, incluindo a 
prestação de serviços em mar aberto 
(offshore); (b) locação de imóveis; e (c) 
Participação em outras sociedades, como 
sócia-quotista ou acionista. 
 
Parágrafo Primeiro - A filial localizada na 
Cidade de Aracruz, Estado do Espírito Santo, 
na Praça Flamboyant, 80, Sala 07, Coqueiral, 
CEP 29199-030 exercerá exclusivamente as 
atividades de gerenciamento e instalação de 
equipamentos, 
máquinas 
e 
acessórios 
concernentes às indústrias petrolífera e de 
mineração, direta ou indiretamente, não 
exercendo nenhuma das demais atividades 
indicadas ao objeto social da Sociedade. 
 
CLÁUSULA QUARTA - PRAZO DE 
DURAÇÃO 
Junta Comercial do Estado do Rio de Janeiro
Empresa: MHWIRTH DO BRASIL EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA.
NIRE: 332.1042752-1 Protocolo: 00-2021/590836-8 Data do protocolo: 06/12/2021
CERTIFICO O ARQUIVAMENTO em 07/12/2021 SOB O NÚMERO 00004661737 e demais constantes do termo de
autenticação.
Autenticação: DDAC4F934CBC0328AE34B25159EAE9101C419F5EB3A985EAFC2AE546BE398B51
Para validar o documento acesse http://www.jucerja.rj.gov.br/servicos/chanceladigital, informe o nº de protocolo.
Pag. 08/15

--- Page 81 ---
Junta Comercial do Estado do Rio de Janeiro
Empresa: MHWIRTH DO BRASIL EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA.
NIRE: 332.1042752-1 Protocolo: 00-2021/590836-8 Data do protocolo: 06/12/2021
CERTIFICO O ARQUIVAMENTO em 07/12/2021 SOB O NÚMERO 00004661737 e demais constantes do termo de
autenticação.
Autenticação: DDAC4F934CBC0328AE34B25159EAE9101C419F5EB3A985EAFC2AE546BE398B51
Para validar o documento acesse http://www.jucerja.rj.gov.br/servicos/chanceladigital, informe o nº de protocolo.
Pag. 09/15
7 
MHWIRTH DO BRASIL 
EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA. 
CNPJ 28.779.772/0001-92 
NIRE 332.1042752-1 
11th AMENDMENT TO THE 
ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION  
MHWIRTH DO BRASIL 
EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA. 
CNPJ 28.779.772/0001-92 
NIRE 332.1042752-1 
11ª ALTERAÇÃO DO CONTRATO 
SOCIAL 
 
 
The Company shall exist for an indefinite 
period of time. 
 
CLAUSE FIVE – CAPITAL STOCK 
 
 
The corporate capital fully subscribed and paid 
in, in Brazilian currency and assets, is of two 
hundred and eight million, four hundred and 
ninety-seven thousand, five hundred and 
eighty-five 
Reais 
(BRL 
208,497,585.00), 
divided into two hundred and eight million, 
four hundred and ninety-seven thousand, five 
hundred and eighty-five (208,497,585) shares, 
with par value of one Real (BRL 1.00) each. 
 
Sole 
Paragraph. One 
hundred 
percent 
(100%) of quotas representing the capital stock 
of the Company, as well as all profits, income, 
cash, rights, distributions, interest on capital 
(juros sobre capital próprio) and all other 
amounts received, receivable or otherwise 
distributed to the quotaholder upon any 
collection, exchange, sale or other disposition 
of any of the quotas, and any property into 
which any of the quotas is converted, and all 
other amounts paid or payable under or in 
connection with any of the quotas, and, in any 
event, including dividends and all income from 
the quotas, were pledged in favor of the 
Finance Parties, represented by Nordea Bank 
Abp, filial I Norge, a financial institution duly 
organized and existing in accordance with the 
laws of Norway, headquartered at Essendrops 
gate 7 0368, Oslo, Norway (“Security Agent”), 
pursuant to the Facilities Agreement dated 
September 28, 2021 (“Facilities Agreement”), 
as amended, restated, supplemented, extended 
 
O prazo de duração da Sociedade é 
indeterminado. 
 
CLÁUSULA 
QUINTA 
- 
CAPITAL 
SOCIAL 
 
O capital social, totalmente subscrito e 
integralizado em moeda corrente do País e em 
bens, é de R$ 208.497.585,00 (duzentos e oito 
milhões quatrocentos e noventa e sete mil 
quinhentos e oitenta e cinco reais), dividido em 
208.497.585 
(duzentas 
e 
oito 
milhões 
quatrocentas e noventa e sete mil quinhentas e 
oitenta e cinco) quotas, com valor nominal de 
R$ 1,00 (um real) cada uma. 
 
Parágrafo Único. Cem por cento (100%) das 
quotas representativas do capital social da 
Sociedade, bem como todos os lucros, receitas, 
recursos, direitos, distribuições, juros sobre 
capital próprio e quaisquer outros valores 
recebidos, a receber, ou de outra forma a ser 
distribuídos para a sócia mediante qualquer 
coleta, troca, venda ou outra alienação de 
qualquer uma das quotas, e qualquer outro 
ativo ao qual as quotas possam ser convertidas, 
e todos os outros valores pagos ou a pagar em 
relação à qualquer das quotas e, em qualquer 
caso, incluindo dividendos e toda receita 
vinculada às quotas, foram empenhadas em 
favor das Partes Financeiras (Finance Parties), 
representadas por Nordea Bank Abp, filial i 
Norge, instituição financeira devidamente 
organizada e existente de acordo com as leis da 
Noruega, com sede na Essendrops gate 7 0368, 
Oslo, Noruega (“Agente de Garantia”), de 
acordo com o Contrato de Financiamento 
(Facilities Agreement) de 28 de setembro de 
Junta Comercial do Estado do Rio de Janeiro
Empresa: MHWIRTH DO BRASIL EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA.
NIRE: 332.1042752-1 Protocolo: 00-2021/590836-8 Data do protocolo: 06/12/2021
CERTIFICO O ARQUIVAMENTO em 07/12/2021 SOB O NÚMERO 00004661737 e demais constantes do termo de
autenticação.
Autenticação: DDAC4F934CBC0328AE34B25159EAE9101C419F5EB3A985EAFC2AE546BE398B51
Para validar o documento acesse http://www.jucerja.rj.gov.br/servicos/chanceladigital, informe o nº de protocolo.
Pag. 09/15

--- Page 82 ---
Junta Comercial do Estado do Rio de Janeiro
Empresa: MHWIRTH DO BRASIL EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA.
NIRE: 332.1042752-1 Protocolo: 00-2021/590836-8 Data do protocolo: 06/12/2021
CERTIFICO O ARQUIVAMENTO em 07/12/2021 SOB O NÚMERO 00004661737 e demais constantes do termo de
autenticação.
Autenticação: DDAC4F934CBC0328AE34B25159EAE9101C419F5EB3A985EAFC2AE546BE398B51
Para validar o documento acesse http://www.jucerja.rj.gov.br/servicos/chanceladigital, informe o nº de protocolo.
Pag. 10/15
8 
MHWIRTH DO BRASIL 
EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA. 
CNPJ 28.779.772/0001-92 
NIRE 332.1042752-1 
11th AMENDMENT TO THE 
ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION  
MHWIRTH DO BRASIL 
EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA. 
CNPJ 28.779.772/0001-92 
NIRE 332.1042752-1 
11ª ALTERAÇÃO DO CONTRATO 
SOCIAL 
 
or otherwise modified from time to time, 
amongst others, MHH Holding B.V, in its 
capacity as borrower and guarantor; DNB 
Markets, a part of DNB Bank ASA, HSBC 
Continental Europe, Nordea Bank Abp, filial I 
Norge and Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB 
(publ), as mandated lead arrangers and 
bookrunners; certain financial institutions 
listed in the Facilities Agreement, as original 
lenders; DNB Bank ASA, Nordea Bank Abp 
and Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), 
as hedge counterparties, and the Security 
Agent, as security and facility agent, all in 
accordance with and as set forth in the Quota 
Pledge Agreement dated as of November 25, 
2021, entered into by and between MHWirth 
AS, as pledgor (“Pledgor”), the Security Agent 
(acting for the benefit of the Finance Parties), 
as pledgee, and the Company, as intervening 
party (the “Quota Pledge Agreement”), which 
is filed at the Company’s head office, in order 
to secure all of the obligations of the Pledgor 
under the Quota Pledge Agreement and the 
obligations of the Obligors under the Finance 
Documents (as defined in the Facilities 
Agreement). The pledge created under the 
Quota Pledge Agreement shall be extended to 
any new quotas issued or distributed by the 
Company to the quotaholders, as well as shares 
issued thereby in case of modification of the 
corporate form of the Company into a 
corporation, being thus fully agreed and 
understood that the total amount of pledged 
quotas pursuant to the Quota Pledge 
Agreement shall always correspond to 100% 
(one hundred percent) of the capital stock of 
the Company unless otherwise permitted 
under the Facilities Agreement. 
 
2021 
(“Contrato 
de 
Financiamento”), 
conforme aditado, consolidado, suplementado, 
estendido ou modificado de outra forma de 
tempos em tempos, entre outros, MHH 
Holding B.V na posição de devedor (borrower) 
e garantidor (guarantor); DNB Markets, parte 
do DNB Bank ASA, HSBC Continental 
Europe, Nordea Bank Abp, filial I Norge e 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), 
como agente intermediário líder e agente 
executor (lead arrangers and bookrunners); 
determinadas instituições financeiras listadas 
no Contrato de Financiamento, como credores 
originais (original lenders); DNB Bank ASA, 
Nordea Bank Abp e Skandinaviska Enskilda 
Banken AB (publ), como contrapartes de 
cobertura (hedge counterparties), e o Agente 
de Garantia, como agente de garantias e de 
crédito (security and facility agent), tudo em 
conformidade com e disposto no Contrato de 
Penhor de Quotas, datado de 25 de novembro 
de 2021, celebrado por e entre MHWirth AS, 
como garantidora (“Garantidora”), o Agente 
de Garantia (agindo em benefício das Partes 
Financeiras), como beneficiário, e a Sociedade, 
como parte interveniente (o “Contrato de 
Penhor de Quotas”), o qual se encontra 
arquivado na sede da Sociedade, em vista de 
assegurar todas as obrigações da Garantidora 
nos termos do Contrato de Penhor de Quotas 
e as obrigações dos Devedores (Obligors) nos 
termos 
dos 
Documentos 
Financeiros 
(conforme 
definido 
no 
Contrato 
de 
Financiamento). O penhor criado nos termos 
do Contrato de Penhor de Quotas deve ser 
atribuído a quaisquer novas quotas emitidas ou 
distribuídas pela Sociedade para as sócias, 
assim como as ações emitidas desta forma no 
caso de modificação do tipo societário da 
Junta Comercial do Estado do Rio de Janeiro
Empresa: MHWIRTH DO BRASIL EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA.
NIRE: 332.1042752-1 Protocolo: 00-2021/590836-8 Data do protocolo: 06/12/2021
CERTIFICO O ARQUIVAMENTO em 07/12/2021 SOB O NÚMERO 00004661737 e demais constantes do termo de
autenticação.
Autenticação: DDAC4F934CBC0328AE34B25159EAE9101C419F5EB3A985EAFC2AE546BE398B51
Para validar o documento acesse http://www.jucerja.rj.gov.br/servicos/chanceladigital, informe o nº de protocolo.
Pag. 10/15

--- Page 83 ---
Junta Comercial do Estado do Rio de Janeiro
Empresa: MHWIRTH DO BRASIL EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA.
NIRE: 332.1042752-1 Protocolo: 00-2021/590836-8 Data do protocolo: 06/12/2021
CERTIFICO O ARQUIVAMENTO em 07/12/2021 SOB O NÚMERO 00004661737 e demais constantes do termo de
autenticação.
Autenticação: DDAC4F934CBC0328AE34B25159EAE9101C419F5EB3A985EAFC2AE546BE398B51
Para validar o documento acesse http://www.jucerja.rj.gov.br/servicos/chanceladigital, informe o nº de protocolo.
Pag. 11/15
9 
MHWIRTH DO BRASIL 
EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA. 
CNPJ 28.779.772/0001-92 
NIRE 332.1042752-1 
11th AMENDMENT TO THE 
ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION  
MHWIRTH DO BRASIL 
EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA. 
CNPJ 28.779.772/0001-92 
NIRE 332.1042752-1 
11ª ALTERAÇÃO DO CONTRATO 
SOCIAL 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CLAUSE SIX - MANAGEMENT 
 
 
The Company shall be managed by one officer, 
shareholder or not, duly appointed, dismissed 
and/or substituted by means of the sole 
shareholder’ resolution formalized in the 
Articles of Association of the Company or in a 
separate act. The officer appointed by the sole 
shareholder will be subject to the limitations of 
powers set forth in this Articles of Association. 
 
First Paragraph - The sole shareholder herein 
appoint and invest Mr. Trond Hugo Fiskum, 
Norwegian, married, executive, bearer of the 
Alien’s Identity Card RNE n. V409127-P 
issued by CIMCRE/CGPMAF of the Brazilian 
Federal Police enrolled with the Individual 
Taxpayer’s Register (CPF/MF) under n. 
740.319.451-91, with professional domicile at 
Rua Sergio Roberto Franco, s/n, Quadra 03, 
parte, Fazenda Boa Vista, Imboassica, Macaé - 
RJ CEP 27932-354. 
 
 
Second Paragraph - The appointed Officer 
represents, under penalty of perjury, that he is 
not prevented of performing business activities 
and the position of management of the 
Sociedade em uma companhia, sendo portanto 
completamente acordado e entendido que a 
quantidade total de quotas empenhadas em 
conformidade com o Contrato de Penhor de 
Quotas deve sempre corresponder a 100% 
(cem por cento) do capital social da Sociedade, 
exceto se de outra forma permitido no 
Contrato de Financiamento. 
 
 
CLÁUSULA 
SEXTA 
– 
ADMINISTRAÇÃO 
 
A Sociedade deverá ser administrada por um 
administrador, sócio ou não, devidamente 
nomeado, destituído e/ou substituído por 
meio de resolução da sócia única formalizada 
no Contrato Social da Sociedade, ou em ato 
separado. O administrador indicado pela sócia 
única estará sujeito às limitações de poderes 
estabelecidos neste Contrato Social. 
 
Parágrafo Primeiro – A sócia única neste ato 
decide pela nomeação e posse do Sr. Trond 
Hugo Fiskum, norueguês, casado, executivo, 
portador da Cédula de Identidade de 
Estrangeiro RNE n° V409127-P emitida pela 
CIMCRE/CGPMAF da Polícia Federal e 
inscrito no CPF/MF sob o n° 740.319.451-91, 
com endereço profissional no município de 
Macaé, Estado do Rio de Janeiro, na Rua 
Sergio Roberto Franco, s/n, Quadra 03, parte, 
Fazenda Boa Vista, Imboassica, CEP 27932-
354. 
 
Parágrafo Segundo - O administrador 
nomeado declara, sob pena de perjúrio, que 
não está impedido de exercer as atividades de 
negócios ou a posição de administrador da 
Junta Comercial do Estado do Rio de Janeiro
Empresa: MHWIRTH DO BRASIL EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA.
NIRE: 332.1042752-1 Protocolo: 00-2021/590836-8 Data do protocolo: 06/12/2021
CERTIFICO O ARQUIVAMENTO em 07/12/2021 SOB O NÚMERO 00004661737 e demais constantes do termo de
autenticação.
Autenticação: DDAC4F934CBC0328AE34B25159EAE9101C419F5EB3A985EAFC2AE546BE398B51
Para validar o documento acesse http://www.jucerja.rj.gov.br/servicos/chanceladigital, informe o nº de protocolo.
Pag. 11/15

--- Page 84 ---
Junta Comercial do Estado do Rio de Janeiro
Empresa: MHWIRTH DO BRASIL EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA.
NIRE: 332.1042752-1 Protocolo: 00-2021/590836-8 Data do protocolo: 06/12/2021
CERTIFICO O ARQUIVAMENTO em 07/12/2021 SOB O NÚMERO 00004661737 e demais constantes do termo de
autenticação.
Autenticação: DDAC4F934CBC0328AE34B25159EAE9101C419F5EB3A985EAFC2AE546BE398B51
Para validar o documento acesse http://www.jucerja.rj.gov.br/servicos/chanceladigital, informe o nº de protocolo.
Pag. 12/15
10 
MHWIRTH DO BRASIL 
EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA. 
CNPJ 28.779.772/0001-92 
NIRE 332.1042752-1 
11th AMENDMENT TO THE 
ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION  
MHWIRTH DO BRASIL 
EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA. 
CNPJ 28.779.772/0001-92 
NIRE 332.1042752-1 
11ª ALTERAÇÃO DO CONTRATO 
SOCIAL 
 
Company, on the terms of article 1,011, first 
paragraph, of Law 10,406, of January 10, 2002, 
nor is convicted or under the effects of a 
conviction 
which 
prohibits, 
even 
if 
temporarily, to hold public office, of 
bankruptcy crime, malfeasance, bribery, graft, 
embezzlement or crime against welfare, the 
national financial system, public faith or 
property. 
 
Third Paragraph - The Officers shall not 
practice any of the acts listed below without the 
prior written approval of the sole shareholder: 
 
 
1. Change the head office of the Company; 
2. Liquidation of the Company; 
3. Encumbrance or disposition of permanent 
assets, either fixed or corporate; 
 
4. Any decision regarding the takeover, spin-
off or merger of the Company;  
5. Request of judicial or extrajudicial 
restructuring or bankruptcy of the Company; 
and 
6. 
Bank 
operations such 
as issuance, 
endorsements, 
acceptance 
and 
check 
guarantee, as well as agreements, deeds, 
commercial papers and trade acceptance bill, 
including derivative agreements of exchange 
protection (hedge) which may bind the 
Company, 
that 
cost 
more 
than 
BRL 
25,000,000.00 (twenty-five million Real). 
 
Fourth Paragraph - The manager will, 
individually, represent the Company either as 
plaintiff or defendant, in and out of court, use 
the Company’s name, and perform all acts 
necessary for the regular operation of the 
Sociedade, nos termos do artigo 1.011, 
parágrafo primeiro, da Lei 10.406, de 10 de 
janeiro de 2002, e não está condenado ou sob 
os efeitos de uma condenação que vede, ainda 
que temporariamente, de exercer cargos 
públicos, 
por 
crime 
falimentar, 
por 
prevaricação, suborno, concussão, peculato ou 
crime contra o bem-estar, o sistema financeiro 
nacional, a fé pública ou a propriedade. 
 
Parágrafo Terceiro - O administrador não 
deve praticar quaisquer dos atos listados 
abaixo, sem a aprovação prévia e por escrito da 
sócia única: 
 
1. Mudança da sede da Sociedade; 
2. Liquidação da Sociedade; 
3. Alienação ou oneração de bens do ativo 
permanente da Sociedade, seja fixo ou 
societário; 
4. Qualquer decisão relativa à incorporação, 
cisão ou fusão da Sociedade;  
5. Apresentação de pedido de recuperação 
judicial ou extrajudicial ou falência da 
Sociedade; e 
6. Contratos, escrituras, notas promissórias ou 
duplicatas que obriguem a Sociedade em 
valores superiores a R$ 25.000.000,00 (vinte e 
cinco milhões de reais), incluindo, mas não se 
limitando a operações bancárias, tais como 
emissões de cheques, endossos, aceites, 
garantias e contratos derivativos de proteção 
cambial (hedge). 
 
Parágrafo Quarto - O administrador, 
individualmente, representará a Sociedade ativa 
e passivamente, em juízo ou fora dele, usará da 
denominação social e praticará todos os atos 
necessários ao regular o funcionamento da 
Junta Comercial do Estado do Rio de Janeiro
Empresa: MHWIRTH DO BRASIL EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA.
NIRE: 332.1042752-1 Protocolo: 00-2021/590836-8 Data do protocolo: 06/12/2021
CERTIFICO O ARQUIVAMENTO em 07/12/2021 SOB O NÚMERO 00004661737 e demais constantes do termo de
autenticação.
Autenticação: DDAC4F934CBC0328AE34B25159EAE9101C419F5EB3A985EAFC2AE546BE398B51
Para validar o documento acesse http://www.jucerja.rj.gov.br/servicos/chanceladigital, informe o nº de protocolo.
Pag. 12/15

--- Page 85 ---
Junta Comercial do Estado do Rio de Janeiro
Empresa: MHWIRTH DO BRASIL EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA.
NIRE: 332.1042752-1 Protocolo: 00-2021/590836-8 Data do protocolo: 06/12/2021
CERTIFICO O ARQUIVAMENTO em 07/12/2021 SOB O NÚMERO 00004661737 e demais constantes do termo de
autenticação.
Autenticação: DDAC4F934CBC0328AE34B25159EAE9101C419F5EB3A985EAFC2AE546BE398B51
Para validar o documento acesse http://www.jucerja.rj.gov.br/servicos/chanceladigital, informe o nº de protocolo.
Pag. 13/15
11 
MHWIRTH DO BRASIL 
EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA. 
CNPJ 28.779.772/0001-92 
NIRE 332.1042752-1 
11th AMENDMENT TO THE 
ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION  
MHWIRTH DO BRASIL 
EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA. 
CNPJ 28.779.772/0001-92 
NIRE 332.1042752-1 
11ª ALTERAÇÃO DO CONTRATO 
SOCIAL 
 
Company, including giving undertakings and 
covenants, incurring loans with or without in 
rem or personal rights, issue, sign and 
guarantee notes, grant powers of attorney, 
assuming this list as an example and never 
restrictive to such powers, subject to the 
provisions of Third Paragraph above. Powers 
of Attorney must be valid for a limited term 
and must contain the description of the 
specific powers granted thereunder. 
 
 
CLAUSE SEVEN - RESOLUTIONS OF 
THE SOLE SHAREHOLDER  
 
 
Social resolutions of any nature will be taken 
by the sole shareholder and will be carried out: 
I - ordinarily, within the 04 (four) months 
following the end of the fiscal year to: (a) take 
the management accounts and resolution on 
the balance sheet and the economic result; (b) 
designate the managers and determine their 
remuneration, when applicable; and II - 
extraordinarily, whenever social interests 
require it.  
 
 
First Paragraph - The documents referred to 
in letter (a) of the previous paragraph will be 
made available to the sole shareholder at the 
meeting. 
 
Second Paragraph - The resolutions of the 
sole shareholder must be made in written and 
registered before the competent Board of 
Trade. 
 
CLAUSE EIGHT – FISCAL YEAR AND 
Sociedade, 
podendo 
inclusive 
firmar 
compromissos, contrair empréstimos, com ou 
sem garantia de direito real ou pessoal, emitir, 
assinar e avalizar promissórias, outorgar 
procurações, compreendendo-se esta relação 
como de caráter meramente exemplificado e 
nunca restritivo de tais poderes, sempre 
respeitado o disposto ao Parágrafo Terceiro 
acima. 
As 
procurações 
eventualmente 
outorgadas deverão conter prazo de validade e 
poderes específicos. 
 
CLÁUSULA 
SÉTIMA 
– 
DAS 
DELIBERAÇÕES SOCIAIS DA SÓCIA 
ÚNICA 
 
As deliberações sociais de qualquer natureza 
serão tomadas pela sócia única e serão 
realizadas: I - ordinariamente, dentro dos 04 
(quatro) meses seguintes ao término do 
exercício social para: (a) tomar as contas dos 
administradores e deliberar sobre o balanço 
patrimonial e o de resultado econômico; (b) 
designar os administradores e fixar a sua 
remuneração, quando for o caso; e II - 
extraordinariamente, sempre que os interesses 
sociais o exigirem. 
 
Parágrafo Primeiro - Os documentos de que 
trata a letra (a) do parágrafo anterior serão 
disponibilizados à sócia única na reunião. 
 
 
Parágrafo Segundo – As deliberações da 
sócia única deverão ser lavradas por escrito e 
registradas no órgão de registro de empresas 
competente. 
 
CLÁUSULA OITAVA - EXERCÍCIO 
Junta Comercial do Estado do Rio de Janeiro
Empresa: MHWIRTH DO BRASIL EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA.
NIRE: 332.1042752-1 Protocolo: 00-2021/590836-8 Data do protocolo: 06/12/2021
CERTIFICO O ARQUIVAMENTO em 07/12/2021 SOB O NÚMERO 00004661737 e demais constantes do termo de
autenticação.
Autenticação: DDAC4F934CBC0328AE34B25159EAE9101C419F5EB3A985EAFC2AE546BE398B51
Para validar o documento acesse http://www.jucerja.rj.gov.br/servicos/chanceladigital, informe o nº de protocolo.
Pag. 13/15

--- Page 86 ---
Junta Comercial do Estado do Rio de Janeiro
Empresa: MHWIRTH DO BRASIL EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA.
NIRE: 332.1042752-1 Protocolo: 00-2021/590836-8 Data do protocolo: 06/12/2021
CERTIFICO O ARQUIVAMENTO em 07/12/2021 SOB O NÚMERO 00004661737 e demais constantes do termo de
autenticação.
Autenticação: DDAC4F934CBC0328AE34B25159EAE9101C419F5EB3A985EAFC2AE546BE398B51
Para validar o documento acesse http://www.jucerja.rj.gov.br/servicos/chanceladigital, informe o nº de protocolo.
Pag. 14/15
12 
MHWIRTH DO BRASIL 
EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA. 
CNPJ 28.779.772/0001-92 
NIRE 332.1042752-1 
11th AMENDMENT TO THE 
ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION  
MHWIRTH DO BRASIL 
EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA. 
CNPJ 28.779.772/0001-92 
NIRE 332.1042752-1 
11ª ALTERAÇÃO DO CONTRATO 
SOCIAL 
 
RESULTS  
 
The fiscal year will start on January 1st and end 
on December 31st of each year, when the 
inventory, the balance sheet and the economic 
result balance will be prepared, pursuant to art. 
1,065 of Law 10,406, of January 10, 2002.  
 
 
First Paragraph - The profits will have the 
destination determined by the sole shareholder 
and the losses will be accumulated for 
compensation in future years. 
 
Second Paragraph - The Company, by 
decision of the sole shareholder, may draw up 
half-yearly or interim balance sheets and, based 
on them, distribute profits. 
 
CLAUSE NINE – VENUE 
 
It is elected the Courts of the City of Macaé, 
State of Rio de Janeiro, as jurisdiction for 
judicial resolution of any disputes arising from 
this present instrument or related to it, 
excluding any other venue, regardless of how 
privileged they may be. 
 
Thus, the sole shareholder signs the document 
in one copy. 
 
 
Macaé, November 25, 2021. 
SOCIAL E RESULTADOS 
 
O exercício social começará em 01 de janeiro e 
terminará em 31 de dezembro de cada ano, 
ocasião em que serão elaborados o inventário, 
o balanço patrimonial e o balanço de resultado 
econômico, nos termos do art. 1.065 da Lei 
10.406, de 10 de janeiro de 2002. 
 
Parágrafo Primeiro - Os lucros terão a 
destinação determinada pela sócia única e os 
prejuízos serão acumulados para compensação 
em exercícios futuros. 
 
Parágrafo Segundo - A Sociedade, por 
deliberação da sócia única, poderá levantar 
balanços semestrais ou intercalares e, com base 
nos mesmos, distribuir lucros. 
 
CLÁUSULA NONA – FORO 
 
Fica eleito o Foro da Cidade de Macaé, Estado 
do Rio de Janeiro, como competente para 
dirimir quaisquer questões oriundas deste 
contrato ou a ele relativas, com exclusão de 
qualquer outro, por mais privilegiado que seja. 
 
 
Assim, a sócia única assina o presente 
instrumento em via única. 
 
 
Macaé, 25 de novembro de 2021. 
 
 
 
_________________________________ 
MHWIRTH AS 
p.p Wilson José Andersen Ballão 
Junta Comercial do Estado do Rio de Janeiro
Empresa: MHWIRTH DO BRASIL EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA.
NIRE: 332.1042752-1 Protocolo: 00-2021/590836-8 Data do protocolo: 06/12/2021
CERTIFICO O ARQUIVAMENTO em 07/12/2021 SOB O NÚMERO 00004661737 e demais constantes do termo de
autenticação.
Autenticação: DDAC4F934CBC0328AE34B25159EAE9101C419F5EB3A985EAFC2AE546BE398B51
Para validar o documento acesse http://www.jucerja.rj.gov.br/servicos/chanceladigital, informe o nº de protocolo.
Pag. 14/15

--- Page 87 ---
Junta Comercial do Estado do Rio de Janeiro
Empresa: MHWIRTH DO BRASIL EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA.
NIRE: 332.1042752-1 Protocolo: 00-2021/590836-8 Data do protocolo: 06/12/2021
CERTIFICO O ARQUIVAMENTO em 07/12/2021 SOB O NÚMERO 00004661737 e demais constantes do termo de
autenticação.
Autenticação: DDAC4F934CBC0328AE34B25159EAE9101C419F5EB3A985EAFC2AE546BE398B51
Para validar o documento acesse http://www.jucerja.rj.gov.br/servicos/chanceladigital, informe o nº de protocolo.
Pag. 15/15
Presidência da República
Secretaria de Micro e Pequena Empresa
Secretaria de Racionalização e Simplifcação
Departamento de Registro Empresarial e Integração
Junta Comercial do Estado do Rio de Janeiro 
IDENTIFICAÇÃO DOS ASSINANTES
CERTIFICO 
QUE 
O 
ATO 
DA 
MHWIRTH 
DO 
BRASIL 
EQUIPAMENTOS 
LTDA., 
NIRE
33.2.1042752-1, 
PROTOCOLO 
00-2021/590836-8, 
ARQUIVADO 
EM 
07/12/2021, 
SOB 
O
NÚMERO (S) 00004661737, FOI ASSINADO DIGITALMENTE.
CPF/CNPJ
Nome
319.481.119-34
WILSON JOSE ANDERSEN BALLAO
07 de dezembro de 2021.
Jorge Paulo Magdaleno Filho
Secretário Geral
1/1
Junta Comercial do Estado do Rio de Janeiro
Empresa: MHWIRTH DO BRASIL EQUIPAMENTOS LTDA.
NIRE: 332.1042752-1 Protocolo: 00-2021/590836-8 Data do protocolo: 06/12/2021
CERTIFICO O ARQUIVAMENTO em 07/12/2021 SOB O NÚMERO 00004661737 e demais constantes do termo de
autenticação.
Autenticação: DDAC4F934CBC0328AE34B25159EAE9101C419F5EB3A985EAFC2AE546BE398B51
Para validar o documento acesse http://www.jucerja.rj.gov.br/servicos/chanceladigital, informe o nº de protocolo.
Pag. 15/15

--- Page 111 ---
DE BRAUW
BLACKSTONE
WESTBROEK
The undersigned:
Corstiaan Anne Voogt, civil law notary in Amsterdam, declares with respect to the
articles of association (the "Articles of Association") of the private limited liability
company HMH Holding B.V., with corporate seat in Amsterdam, the Netherlands,
formerly named: MHH Holding B.V. (the "Company") as follows:
(i)
the Articles of Association correspond with the document in the Dutch
language which is attached to this declaration;
(ii)
the document in the English language attached to this declaration is an
unofficial translation of the Articles of Association; if differences occur in the
translation, the Dutch text will govern by law; and
(iii)
the Articles of Association were most recently amended by deed (the "Deed")
executed on 17 February 2022 before C.A. Voogt, civil law notary in
Amsterdam, the Netherlands.
When issuing the statements included above under (i) and (iii) I, C.A. Voogt, civil law
notary, based any observations entirely on the information stated in the extract from
the Trade Register of the registration of the Company and on an official copy of the
Deed.
Signed in Amsterdam on 17 February 2022.

--- Page 112 ---
DE BRAUW
BLACKSTONE
WESTBROEK
ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION
of:
HMH Holding B.V.
with corporate seat in Amsterdam
dated 17 February 2022
1
DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION
1.1
Definitions
In these articles of association:
"Bear Director" means a managing director designated as Bear Director;
"Bear Shares" means the Bear Shares A and the Bear Shares B jointly;
"Bear Shares A" means the Shares A indicated as Bear Shares A;
"Bear Shares A Meeting" means the meeting of holders of Bear Shares A;
"Bear Shares A Profit Reserve" means the profit reserve referred to in article 11.2.4(a);
"Bear Shares B" means the Shares B indicated as Bear Shares B;
"Bear Shares B Meeting" means the meeting of holders of Bear Shares B;
"Bear Shares B Profit Reserve" means the profit reserve referred to in article 11.2.4(b );
"Bear Shares Meeting" means the meeting of holders of Bear Shares, being the Bear
Shares A Meeting and Bear Shares B Meeting jointly;
"BW" means the Dutch Civil Code (Burgerlijk Wetboek);
"Chairperson" means the Independent Director designated as Chairperson by the
management board in accordance with article 8.3.2, third sentence;
"Company" means the private limited liability company organised as set out in these
articles of association;
"General Meeting" means the corporate body that consists of all Persons Entitled to
Vote, or the meeting in which Persons Entitled to Attend General Meetings assemble;
"Independent Director" means a managing director designated as Independent Director;
"Meeting Rights" means the right to attend and speak at the General Meeting or, in the
case of a meeting of holders of shares of a specific class or indication, the meeting of
holders of those shares, either in person or by a proxy authorised in writing;
"Non-U.S. Operations" means the operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries
organised in jurisdictions other than the United States of America;
"Non-U.S. Results" means the results of the Company that are attributable to the Non-
U.S. Operations;
"Ownership Requirement" means the ownership requirement referred to in article 3.2.1,
first sentence;
"Persons Entitled to Attend General Meetings" means shareholders, pledgees with
Meeting Rights, and usufructuaries with Meeting Rights;
"Persons Entitled to Vote" means shareholders with voting rights at the General
Meeting, pledgees with voting rights at the General Meeting, and usufructuaries with
voting rights at the General Meeting, or where the meeting of holders of shares of a
specific class or indication adopts resolutions, with voting rights at that meeting;
"Results" means the U.S. Results and the Non-U.S. Results;
CAV/SBA
M 38524684/ 1/74713264

--- Page 113 ---
2
DE BRAUW
BLACKSTONE
WESTBROEK
"Shareholders' Agreement" means the shareholders' agreement in relation to the
Company entered into by the Company's shareholders, on or about the first day of
October two thousand and twenty-one, as amended from time to time, and which
agreement shall be deposited at the Company's offices (i) for full inspection by the
Company's shareholders and managing directors, and (ii) for full or partial inspection, at
the discretion of the management board, by third parties if and insofar as, in the opinion
of the management board, this is reasonably in the interest of understanding the
Company's organisation. Third parties that are not a party to the Shareholders'
Agreement cannot derive any rights from and have no obligations under said agreement
or any provisions of these articles of association arising from the Shareholders'
Agreement;
"Shares A" means class A ordinary shares in the Company's share capital, comprising
the Bear Shares A and the Titan Shares A;
"Shares A Meeting" means the meeting of holders of Shares A;
"Shares B" means class B ordinary shares in the Company's share capital, comprising
the Bear Shares B and the Titan Shares B;
"Shares B Meeting" means the meeting of holders of Shares B;
"Subsidiary" means a subsidiary as referred to in article 2:24a BW;
"Titan Director" means a managing director designated as Titan Director;
"Titan Shares" means the Titan Shares A and the Titan Shares B jointly;
"Titan Shares A" means the Shares A indicated as Titan Shares A;
"Titan Shares A Meeting" means the meeting of holders of Titan Shares A;
"Titan Shares A Profit Reserve" means the profit reserve referred to in article 11.2.4(c);
"Titan Shares B" means the Shares B indicated as Titan Shares B;
"Titan Shares B Meeting" means the meeting of holders of Titan Shares B;
"Titan Shares B Profit Reserve" means the profit reserve referred to in article 11.2.4(d);
"Titan Shares Meeting" means the meeting of holders of Titan Shares, being the Titan
Shares A Meeting and Titan Shares B Meeting jointly;
"Transferor" a shareholder who wants to transfer or shall offer his shares;
"U.S. Operations" means the operations of the Company's Subsidiaries organised in the
United States of America; and
"U.S. Results" means the results of the Company that are attributable to the U.S.
Operations.
1.2
Interpretation
1.2.1
The management board, the General Meeting, the Shares A Meeting, the Shares B
Meeting, the Bear Shares Meeting, the Titan Shares Meeting, the Bear Shares A
Meeting, the Titan Shares A Meeting, the Bear Shares B Meeting and the Titan Shares B
Meeting each constitute a distinct body of the Company.
1.2.2
The Shares A and the Shares Beach form a separate class of shares in the Company's
share capital. The Bear Shares A, the Titan Shares A, the Bear Shares B and the Titan
Shares Beach constitute shares of a specific indication (aanduiding).
1.2.3
Wherever in these articles of association reference is made to the meeting of holders of
shares of a particular class or indication this shall be understood to mean the body of the
Company consisting of the person or persons to whom, as a holder of shares of the

--- Page 114 ---
3
DE BRAUW
BLACKSTONE
WESTBROEK
relevant class or indication or otherwise, voting rights attached to shares of the relevant
class or indication accrue, or (as the case may be) a meeting of such persons (or their
representatives).
1.2.4
References to "articles" refer to articles that are part of these articles of association,
except where expressly indicated otherwise.
1.2.5
References to one gender include all genders and references to the singular include the
plural and vice versa.
2
NAME, SEAT AND OBJECTS
2.1
Name and seat
2.1.1
The name of the Company is: HMH Holding B.V.
2.1.2
The Company's seat is in Amsterdam.
2.2
Objects
The objects of the Company are:
(a)
to incorporate, to in any manner participate or take any other interest in, to
manage and to supervise businesses and companies of whatever nature;
(b)
to give advice and to provide services to businesses and companies with which
the Company is affiliated;
(c)
to finance businesses and companies with which the Company is affiliated;
(d)
to borrow and to raise funds, including the issuing of bonds, debentures or other
securities, and to enter into related agreements; and
(e)
to issue guarantees, to commit the Company and to encumber the assets of the
Company for the benefit of businesses, companies and other legal entities with
which the Company is affiliated in a group and for the benefit of third parties,
as well as any and all things that are related or may be conducive to the above, all of this
in the broadest sense of the word.
3
CAPITAL, OWNERSHIP REQUIREMENT AND ISSUE OF SHARES
3.1
Capital and shares
3.1.1
The share capital of the Company consists of:
(a)
one or more Shares A with a nominal value of one euro (EUR 1) each, which
shares have the following indication (aanduiding) and numbering:
(i)
Bear Shares A, which are numbered from Bear A1 onwards; or
(ii)
Titan Shares A, which are numbered from Titan A1 onwards; and
(b)
one or more Shares B with a nominal value of one euro (EUR 1) each, which
shares have the following indication (aanduiding) and numbering:
(i)
Bear Shares B, which are numbered from Bear B1 onwards; or
(ii)
Titan Shares B, which are numbered from Titan B1 onwards.
3.1.2
Shares are in registered form. No share certificates are issued.
3.2
Ownership requirement
3.2.1
Unless the Company has a sole shareholder, shareholders, other than the Company or a
Subsidiary, may only be persons who are a party to or have adhered to the Shareholders'
Agreement. In deviation from the preceding sentence, shareholders may also be those
persons who have been exempted from fulfilling the Ownership Requirement by a
resolution of the General Meeting.
3.2.2
I and as long as a shareholder fails to fulfil and is not exempted by the General Meeting

--- Page 115 ---
4
DE BRAUW
BLACKSTONE
WESTBROEK
from fulfilling the Ownership Requirement, the Meeting Rights and the voting rights
attached to the shareholder's shares and the rights to receive dividends, payments,
repayments or any other distributions from the Company on such shares shall be
suspended.
3.2.3
The suspension of Meeting Rights and voting rights referred to in article 3.2.2 ends if the
effect of the suspension is that voting rights cannot be exercised on any of the shares.
Furthermore, the suspension of all rights referred to in article 3.2.2 ends in respect of a
pledged share if and for as long as the voting right attached to that pledged share can be
exercised by the pied gee following a transfer of the voting right in accordance with article
6.2.2.
3.2.4
If and as long as a shareholder fails to fulfil and is not exempted by the General Meeting
from fulfilling the Ownership Requirement, the shareholder concerned must request the
Company to designate one (1) or more prospective purchasers for all of his shares. The
Company shall be required to, within three (3) months of receipt of the request referred to
in the preceding sentence, designate one (1) or more persons who do fulfil or have been
exempted from fulfilling the Ownership Requirement and who are willing and able to
purchase all the shares held by the requesting person. The shareholder and the
designated prospective purchaser(s) shall determine the price of the shares. Failing such
agreement, the price shall be determined by an independent expert to be appointed by
the designated prospective purchaser(s) and the shareholder by mutual agreement. If the
designated prospective purchaser(s) and the shareholder do not reach agreement on the
appointment of an independent expert within twenty (20) days after the start of the
discussions, each of the prospective purchaser(s) and the shareholder have the right to
defer to the chairman of the Royal Dutch Association of Civil-law Notaries (Koninklijke
Notariële Beroepsorganisatie) to appoint an expert.
3.2.5
If a designation, as referred to in the second sentence of article 3.2.4, is not made or not
made in due time, or if due to circumstances beyond his control, not all the shares are
purchased from the requesting person, such shareholder:
(a)
shall be irrevocably exempted from the Ownership Requirement and the
suspension of the shareholders' rights referred to in article 3.2.2 shall end; and
(b)
must offer all of his (remaining) shares to one (1) or more persons who do fulfil or
have been exempted from fulfilling the Ownership Requirement in accordance
with article 7.3.
3.2.6
If a shareholder does not submit a request as referred to in the first sentence of article
3.2.4 within three (3) months after he ceased to comply with, without being exempted
from, the Ownership Requirement, or if a shareholder who must offer his shares in
accordance with article 3.2.5(b) has not made the offer as referred to in article 7 .3 within
one (1) month from the moment the exemption referred to in article 3.2.5(a) entered into
effect, the Company is irrevocably authorised to, within one (1) month, designate one (1)
or more prospective purchasers for all of such shareholder's shares and to transfer the
shares.
3.3
Issue of shares
3.3.1
The management board resolves on the issue of shares and determines the issue price,
as well as the other terms and conditions of the issue.

--- Page 116 ---
5
DE BRAUW
BLACKSTONE
WESTBROEK
3.3.2
Article 3.3.1 applies equally if rights to subscribe for shares are granted, but not if shares
are issued to a person exercising a right to subscribe for shares.
3.3.3
Shares may not be issued at an issue price below the nominal value of the shares.
3.3.4
Shares are issued by notarial deed.
3.4
Pre-emptive rights
Subject to the provisions in the Shareholders' Agreement, which shall be complied with, a
shareholder has no pre-emptive rights if shares are issued or rights to subscribe for
shares are granted.
4
OWN SHARES AND CAPITAL REDUCTION
4.1
Acquisition and disposal of own shares
4.1.1
The management board resolves on the acquisition by the Company of fully paid-up
shares or depositary receipts for fully paid-up shares. Acquisition by the Company of not
fully paid-up shares or depositary receipts for not fully paid-up shares is void.
4.1.2
Article 3.3.1 equally applies if the Company disposes of own shares, except that the
disposal may be made at a price below the nominal value of the shares. The share
transfer restrictions referred to in article 7.2 (Transfer of shares in accordance with the
Shareholders' Agreement) will not apply.
4.2
Capital reduction
4.2.1
The General Meeting may resolve to reduce the issued share capital.
4.2.2
The issued share capital may be reduced by an amendment of the articles of association
reducing the nominal value of shares or by cancelling shares.
5
SHAREHOLDERS REGISTER, NOTICES OF MEETINGS AND NOTIFICATIONS
5.1
Shareholders register
5.1.1
The management board shall keep a shareholders register as referred to in article 2: 194
BW.
5.1.2
The management board shall make the shareholders register available at the Company's
office for inspection by the Persons Entitled to Attend General Meetings.
5.2
Notices of meetings and notifications
5.2.1
Notices of meetings and notifications to Persons Entitled to Attend General Meetings
must be in writing and sent to the addresses stated in the shareholders register. If a
Person Entitled to Attend General Meetings consents, notices of meetings and
notifications may be sent to that person by email.
5.2.2
Notifications to the management board must be in writing and sent to the Company's
address, or by email to the address provided for this purpose.
6
DEPOSITARY RECEIPTS FOR SHARES AND LIMITED RIGHTS TO SHARES
6.1
Depositary receipts for shares
Meeting Rights may not be attached to depositary receipts for shares.
6.2
Right of pledge
6.2.1
Shares may be pledged.
6.2.2
The pledgee has the voting rights attached to pledged shares if this was agreed in writing
when the right of pledge was created or at a later date and the pledgee is a person to
whom the shares can be freely transferred or if the General Meeting has approved the
grant of voting rights and - if another person succeeds to the rights of the pied gee - the
transfer of the voting rights.

--- Page 117 ---
6
DE BRAUW
BLACKSTONE
WESTBROEK
6.2.3
Only pledgees with voting rights have Meeting Rights. Shareholders who do not have
voting rights as a result of a share pledge, do have Meeting Rights.
7
TRANSFER OF SHARES AND SHARE TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS
7.1
Transfer of shares
7 .1.1
The transfer of shares or of a right of usufruct on shares, the creation or release of a right
of usufruct on shares, and the creation of a right of pledge on shares must be effected by
notarial deed. The transfer of depositary receipts for shares and the release of a right of
pledge on shares may be effected by private instrument. The pledgee and the pledger
must inform the Company of the release of a right of pledge.
7 .1.2
The provisions of articles 7 .2 up to and including article 7. 7 apply to a transfer of shares.
In deviation from the preceding sentence, the provisions of articles 7 .2 up to and
including article 7. 7 and article 2: 195 BW do not apply to a transfer of shares in the
context of the enforcement of a right of pledge on such shares in accordance with article
3:248 BW.
7.2
Transfer of shares in accordance with the Shareholders' Agreement
The transfer of one or more shares by a shareholder who is a party to the Shareholders'
Agreement may only take place in accordance with the Shareholders' Agreement. Such a
transfer of shares is not subject to the share transfer restrictions as referred to in articles
7.3 through 7.7 or article 2:195 BW.
7.3
Transfer of shares not in accordance with the Shareholders' Agreement
7 .3.1
A shareholder who wishes to transfer one or more shares but who is not or no longer a
party to the Shareholders' Agreement, shall first offer his shares to the other
shareholders; the Company is only designated as a shareholder if the Transferor agrees
to this. The restrictions and rules referred to in article 7.4 through article 7. 7 apply.
7.3.2
Article 7.3.1 does not apply to a transfer of shares to a designated prospective purchaser
in accordance with article 3.2.4 or article 3.2.6.
7.4
Offer to the other shareholders: procedure
7.4.1
A Transferor notifies the management board that he wants to transfer shares. In this
notification, the Transferor shall indicate:
(a)
the number of shares he wants to transfer;
(b)
the class and/or indication and reference of those shares, if applicable; and
(c)
the persons who he wants to transfer those shares to.
7.4.2
The management board ensures that the other shareholders are notified of the
Transferor's offer within seven (7) days of receiving the notification referred to in article
7.4.1.
7.4.3
The Transferor and the other shareholders are then given the opportunity to consult each
other about the purchase of the shares and the price. As soon as they reach agreement,
a purchase agreement will be concluded. If they do not reach agreement within twenty
(20) days, articles 7.5 through 7.7 will apply.
7.5
Offer to the other shareholders: determining the price
7 .5.1
The Transferor and the management board shall consult each other to designate an
independent expert. If they fail to reach agreement on this, the independent expert will be
designated by the chairman of the Royal Dutch Association of Civil-law Notaries
(Koninklijke Notariële Beroepsorganisatie). The independent expert determines the price

--- Page 118 ---
7
DE BRAUW
BLACKSTONE
WESTBROEK
of the shares.
7.5.2
Within ten (10) days of the independent expert's notification of the price to the Transferor
and the management board, the management board notifies the other shareholders. In
this notification, the management board shall indicate:
(a)
the Transferor's name;
(b)
the persons who the Transferor wants to transfer the shares to;
(c)
the number of shares the Transferor wants to transfer;
(d)
the class and reference of those shares, if applicable; and
(e)
the price determined by the independent expert.
7.5.3
Shareholders who want to purchase shares shall notify the management board of their
intention, specifying the number of shares they want to purchase, within thirty (30) days
of receiving the notification referred to in article 7.5.2.
7.5.4
Ten (10) days after the period referred to in article 7.5.3 has expired, the management
board notifies the Transferor whether there are any prospective purchasers among the
other shareholders and how many shares they would like to purchase.
7 .5.5
After the management board's notification referred to in article 7 .5.4, the Transferor has
thirty (30) days to decide whether to sell his shares to the prospective purchasers.
7 .5.6
The costs of determining the price are paid by the Transferor.
7.5.7
If the Transferor does not withdraw his offer, and if there are prospective purchasers for
all the shares that are on offer, a purchase agreement will be concluded.
7.5.8
If the other shareholders are unwilling to purchase all the shares that are on offer, the
Transferor may transfer all the shares, within ninety (90) days, to the persons referred to
in the notification as referred to in article 7.5.1, for at least the same price and subject to
the same conditions on which the other shareholders could have purchased the shares.
7.5.9
The Transferor shall transfer the shares within twenty (20) days after the expiry of the
period referred to in article 7.5.5. The prospective purchasers shall simultaneously pay
the price of the shares in cash to the Transferor.
7.6
Offer to the other shareholders: default of prospective purchaser
7 .6.1
If a prospective purchaser has defaulted on payment, the Transferor may terminate the
purchase agreement by notifying the management board within fifteen (15) days from
when the default began. The management board immediately notifies the prospective
purchaser of this fact.
7.6.2
If there are no other prospective purchasers, the Transferor may, within ninety (90) days
of the notification in article 7.6.1, transfer all his offered shares (and not some of them) to
the persons indicated in the notification referred to in article 7 .4.1.
7.6.3
If there are other prospective purchasers who did pay, the unpaid shares will be deemed
to have been offered to those prospective purchasers. The management board shall
notify the prospective purchasers of this fact as soon as possible.
7.6.4
If not all unpaid shares have been purchased by the prospective purchasers within twenty
(20) days of the notification referred to in article 7 .6.3, the Transferor may transfer those
unpaid shares to the persons indicated in the notification referred to in article 7.4.1 within
ninety (90) days of the end of the twenty-day period mentioned above.
7.7
Offer to the other shareholders: default of Transferor
7. 7 .1
If the Transferor defaults on the transfer of the shares, the Company is irrevocably

--- Page 119 ---
8
DE BRAUW
BLACKSTONE
WESTBROEK
authorised to transfer the shares.
7.7.2
The Company shall proceed to transfer the shares on the basis of article 7.7.1 within ten
(10) days after the right holder to the shares makes such a request to the Company.
8
MANAGEMENT
8.1
Appointment, suspension, dismissal, inability to act and vacancy
8.1.1
The Company is managed by the management board. If the Company has one (1)
shareholder, the number of managing directors is determined by the General Meeting. If
the Company has more than one (1) shareholder, the number of managing directors is
determined by the management board. In such instance, the management board must
consist of at least one (1) Independent Director, and may consist of one (1) or more Bear
Directors and one (1) or more Titan Directors.
8.1.2
The General Meeting appoints the managing directors. The General Meeting may
suspend and dismiss managing directors.
8.1.3
If any managing director positions are vacant or any managing directors are unable to
act, the remaining managing director or directors shall manage the Company. If all
managing director positions are vacant or all managing directors are unable to act, a
person designated for that purpose by the General Meeting shall temporarily manage the
Company. If all managing director positions are vacant, that person shall as soon as
possible take the necessary measures to make definitive arrangements. "Unable to act"
means a managing director is temporarily unable to perform his duties as a result of:
(a)
suspension;
(b)
illness; or
(c)
inaccessibility.
8.2
Remuneration
The General Meeting determines the remuneration and other terms which apply to the
managing directors. Reasonable out-of-pocket costs incurred by the managing directors
in connection with the performance of their duties as a managing director of the Company
will be reimbursed by the Company.
8.3
Internal organisation and adoption of resolutions
8.3.1
The management board may adopt written rules governing its internal
proceedings.Subject to the approval of the General Meeting, the managing directors may
also divide their duties, in rules or otherwise. Furthermore, the management board may
grant titles to individual managing directors.
8.3.2
The management board meets whenever a managing director deems it necessary. The
management board designates an Independent Director as Chairperson. The
Chairperson presides the management board meetings. If the Chairperson is absent, one
of the other managing directors, designated by the managing directors present at the
meeting concerned, shall preside, but shall not otherwise have any of the other rights of
the Chairperson set forth in the Shareholders' Agreement or in articles 8.3.6 and 9.3.1.
8.3.3
All managing directors, save for the Chairperson, may be represented at a meeting by
another managing director who is entitled to vote and who has been authorised in writing.
8.3.4
Each managing director has the right to cast one (1) vote, unless the following two (2)
sentences, or either of them, apply. If two (2) Bear Directors are in office, but only one (1)
of them is present or represented at a meeting, the Bear Director present or represented

--- Page 120 ---
9
DE BRAUW
BLACKSTONE
WESTBROEK
shall be entitled to cast two (2) votes, provided that at least two (2) votes can also be cast
by or on behalf of other managing directors. If two (2) Titan Directors are in office, but
only one (1) of them is present or represented at a meeting, the Titan Director present or
represented shall be entitled to cast two (2) votes, provided that at least two (2) votes can
also be cast by or on behalf of other managing directors.
8.3.5
Resolutions can only be validly adopted at a management board meeting if at least the
majority of the managing directors in office and entitled to vote is present or represented,
provided that, such majority comprises at least one (1) Bear Director, to the extent any
Bear Directors are in office, and at least one ( 1) Titan Director, to the extent any Titan
Directors are in office.
8.3.6
The management board adopts its resolutions by an absolute majority of votes cast. In a
tie vote, the Chairperson will decide, or, if the Chairperson is absent, the resolution will
be rejected.
8.3.7
If a managing director has a direct or indirect personal conflict of interest with the
Company and its business, he may not participate in the management board's
deliberations and decision-making on that subject, and does not qualify as a managing
director entitled to vote on the subject. If no resolution of the management board can be
adopted as a result, the General Meeting adopts the resolution.
8.3.8
The management board may also adopt resolutions without holding a meeting, provided
that these resolutions are adopted in writing or by reproducible electronic communication
and all managing directors entitled to vote have consented to adopting the resolution
outside a meeting. Articles 8.3.6 and 8.3.7 equally apply to adoption by the management
board of resolutions without holding a meeting.
8.3.9
The General Meeting may make management board resolutions subject to its approval or
the approval of the Bear Shares Meeting and/or the Titan Shares Meeting, provided that
those resolutions have been clearly specified and notified to the management board. The
absence of the approval by the General Meeting, the Bear Shares Meeting and/or the
Titan Shares Meeting of a management board resolution does not affect the authority of
the management board to represent the Company.
8.3.10
The management board may not file for bankruptcy of the Company without a mandate
from the General Meeting.
8.3.11
The management board shall adhere to the directions of the General Meeting, unless the
directions are contrary to the interests of the Company and its business.
8.4
Representation
8.4.1
The entire management board represents the Company (towards third parties). This
authority to represent the Company is also vested in:
(a)
two (2) Independent Directors acting jointly;
(b)
an Independent Director acting jointly with either a Bear Director or a Titan
Director; or
(c)
a Bear Director and a Titan Director acting jointly.
8.4.2
The management board may grant power to represent the Company (procuratie) or any
other power to represent the Company on a continuing basis to one or more individuals
whether or not employed by the Company. The management board may grant titles to the
individuals referred to in the preceding sentence.

--- Page 121 ---
10
DE BRAUW
BLACKSTONE
WESTBROEK
9
GENERAL MEETING, MEETING OF HOLDERS OF SHARES OF A SPECIFIC CLASS
9.1
Annual General Meeting
9.1.1
At least one General Meeting must be held during the Company's financial year, unless
the matters referred to in article 9.1.2 have been resolved on without holding a meeting in
accordance with article 9.5 (Resolutions without holding a meeting).
9.1.2
The agenda for the annual General Meeting must include the following items:
(a)
if article 2:391 BW applies to the Company, the deliberations on the management
report;
(b)
the adoption of the annual accounts;
(c)
the allocation of profits; and
(d)
the discharge of managing directors in office in the preceding financial year for
their management in that financial year.
9.1.3
The items referred to in article 9.1.2 do not need to be included on the agenda if the
deadline for preparing the annual accounts and, if applicable, presenting the
management report has been extended or if the agenda includes a proposal to that
effect.
9.1.4
A General Meeting must furthermore be convened whenever the management board, a
shareholder or a Person Entitled to Vote deems it necessary.
9.2
Location and notice of meetings
9.2.1
General Meetings are held in the municipality where the Company has its seat, or in
Rotterdam, the Hague, Utrecht, Eindhoven and the municipality of Haarlemmermeer
(Schiphol Airport), the Netherlands.
9.2.2
The management board, a managing director or a Person Entitled to Vote shall give
notice of the General Meeting to Persons Entitled to Attend General Meetings.
9.2.3
Notice must be given in accordance with the deadline referred to in article 2:225 BW.
9.2.4
If one or more of the requirements referred to in article 9.2.1 or article 9.2.3 have not
been met, valid resolutions may only be adopted at a General Meeting if all Persons
Entitled to Attend General Meetings have consented to this method of adoption and the
managing directors have been given the opportunity to issue advice prior to the adoption
of the resolution.
9.2.5
The notice must specify the agenda, as well as the location and time of the General
Meeting. Article 9.2.4 equally applies to adoption of resolutions on matters which have
not been included in the notice or which have not been announced in a supplemental
notice within the deadline for giving notice.
9.3
Order of business at the meeting
9.3.1
The General Meeting is chaired by the Chairperson. Where no Chairperson is appointed
or where the Chairperson is not present, the General Meeting shall appoint its own chair.
The person chairing the General Meeting appoints a secretary.
9.3.2
Minutes must be taken of the General Meeting.
9.3.3
Managing directors may attend General Meetings and have an advisory vote at General
Meetings in their capacity of managing director.
9.4
Voting procedure and proxy
9.4.1
Each share confers the right to cast one vote at the General Meeting. At the General
Meeting no vote may be cast on shares held by the Company or a Subsidiary, or on

--- Page 122 ---
11
DE BRAUW
BLACKSTONE
WESTBROEK
shares for which the Company or a Subsidiary holds the depositary receipts. Pledgees or
usufructuaries of shares held by the Company or a Subsidiary are, however, not excluded
from the right to vote on those shares if the right of pledge or the right of usufruct was
granted before the Company or the Subsidiary held the shares. The Company or a
Subsidiary may not cast a vote on shares that it holds a right of pledge or usufruct on.
9.4.2
Shares that do not carry voting rights pursuant to the law or these articles of association
are not taken into account in determining to what extent shareholders vote, are present or
represented or to what extent the share capital is provided or represented. Blank votes,
abstentions from voting and invalid votes are regarded as not having been cast.
9.4.3
Resolutions can only be validly adopted at a General Meeting where more than fifty
percent (50%) of the aggregate issued and outstanding share capital of the Company is
present or represented. If no resolution can be adopted because the quorum requirement
referred to in the preceding sentence is not met, a second General Meeting as referred to
in article 2:230(3) BW will be convened, taking into account article 2:225 BW. Subject to
article 2:334cc(1 )(d) BW, resolutions may be adopted at this second General Meeting
regardless of the part of issued share capital present or represented at that General
Meeting.
9.4.4
Resolutions are adopted by an absolute majority of the votes cast, unless the law or
these articles of association specifically require a larger majority. Shareholders of the
Company that are a party to the Shareholders' Agreement shall take into account the
majority requirements for resolutions of the General Meeting as set out in that agreement.
9.4.5
In a tie vote on the appointment of persons, no resolution is adopted. In a tie vote on
other matters, the proposal is rejected.
9.4.6
The management board may resolve that each Person Entitled to Attend General
Meetings may directly observe and take part in the General Meeting by electronic
communication.
9.4.7
The management board may resolve that each Person Entitled to Vote may exercise his
voting rights by electronic communication, either in person or by a proxy authorised in
writing.
9.4.8
The management board may attach conditions to the use of electronic communication.
The notice of the General Meeting must set out these conditions or state where they can
be consulted.
9.4.9
Persons Entitled to Attend General Meetings may be represented at the General Meeting
by a proxy authorised in writing.
9.5
Resolutions without holding a meeting
9.5.1
Persons Entitled to Vote may also adopt any resolutions which they may adopt at a
General Meeting without holding a meeting. The managing directors must be given the
opportunity to give advice about a motion before the motion is voted on.
9.5.2
A resolution adopted without holding a meeting will only be valid if all Persons Entitled to
Attend General Meetings consent to this form of adoption and the resolution is adopted
either in writing or by reproducible electronic communication as required by law and
these articles of association.
9.5.3
Persons who have adopted a resolution without holding a meeting shall immediately
notify the management board of the resolution.

--- Page 123 ---
12
DE BRAUW
BLACKSTONE
WESTBROEK
9.6
Meetings of holders of shares of a specific class or indication
9.6.1
A meeting of holders of shares of a specific class or indication must be held whenever a
resolution of that meeting is required or the management board deems it necessary. In
addition, meetings of holders of shares of a specific class or indication must be held if
one or more Persons Entitled to Attend General Meetings who individually or jointly
represent at least one hundredth of the issued share capital of that class or indication
deem a meeting necessary, unless this is contrary to an overriding interest of the
Company.
9.6.2
If one or more persons referred to in article 9.6.1 deem a meeting of holders of shares of
a specific class or indication necessary, they may make a request to the management
board to that effect. The request must clearly state the items to be discussed. If a
managing director does not convene that meeting so that it is held within ten (10) days of
the request, any of the persons requesting the meeting may convene the meeting in
accordance with these articles of association.
9.6.3
Articles 9.2 (Location and notice of meetings) through 9.5 (Resolutions without holding a
meeting) equally apply to meetings of holders of shares of a specific class or indication
and the resolutions to be adopted by these meetings. The notice is sent no later than on
the sixth day before the meeting.
9.6.4
As long as no votes may be cast at a meeting of holders of shares of a specific class or
indication, the General Meeting will have the rights attached to that meeting.
10
FINANCIAL YEAR, ANNUAL REPORTING AND AUDITOR
10.1
Financial year and annual reporting
10.1.1
The financial year is the same as the calendar year.
10.1.2
Annually within five months after the end of each financial year the management board
shall prepare annual accounts and make these available at the Company's office for
inspection by the Persons Entitled to Attend General Meetings. The General Meeting may
extend this period on the basis of special circumstances by no more than five months.
10.1.3
If the mandate referred to in article 10.2 (Auditor) has been given, the auditor's statement
must be added to the annual accounts. Furthermore, the management report must be
added to the annual accounts, unless article 2:391 BW does not apply to the Company.
The additional information referred to in article 2:392(1) BW must also be added insofar
as that paragraph (1) applies to the Company.
10.1.4
The annual accounts must be signed by all managing directors; if any signature is
missing, this must be stated and explained.
10.1.5
The General Meeting adopts the annual accounts.
10.1.6
Article 2:210(5) BW does not apply to the adoption of the annual accounts.
10.2
Auditor
10.2.1
The Company may give a mandate to an auditor as referred to in article 2:393 BW to
audit the annual accounts prepared by the management board in accordance with article
2:393(3) BW. If the law so requires, the Company shall give this mandate.
10.2.2
The General Meeting gives the mandate to the auditor. If the General Meeting fails to
give the mandate, the management board will give the mandate.
10.2.3
The mandate given to the auditor may be revoked by the General Meeting and by the
corporate body which has given the mandate. The mandate may only be revoked for valid

--- Page 124 ---
13
DE BRAUW
BLACKSTONE
WESTBROEK
reasons and in accordance with article 2:393(2) BW.
10.2.4
The auditor shall report on the audit to the management board and set out the results of
the audit in an auditor's statement on whether the annual accounts present a true and fair
view.
11
RESULTS, RESERVES AND DISTRIBUTIONS
11.1
Results
11.1.1
The Results are allocated as follows:
(a)
the U.S. Results; and
(b)
the Non-U.S. Results.
The allocation of the Results shall be included and reflected in the annual accounts as
adopted by the General Meeting or, as the case may be, in the interim financial
statements.
11.1.2
In preparing the annual accounts, the management board shall determine the Results
after tax.
11.2
Reserves
11.2.1
The Company may provide for a separate share premium reserve for each individual
shareholder. Each payment (in cash or in kind) on a share exceeding the nominal value
of such share is credited to the share premium reserve maintained for the holder of the
share on which the payment is made. The shares held by the shareholder for which a
share premium reserve is maintained give exclusive entitlement to the share premium
reserve concerned.
11.2.2
The management board shall keep such records so that it can at all times ascertain which
amount of a share premium reserve can be attributed to each individual share that gives
entitlement to the share premium reserve concerned.
11.2.3
In addition to the other reserves, the Company maintains a profit reserve for:
(a)
the Bear Shares A, to which the Bear Shares A give an exclusive entitlement;
(b)
the Bear Shares B, to which the Bear Shares B give an exclusive entitlement;
(c)
the Titan Shares A, to which the Titan Shares A give an exclusive entitlement;
and
(d)
the Titan Shares B, to which the Titan Shares B give an exclusive entitlement.
Where these articles of association refer to profit reserves, reference is made to the
above profit reserves, unless explicitly provided otherwise.
11.2.4
The management board shall keep record of the amounts debited or credited to:
(a)
the Bear Shares A Profit Reserve, with respect to each individual Bear Share A;
(b)
the Bear Shares B Profit Reserve, with respect to each individual Bear Share B;
(c)
the Titan Shares A Profit Reserve, with respect to each individual Titan Share A;
and
(d)
the Titan Shares B Profit Reserve, with respect to each individual Titan Share B.
11.2.5
Upon the adoption of the annual accounts referred to in article 10.1.5, the management
board may resolve to reserve the Results, or any part thereof, as shown in the annual
accounts.
11.2.6
The U.S. Results remaining after application of article 11.2.5 are attributed as follows:
(a)
to the extent those results are positive, an amount equal to:
(i)
fifty percent (50%) shall be credited to the Bear Shares A Profit Reserve;

--- Page 125 ---
14
DE BRAUW
BLACKSTONE
WESTBROEK
and
(ii)
fifty percent (50%) shall be credited to the Titan Shares A Profit Reserve;
(b)
to the extent those results are negative, an amount equal to:
(i)
fifty percent (50%) shall be debited to the Bear Shares A Profit Reserve;
and
(ii)
fifty percent (50%) shall be debited to the Titan Shares A Profit Reserve.
The Non-U.S. Results remaining after application of article 11.2.5 are attributed as
follows:
(a)
to the extent those results are positive, an amount equal to:
(i)
fifty percent (50%) shall be credited to the Bear Shares B Profit Reserve;
and
(ii)
fifty percent ( 50%) shall be credited to the Titan Shares B Profit Reserve;
(b)
to the extent those results are negative, an amount equal to:
(i)
fifty percent (50%) shall be debited to the Bear Shares B Profit Reserve;
and
(ii)
fifty percent (50%) shall be debited to the Titan Shares B Profit Reserve.
11.2.7
The management board, with the approval of the meeting of holders of the shares entitled
to the profit reserve concerned, may resolve to make an interim credit or debit to a
particular profit reserve. The amount of the credit or debit shall be equal to the pro rata
part, calculated up to and including the date of the management board resolution referred
to in the first sentence, of the aggregate U.S. Result and/or the Non-U.S. Result, as the
case may be, that is to be credited or debited in accordance with article 11.2.6 upon the
adoption of the annual accounts of the financial year concerned as reasonably predicted
by the management board. Any amount credited or debited in accordance with this article
11.2.7 shall be set off against the total amount credited or debited to the relevant profit
reserve in accordance with article 11.2.6 upon the adoption of the annual accounts in the
financial year concerned.
11.3
Distributions
11.3.1
To the extent that the Company's equity exceeds the total amount of the reserves
referred to in article 2:216(1) BW, the General Meeting, at the proposal of the
management board and with the approval of the meeting of holders of shares entitled to
the particular reserve, may resolve upon a distribution from:
(a)
a particular share premium reserve as referred to in article 11.2.1; and/or
(b)
a particular profit reserve as referred to in article 11.2.3.
A resolution to make a distribution from a reserve is subject to the management board's
approval. The management board may only withhold its approval if it knows or should
reasonably expect that the Company will be unable to continue paying its due debts after
the distribution.
11.3.2
A distribution on one or more shares from a reserve to which such shares are exclusively
entitled may only be made to the extent that the aggregate entitlement to share premium
reserves and profit reserves in respect of all shares held by the shareholder concerned
reflect a positive balance.
11.3.3
Shares held by the Company in its own share capital or for which depositary receipts
have been issued that are held by the Company are not taken into account in determining

--- Page 126 ---
15
DE BRAUW
BLACKSTONE
WESTBROEK
how the amount to be distributed on shares is to be divided. These shares are, however,
taken into account if they are subject to a right of pledge or a right of usufruct or if
depositary receipts have been issued for these shares entitling the holder of that right or
those depositary receipts to the distribution.
11.3.4
A distribution at the expense of a reserve can only be made to the holders of shares
entitled to such reserve in accordance with article 11.2.1 and 11.2.3, and shall be made
in proportion to the individual share's entitlement to the balance of the relevant reserve at
the time of the distribution, unless determined otherwise by a resolution of the meeting of
holders of shares entitled to that particular reserve. Only the amount of the mandatory
payments on the nominal value of the shares is taken into account in determining the
amount to be distributed on each share. The preceding sentence may be deviated from
with the consent of all shareholders.
11.3.5
Distributions are due four weeks after they have been declared, unless the General
Meeting sets a different date at the management board's proposal.
11.3.6
The General Meeting may, with the approval of the meeting of holders of shares entitled
to the particular reserve, resolve that distributions will be fully or partly made other than in
cash.
12
SPECIAL RESOLUTIONS AND DISSOLUTION
12.1
Amendment of these articles of association, legal merger, legal division, and
liquidation
The General Meeting may, solely at the proposal of the management board, resolve upon
an amendment of these articles of association, a legal merger or demerger involving the
Company or the dissolution of the Company, subject to articles 2:331 BW and 2:334ff BW
and the requirement of approval of the meeting of holders of shares of a specific class or
indication or consent where this is based on the law.
12.2
Liquidation
12.2.1
If the Company is dissolved pursuant to a resolution of the General Meeting and its
assets must be liquidated, the managing directors will become the liquidators unless the
management board appoints one or more other liquidators prior to or simultaneously with
the adoption of the General Meeting resolution to dissolve the Company.
12.2.2
The General Meeting determines the remuneration of the liquidators.
12.2.3
The liquidation takes place in accordance with statutory provisions, these articles of
association and the Shareholders' Agreement. During the liquidation period these articles
of association and the Shareholders' Agreement, as far as possible, will remain in full
force.
12.2.4
The balance of the Company's assets after all liabilities have been paid will be added to
the reserves referred to in article 11.2.1 in accordance with article 11.2.7. Subsequently,
the balances of the reserves concerned shall be distributed to the holders of the shares
entitled to the relevant reserves, together with the nominal value paid-up on such shares.
12.2.5
After the Company has ceased to exist, its books, records and other data carriers must
remain in the custody of the person designated for that purpose by the liquidators or,
failing liquidators, by the management board, for a period of seven (7) years.

--- Page 127 ---
Page 1 of 6 
 
 
HYDRIL USA DISTRIBUTION LLC 
 
LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT 
 
AMENDED AND RESTATED AS OF 27 OCTOBER 2021 
 
 
 
This Limited Liability Company Agreement ("Agreement") of Hydril USA Distribution 
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ("Company"), is entered into by MHH Holding B.V., a 
closed limited liability company formed in the Netherlands, as the sole member of the Company 
("Member"). 
 
1.   
NAME.  The name of the Company is Hydril USA Distribution LLC. 
 
2.   
PURPOSE AND POWERS.  The Company is formed for the purpose of engaging in any 
lawful act or activity for which a limited liability company may be organized under the Delaware 
Limited Liability Company Act, as amended (the “Act”), and shall have those powers which are 
provided to a limited liability company under the Act related or incidental to such purpose and 
necessary, convenient, or advisable to accomplish such purpose. 
 
 
3.   
HISTORY.  The Company was formed as a limited liability company under and 
pursuant to the provisions of the Act upon filing the Certificate of Formation with the Office of the 
Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on February 28, 2008. 
 
 
Initially, the Company was owned 99% by GE Energy Manufacturing, Inc. and 1% by GE 
Oil & Gas, Inc.  On January 1, 2013, GE Energy Manufacturing, Inc. now known as GE Energy 
Manufacturing, LLC, became the Sole Member (100%).   On June 1, 2021, ownership of the 
Company was transferred to Baker Hughes Energy Services LLC, and then to Baker Hughes 
Holdings LLC.  On October 1, 2021, ownership and membership were acquired by, and 
transferred to, MHH Holding B.V. 
 
 
4. 
COMPANY OFFICES.  The principal business office of the Company shall be sited at 
such location as may hereafter be determined by the Directors.  The Company may have such 
additional offices at such other places within or without the state of its formation as the Directors 
may from time to time determine or as the business of the Company may require.  The registered 
office of the Company in the State of Delaware is at the Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange 
Street, Wilmington, New Castle County, Delaware, or such other address as hereafter may be 
determined by the Directors. 
 
5.   
MEMBER.  The name, mailing address and initial limited liability company interest 
of the Member is as follows:  
 
Name 
Address 
Interest 
MHH Holding B.V.  
Amstelveenseweg 
500, 
1081KL 
Amsterdam, NL
100%

--- Page 128 ---
Page 2 of 6 
 
 
 
6.   
CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS.  The Member has contributed the cash, property, 
services and/or promissory obligations set forth in the books and records of the Company.  The 
Member may make additional capital contributions to the Company as determined by the Member 
in its sole discretion from time to time; provided, that the Member shall have no obligation to 
make any additional capital contributions to the Company. 
 
 
7.   
MEETINGS OF MEMBERS.  A meeting of Members may be called at any time by the 
Directors or any Member entitled to vote at such meeting.  The holders of a majority in interest of 
the Members present in person or represented by proxy shall be requisite and shall constitute a 
quorum at all meetings of members except as otherwise provided by statute or the Certificate of 
Formation.  When a quorum is once present to organize a meeting, such quorum is not deemed 
broken by the subsequent withdrawal of any Members.   
 
 
Every Member entitled to vote at any meeting shall be entitled to vote in accordance with 
its interest in the Company held by it of record on the date fixed as the record date for said 
meeting (or if no record date has been set, as of the meeting date) and may so vote in person or by 
proxy.  Any action of the Members shall be authorized by a majority in interest of the votes cast 
by the Members entitled to vote thereon except as may otherwise be provided by statute, the 
Certificate of Formation, or this Limited Liability Company Agreement.   
 
8. 
ACTIONS REQUIRING MEMBER APPROVAL.  The following actions shall require the 
approval of the Member in addition to the approval of the Directors: 
 
(i)   
the sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of the 
Company’s assets (except in connection with a liquidation of the Company following 
dissolution);   
 
(ii)   
the 
merger, 
consolidation, 
conversion, 
redomestication 
or 
other 
reorganization of the Company with or into any other entity unless the Company shall be 
the surviving entity thereof and the Member shall continue to own 100% of the limited 
liability company interests in the Company following such reorganization; and 
 
(iii) 
such other matters as the Member may from time to time advise the 
Directors in writing require joint approval of the Directors and Member. 
 
Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Members may be taken 
without a meeting if all Members consent thereto in writing, and filed in the minutes of the 
Company. 
 
9.   
LIMITED LIABILITY.  Except as otherwise provided by the Act, the debts, 
obligations, and liabilities of the Company, whether arising in contract, tort, or otherwise, shall be 
solely the debts, obligations, and liabilities of the Company, and the Member shall not be 
obligated personally for any such debt, obligation, or liability of the Company solely by reason of 
being a member of the Company. 
 
10.   
BOARD OF DIRECTORS.  Subject to Section 7, the business and affairs of the 
Company shall be managed and all its powers shall be exercised by or under the direction of a

--- Page 129 ---
Page 3 of 6 
 
 
board of directors (each individually, a “Director” and, collectively, the “Board of Directors”) 
appointed by the Member.  The number of Directors may be fixed from time to time by resolution 
of the Board of Directors.  The Board of Directors shall be the “manager” within the meaning of 
18-402 of the Act (it being understood that no individual Director shall have the power and 
authority to bind the Company).  A majority vote or consent of the total number of Directors on 
the Board of Directors shall be required to authorize or approve any actions of the Board of 
Directors.   
 
A Director must be a natural person of at least eighteen (18) years of age.  Any Director or 
the entire Board of Directors may be removed at any time, with or without cause, by the Member. 
 
11. 
MEETINGS OF DIRECTORS.  Meetings of the Board of Directors for any purpose or 
purposes may be called at any time by any Director.  Notice of the time and place of meetings 
shall be given either personally or by mail or other means of written communication.  Any action 
required or permitted to be taken by the Board of Directors may be taken without a meeting if all 
the Directors authorized to vote shall unanimously consent in writing to such action. 
 
 
12.   
OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY.  The Board of Directors shall elect a President of the 
Company, and may elect other officers who shall perform such duties and have such powers as 
from time to time may be assigned to them by the Board of Directors and/or are set forth in this 
Agreement.  The Officers of the Company shall hold office for such terms as shall be determined 
from time to time by the Board of Directors and shall hold office until their successors are chosen 
and qualified or until their earlier resignation or removal, with or without cause, by the Board of 
Directors.   
 
President 
 
 
The President shall see that all orders and resolutions of the Board of Directors are carried 
into effect.  The President shall have general supervision and direction over the business and policies 
of the Company.  The President shall report to the Board of Directors all matters within his or her 
knowledge which the interests of the Company may require to be brought to their notice.  The 
President shall be in charge of the supervision, direction and development of all business, and shall 
perform such other duties as may from time to time be assigned by the Board of Directors.  The 
President shall have the general powers of supervision, direction and management usually vested in 
the office of a president or chief executive officer of a Delaware corporation. 
 
 
Vice President 
 
 
The Vice President or Vice Presidents, if more than one, shall have the usual powers and 
duties vested in a vice president of a Delaware corporation, together with such other powers and 
duties as may be assigned to such Officer by the Board of Directors or the President. 
 
 
Secretary 
 
 
The Secretary, if available, shall attend all meetings of the Board of Directors, act as clerk 
thereof and record all votes and the minutes of all proceedings in a book to be kept for that purpose.  
The Secretary shall keep in safe custody the seal of the Company, and shall affix the seal to any

--- Page 130 ---
Page 4 of 6 
 
 
instrument requiring the same.  The Secretary shall see that proper notice is given of all meetings of 
the Member of the Company and of the Board of Directors, and shall perform such other duties as 
may be prescribed to such Officer from time to time by the Board of Directors or the President.  In 
the Secretary’s absence, or in case of failure or inability to act, an Assistant Secretary shall perform 
the duties described herein and such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors. 
 
 
Treasurer 
 
 
The Treasurer shall keep full and accurate accounts of receipts and disbursements in books 
belonging to the Company, and shall deposit all money and other valuable effects in the name and to 
the credit of the Company in such depositories as may be designated by the Board of Directors.  The 
Treasurer shall disburse the funds of the Company as may be ordered by the Board of Directors or by 
the President, taking proper vouchers for such disbursements, and shall render to the President and 
Directors at any meeting of the Board, or whenever they may require it, an account of all transactions 
as Treasurer.  The Treasurer shall perform such other duties as the Board of Directors may from time 
to time prescribe to or require from such Officer.  In case of absence or inability to act, an Assistant 
Treasurer perform the duties described herein and such other duties as may be prescribed by the 
Board of Directors. 
 
Assistant Secretary 
 
 
Each Assistant Secretary shall have the usual powers and duties vested in an assistant 
secretary of a Delaware corporation, together with such other powers and duties as may be assigned 
to such Officer by the Board of Directors, the President, or the Secretary.  Any Assistant Secretary 
may exercise the powers of the Secretary. 
 
 
Assistant Treasurer 
 
 
Each Assistant Treasurer shall have the usual powers and duties vested in an assistant 
treasurer of a Delaware corporation, together with such other powers and duties as may be assigned to 
such Officer by the Board of Directors, the President, or the Treasurer.  The Assistant Treasurer or 
such other person designated by the Board of Directors shall exercise the power of the Treasurer. 
 
 
Controller 
 
 
The Controller, if one is appointed, shall be responsible to the Board of Directors and the 
President for all financial control and internal audit of the Company and its subsidiaries.  The 
Controller shall perform such other duties as may be assigned to such Officer by the Board of 
Directors or the President and shall be responsible to a designated a Vice President only for the 
routine administrative matters pertaining to the duties of this office. 
 
13. 
EXCULPATION AND INDEMNIFICATION.   
 
(a) To the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the State of Delaware and except 
in the case of bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct, no Member, Director or 
Officer shall be liable to the Company or any other Member for any loss, damage or claim 
incurred by reason of any act or omission performed or omitted by such Member, Director

--- Page 131 ---
Page 5 of 6 
 
 
or Officer in good faith on behalf of the Company and in a manner reasonably believed to 
be within the scope of the authority conferred on such Member, Director or Officer by this 
Agreement. 
 
(b) Except in the case of bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct, each 
person (and the heirs, executors or administrators of such person) who was or is a party or 
is threatened to be made a party to, or is involved in any threatened, pending or completed 
action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, by 
reason of the fact that such person is or was a Member, Director or Officer, shall be 
indemnified and held harmless by the Company to the fullest extent permitted by the laws 
of the State of Delaware for managers and officers of limited liability companies organized 
under the laws of the State of Delaware. Any indemnity under this Section 12 shall be 
provided out of and to the extent of Company assets only, and no Member shall have 
personal liability on account thereof. 
 
14. 
ASSIGNMENTS; ADDITIONAL MEMBERS.  The Member may sell, assign, pledge or 
otherwise transfer or encumber (collectively, “transfer”) all or any part of its limited liability 
company interest in the Company to any person or entity.  Upon any transfer of its entire limited 
liability company interest in the Company, the transferee shall be admitted as a substituted 
member and shall be thereinafter referred to herein as the Member.  In the event the Member 
transfers less than its entire limited liability company interest in the Company to any person or 
entity, the admission of such transferee as a member of the Company shall be conditioned on, and 
subject to, an amendment to this Agreement to contemplate multiple members of the Company.  
Except to the extent set forth in the second sentence of this Agreement, no additional member of 
the Company shall be admitted unless and until this Agreement has been amended to contemplate 
multiple members of the Company.  The limited liability company interests in the Company shall 
not be certificated. 
 
15.   
DISTRIBUTIONS.  Distributions of cash or other assets of the Company shall be 
made to the Member at such times and in such amounts as the Directors may determine from time 
to time. 
 
16. 
DISSOLUTION.  The term of the Company shall be perpetual; provided that it shall 
dissolve upon the occurrence of any of the events described in the following paragraph. 
 
The Company shall dissolve, and its affairs shall be wound up upon the first to occur of the 
following: (i) the determination by the Member to dissolve the Company, (ii) the retirement, 
resignation or dissolution of the Member or the occurrence of any other event which terminates 
the continued membership of the Member in the Company unless the business of the Company is 
continued in a manner permitted by the Act, or (iii) the entry of a decree of judicial dissolution 
under §18-802 of the Act. 
 
The bankruptcy or other event described in §18-304 of the Act with respect to the Member 
will not cause the Member to cease to be a member of the Company and upon the occurrence of 
such an event, the business of the Company shall continue without dissolution. 
 
17.   
FISCAL YEAR.  The fiscal year of the Company shall be fixed by the Directors by

--- Page 132 ---
Page 6 of 6 
 
 
resolution duly adopted, and, from time to time, may be altered by resolution duly adopted by the 
Directors.  The initial fiscal year shall be the calendar year. 
 
18.   
ENTIRE AGREEMENT.  This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the 
Member with respect to the subject matter hereof.  Each provision of this Agreement shall be 
considered separable and if for any reason any provision or provisions herein are determined to be 
invalid, unenforceable, or illegal under any existing or future law, such invalidity, 
unenforceability, or illegality shall not impair the operation of or affect those portions of this 
Agreement which are valid, enforceable, and legal.  This Agreement shall be governed by, and 
construed under, the laws of the State of Delaware (without regard to conflict of laws principles), 
all rights and remedies being governed by said laws. 
 
19.   
MISCELLANEOUS.  Where the context so indicates, the masculine shall include the 
feminine, the neuter shall include the masculine and feminine, the singular shall include the plural 
and any reference to a “person” shall mean a natural person or a corporation, limited liability 
company, partnership, or other legal entity.  Except as otherwise provided to the contrary, this 
Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Member and each of its 
distributees, heirs, legal representatives, executors, administrators, successors, and assigns.  The 
headings in this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and are in no way intended to 
describe, interpret, define, or limit the scope, extent, or intent of this Agreement or any provision 
hereof.  Unless the context requires otherwise, all references in this Agreement to Section shall be 
deemed to mean and refer to Sections of this Agreement.  This Agreement may not be modified, 
altered, supplemented, or amended except pursuant to a written agreement executed by the 
Member. 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned, intending to be legally bound hereby, has duly 
executed this Agreement as of October 27, 2021. 
 
 
 
 
 
MHH HOLDING B.V.     
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:   
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
Name: 
 
 
 
 
Director  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:   
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
Name: 
 
 
 
 
Director

--- Page 142 ---
VEDTEKTER  
FOR  
MHWIRTH AS 
(org.nr. 942 524 544) 
(sist endret i ekstraordinær generalforsamling 15. Oktober 2021) 
§ 1 
Selskapets navn er MHWirth AS. 
§ 2 
Selskapets forretningskontor er i Kristiansand kommune. 
§ 3 
Selskapets formål er å drive industri og handel samt utvikle, erverve og utnytte patenter, 
oppfinnelser og teknisk viten. Virksomheten kan også delta i, eller samarbeide med andre 
private og offentlige foretak. 
§ 4 
Selskapets aksjekapital er NOK 100 200 004 fordelt på 100 200 004 aksjer hver pålydende NOK 1, fullt 
innbetalt og lydende på navn. 
§ 5 
Selskapets styre skal bestå av tre til ni medlemmer etter generalforsamlingens nærmere beslutning. 
Selskapets firma tegnes av to styremedlemmer i fellesskap. 
§ 6 
Den ordinære generalforsamlingen skal behandle: 
1.  
Fastsettelse av resultatregnskap og balanse. 
2.  
Anvendelse av overskuddet eller dekning av underskudd i henhold til den fastsatte 
balanse samt utdeling av utbytte. 
3.  
Valg av styre. 
4.  
Andre saker som i henhold til lov hører under generalforsamlingen. 
§ 7 
Erverv av selskapets aksjer er ikke betinget av samtykke fra selskapets styre. Aksjeeierne har ikke 
forkjøpsrett iht. aksjeloven. 
§ 8 
For øvrig henvises til den til enhver tid gjeldende aksjelovgivning.

--- Page 143 ---
(Unofficial translation. The official language of these minutes is Norwegian. In the event of any 
discrepancies between the Norwegian and English text, the Norwegian text shall precede.) 
ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION  
FOR MHWIRTH AS 
(Org.nr. 942 524 544) 
(Updated by extraordinary general meeting 15 October 2021) 
§ 1 
The name of the company is MHWirth AS. 
§ 2 
The company’s business address is in the city of Kristiansand, Norway. 
§ 3 
The purpose of the company is industrial activities and trade, as well as obtaining and application of 
patents, inventions and technical know-how. The company may also participate or cooperate with 
other private or public sector businesses. 
§ 4 
The company's share capital is NOK 100,200,004 divided on 100,200,004 shares each with a nominal 
value of NOK 1, fully paid and registered by name.  
§ 5 
The company’s Board of Directors shall consist of three to nine members as decided by the General 
Meeting of Shareholders. Two board members shall jointly have the right to sign on behalf of the 
company. 
§ 6 
The Annual General Meeting shall: 
1. Approval of profit and loss account and balance sheet. 
2. Application of profit or cover deficit, and distribution of dividends in accordance with the balance 
sheet. 
3. Appointment of directors. 
4. Consider other matters which by law are to be handled by the General Meeting.

--- Page 144 ---
§ 7 
The transfer of the company’s shares is not conditional upon or subject to approval from the 
company or the Board of Directors. The shareholders have no pre-emptive rights pursuant to the 
Norwegian Private Limited Liability Companies Act. 
§ 8 
Otherwise, reference is made to the provisions of the Norwegian Private Limited Liability Companies 
Act, as amended from time to time.

--- Page 145 ---
HMH DRILLING ASIA PTE. LTD.

--- Page 146 ---
THE COMPANIES ACT, CHAPTER 50 OF
SINGAPORE
The Companies Regulations
Sections 17(7), 26(2), 30(4), 31(1) and (2),
33(9), 34, 186 (1), 227B (1) and 290(2)/
Regulations 24 and 66
NOTICE OF RESOLUTION
Name of Company:
BAKER HUGHES DRILLING ASIA PTE. LTD.
Company No:
200720201Z
Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority
Singapore
At a general meeting of the sole Member of the abovenamed Company duly convened and held at 2
Benoi Road, Singapore 629876 on ____________________________, the special resolution set out
below was duly passed:
CHANGE OF COMPANY NAME
RESOLVED:
That subject to the approval of the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority, the name of the
Company be changed to HMH DRILLING ASIA PTE. LTD. and that the name HMH DRILLING ASIA
PTE. LTD. be substituted for BAKER HUGHES DRILLING ASIA PTE. LTD. wherever the latter
name appears in the Constitution of the Company.
Name of Director:
MIRJI DHANANJAY PANDURANG
Name of Person who signed minutes:
Name
of
Authorised
Representative
who
signed the resolution (if any):
1 January 2022
-
KOH WEE LIP, JACKSON

--- Page 147 ---
THE COMPANIES ACT, CHAPTER 50 OF
SINGAPORE
The Companies Regulations
Sections 17(7), 26(2), 30(4), 31(1) and (2),
33(9), 34, 186 (1), 227B (1) and 290(2)/
Regulations 24 and 66
NOTICE OF RESOLUTION
Name of Company:
HMH DRILLING ASIA PTE. LTD. (formerly known as BAKER HUGHES
DRILLING ASIA PTE. LTD.)
Company No:
200720201Z
Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority
Singapore
At a general meeting of the sole member of the abovenamed Company duly convened and held at 25
Benoi Lane, Singapore 627800, on 29 October 2021 the special resolution set out below was duly
passed:
AMENDMENTS TO
THE
ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION OF THE COMPANY – SPECIAL
RESOLUTION
That the Articles of Association of the Company be and is hereby amended in the manner set out in
Annex B hereto.
Name of Director:
MIRJI DHANANJAY PANDURANG
Name of Person who signed minutes:
-
Name
of
Authorised
Representative
who
signed the resolution (if any):
KOH WEE LIP, JACKSON

--- Page 148 ---
ANNEX B 
Amendments to the Articles of Association  
AMENDMENTS TO THE ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION OF BAKER HUGHES DRILLING ASIA PTE. 
LTD.  
1. the following be inserted as a new meaning in the Articles: 
 
“Entity” means any bank, institution, trust, fund or other entity (or any nominee, agent or trustee of 
or on behalf of such bank, institution, trust, fund or other entity). 
 
2. the following be inserted as Article 9A of the Articles, immediately after the existing Article 9: 
 
“9A Notwithstanding anything contained in the Memorandum or these Articles, the rights, privileges 
or conditions for the time being attached or belonging to any class of shares for the time being 
forming part of the share capital of the Company which are charged by way of security, from time 
to time, to any Entity, shall not be modified, affected, varied, extended or surrendered in any way 
or manner without the prior written consent of such Entity.”;  
 
 
3. the following be inserted as Articles 23A of the Articles of Association, immediately after the 
existing Article 23: 
 
“23A 
Notwithstanding anything contained in these Articles, the Directors shall not decline to 
lodge a notice of transfer of shares with the registrar, nor may they apply to suspend registration 
thereof, nor shall they decline to accept any instrument of transfer, where such transfer is requested 
by any Entity to whom shares are charged by way of security, and where such instrument of transfer 
is executed by any Entity to whom such shares are charged by way of security pursuant to the 
power of sale under such security, and a certificate by any officer of such Entity that the shares 
were so charged and the transfer was so executed shall be conclusive evidence of such facts.; 
 
4. the following be inserted as Articles 24A of the Articles of Association, immediately after the 
existing Article 24: 
 
“24A 
For the purpose of Article 24, any Entity, which has requested a transfer of shares 
which are charged by way of security to it, pursuant to the powers and rights afforded to it under 
such security, shall not be required to pay any fee and shall not be required to provide any evidence 
to prove its title to such shares or to prove the right of the transferor to make the transfer of such 
shares other than the certificate of the shares to be transferred and the duly executed share transfer 
forms in relation to such shares.”; 
 
   
 
5. the following be inserted as Article 40A of the Articles, immediately after the existing Article 40: 
 
“40A 
Notwithstanding anything contained in these Articles, no forfeiture pursuant to these 
Articles shall be effected and no sale pursuant to Article 40 shall be made of any shares which are 
charged by way of security, from time to time, to any Entity.”; 
 
6. the following be inserted as Article 42A of the Articles, immediately after the existing Article 42: 
“42A 
Notwithstanding anything contained in these Articles or in the Memorandum, any Entity 
to whom any shares are charged by way of security shall have a first fixed charge over such shares, 
ranking in priority over the lien expressed to be created under any Article in these Articles, whether 
the period for the payment, fulfilment or discharge shall have actually arrived or not, and such first

--- Page 149 ---
fixed charge shall extend to all dividends from time to time declared in respect of such shares.”; 
and 
 
7. the following sentence be added at the end of Article 43: 
 
“However, no sale pursuant to this Article 43 shall be made of any shares which are charged by 
way of security to any Entity.”.

--- Page 152 ---
HMH DRILLING ASIA PTE. LTD.
HMH DRILLING ASIA PTE. LTD.
Amended by Special Resolution
passed on 1 Jan 2022

--- Page 154 ---
HMH DRILLING ASIA PTE. LTD.
Amended by
Special Resolution
passed on 29
October 2021

--- Page 156 ---
Article 9A:
Amended by
Special Resolution
passed on 29
October 2021

--- Page 158 ---
Article 23A:
Amended by
Special Resolution
passed on 29
October 2021

--- Page 159 ---
Article 24A:
Amended by
Special Resolution
passed on 29
October 2021

--- Page 161 ---
Article 40A:
Amended by
Special Resolution
passed on 29
October 2021
Articles 42A and 43:
Amended by
Special Resolution
passed on 29
October 2021

--- Page 182 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
73
Annex 2 Financial Information 
 
• 
The Company’s audited special purpose consolidated financial statements as at December 31st 2021 for 
the period 28th April 2021 to December 31st 2021 
• 
Each Guarantor’s audited financial statements as at, and for the period year ended December 31st 
2020* 
• 
Each Guarantor’s audited financial statements as at, and for the year ended December 31st 2021 
• 
The unaudited Interim condensed financial information as of June 30 2022 for HMH Holding B.V. (this 
interim financial information is not prepared in accordance with IAS34). 
 
*Hydril USA Distribution LLC was first audited as a stand-alone entity in 2021, therefore no 2020 financial statements is available for the 
entity.

--- Page 183 ---
HMH
Consolidated Financial Statements 2021
HMH Holding B.V. including subsidiaries
1

--- Page 184 ---
Table of Contents
Consolidated income statement  
3
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
3
Consolidated statement of financial position 
4
Consolidated statement of cash flows
5
Consolidated statement of changes in equity
6
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Section 1 - Background
7
Section 5 - Tax
35
1.1 General information
7
5.1 Income tax
35
1.2 Significant accounting policies
8
1.3 Significant accounting estimates and judgements
14
Section 2 - Operating performance
16
Section 6 - Group structure
36
2.1 Revenue from contracts with customers
16
6.1 Business combinations
36
2.2 Segments
18
6.2 Group Companies
37
2.3 Inventories
19
6.3 Equity-accounted investees
38
2.4 Employee benefits expenses
20
2.5 Other operating expenses
23
2.6 Trade receivables and other current assets
23
2.7 Trade payables and other current liabilities
23
Section 3 - Asset base
24
Section 7 - Other disclosures
39
3.1 Property, plant and equipment
24
7.1 Other non-current liabilities
39
3.2 Right-of-use assets and related lease liabilities
25
7.2 Provisions
39
3.3 Intangible assets and goodwill
26
7.3 Related party transactions
40
3.4 Impairment testing of goodwill
27
7.4 Management remuneration
41
7.5 Subsequent events
41
28
Section 8 - Auditor report
4.1 Financial risk management and exposures
28
4.2 Financial instruments
30
4.3 Cash and cash equivalents
30
4.4 Finance income and finance expenses
31
4.5 Derivative financial instruments
31
4.6 Capital management
32
4.7 Capital and reserves
33
4.8 Borrowings
34
Section 4 - Financial instruments, risk and capital 
management
2

--- Page 185 ---
Consolidated income statement  
Amounts in USD thousands
Notes
 28.04.2021-
31.12.2021 
Revenue and other income
2.1
                   169 736 
Materials, goods and services
                      67 361 
Salaries, wages and social security costs
2.4
                      46 303 
Other operating expenses
2.5
                      22 883 
Operating expenses
                   136 547 
Operating profit before depreciation, amortization and impairment 
                      33 189 
Depreciation and amortization
3.1-3.3
                      12 662 
Impairment
3.4
                        1 587 
Operating profit / loss(-)
                      18 941 
Finance income
4.4
                        4 111 
Finance expenses
4.4
                      18 602 
Profit / loss(-) from equity-accounted investees 
6.3
                             63 
Net finance expenses
                    -14 428 
Profit / loss(-) before tax 
                        4 512 
Income tax expense (income)
5.1
                        4 428 
Profit / loss(-) for the period
                             84 
Profit attributable to:
Equity holders of the parent
                             84 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
 
Amounts in USD thousands
Notes
31.12.2021
Profit (loss) for the period 
                             84 
Other comprehensive income
Cash flow hedges, gross amount
                        1 329 
Cash flow hedges, tax effect
                         -266 
Total change in hedging reserve, net of tax
4.5
                        1 063 
Total change in fair value reserve, net of tax 
                              - 
Currency translation differences - foreign operations
                      -1 693 
Currency translation differences, reclassification to income statement upon disposal
                              - 
Deferred tax of currency translation differences – foreign operations
                              - 
Share of OCI from equity-accounted investees 
                              - 
Total change in currency translation reserve, net of tax 
Total items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss, net of tax 
                         -630 
Remeasurement gain (loss) net defined benefit liability
2.4
                      -1 018 
Deferred tax of remeasurement gain (loss) net defined benefit liability 
2.4, 4.7
                           281 
Total items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss, net of tax
                         -737 
Total other comprehensive income / loss(-) for the period, net of tax
                      -1 367 
Total comprehensive income / loss(-)
                      -1 282 
Total comprehensive income / loss(-) attributable to:
Equity holders of the parent
                      -1 282 
Non-controlling interests
                              - 
3

--- Page 186 ---
Consolidated statement of financial position 
USD thousands
Notes
31.12.2021
ASSETS
Non-current assets
Deferred tax assets
5.1
                 38 750 
Property, plant and equipment
3.1
               228 233 
Other Intangible assets
3.3
               173 338 
Right-of-use assets
3.2
                 41 588 
Goodwill
3.3
               281 035 
Equity-accounted investees
6.3
                      186 
Other investments
                        39 
Other non-current assets
                      346 
Total non-current assets
               763 514 
Current assets
Inventories
2.3
               156 932 
Trade receivables and other current assets
2.6
               240 789 
Derivative financial instruments
4.2
                   7 104 
Current financial assets
4.2
                 44 295 
Cash and cash equivalents
4.3
                 91 725 
Total current assets
               540 845 
TOTAL ASSETS
            1 304 359 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Equity
Share capital
4.7
                          0 
Share premium
4.7
               600 000 
Other equity
4.7
                  -1 367 
Retained earnings 
                        84 
Total equity
               598 718 
Non-current liabilities
Non-current borrowings
4.8
               169 742 
Non-current lease liabilities
3.2
                 33 041 
Employee benefit obligations
2.4
                 26 627 
Deferred tax liabilities
5.1
                 25 863 
Non-current provisions
7.2
                   5 288 
Other non-current liabilities
7.1
                   2 896 
Total non-current liabilities
               263 457 
Current liabilities
Current borrowings
4.8
               149 874 
Current lease liabilities
3.2
                 10 207 
Current tax liabilities
5.1
                   5 988 
Current provisions
7.2
                 14 206 
Trade payables and other current liabilities
2.7
               255 914 
Derivative financial instruments
4.2
                   5 996 
Total current liabilities
               442 184 
Total liabilities
               705 641 
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
            1 304 359 
Amsterdam, September 01, 2022
_______________________
Merrill Anthony Miller
(chairman of the board)
_______________________
Karl Erik Kjelstad
(board member)
_______________________
Neil Saunders
(board member)
_______________________
Kristian Monsen Rokke
(board member)
_______________________
Larry Brian Worrell
(board member)
4

--- Page 187 ---
Consolidated statement of cash flows
Amounts in USD thousands
Notes
 28.04.2021-31.12.2021 
Cash flow from operating activities
Profit (loss) before tax 
                             4 512 
Adjustments for:
Net finance income and expenses
                           14 492 
Depreciation, amortization and impairment
                           14 248 
(Gain) loss on disposal of assets
2.1
                                 -21 
(Profit) loss from equity-accounted investees
6.3
                                 -63 
                           33 168 
Changes in working capital:
Decrease/(increase) in trade receivables and other current assets
                         -80 902 
Increase/(decrease) in inventories
                             7 571 
Increase/(decrease) in trade payables and other liabilities
                           46 920 
Other changes
                           19 469 
                            -6 941 
Interest paid
4.4
                               -185 
Interest paid for leases
4.4
                               -601 
Interest received
4.4
                                393 
Income taxes paid
5.1
                                   -
Net cash from operating activities
                           25 834 
Cash flow from investing activities
Purchase of property, plant and equipment
3.1
                            -1 550 
Payments for capitalized development expenses
3.3
                               -306 
Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment
3.1,2.1
                                  21 
Acquisition of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired
6.1
                       -146 977 
Net cash flow from investing activities
                       -148 811 
Cash flow from financing activities
Proceeds from borrowing
4.8
                         220 000 
Payment of borrowing cost
4.8
                            -2 385 
Payment of lease liabilities
3.2
                            -1 743 
Net cash flow from financing activities
                         215 872 
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and bank deposits
                            -1 169 
Net increase (decrease) in cash and bank deposits
                           91 725 
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period
                                   -
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period
                           91 725 
5

--- Page 188 ---
Consolidated statement of changes in equity
Amounts in USD thousands
Note
Hedging 
reserve
Pension 
remeasurement 
reserve
Currency 
translation 
reserve
2021
Equity as of April 28, 20211)
                        0 
                          0 
Profit (loss) for the period
                     84                         84 
Other comprehensive income
             1 063                       -737                 -1 693 
                 -1 367 
Total comprehensive income
                      -                        -                1 063                       -737                 -1 693                      84                  -1 282 
                        - 
Increase in share capital and premium 
October 1, 2021
4.7
                        0            600 000 
              600 000 
Equity as of December 31, 2021
                        0            600 000              1 063                       -737                 -1 693                      84               598 718 
Total equity
Other equity
Retained 
earnings
Share capital
Share 
premium
1) Share capital is 0.001 thousand USD at April 28, 2021, and 0.002 thousand USD at 31.12.2021
6

--- Page 189 ---
Section 1 - Background 
 
1.1 General information 
 
 
Corporate information 
 
HMH Holding B.V. is a limited liability company that was incorporated and domiciled in the Netherlands on the April 28, 2021. The registered office is located at 
Amstelveenseweg 500, 1081KL Amsterdam, Netherlands.  
 
The HMH group was established with effect from October 1, 2021, through the parent company’s acquisition of all shares in MHWirth AS from Akastor ASA and 
the Subsea Drilling System business from Baker Hughes. These transactions have been accounted for as a business combination under IFRS 3, hence profit 
and loss items in the former MHWirth AS and Subsea Drilling System business have been incorporated in these financial statements from October 1, 2021. For 
more information on the purchase price allocation and related accounting, see note 1.2 significant accounting policies (formation of the group) and note 6.1. 
business combination. After these transactions, the shareholders are Baker Hughes Holdings LLC (50%), Akastor AS (25%), and Mercury HoldCo Inc (25%). 
Akastor ASA fully owns Akastor AS and Mercury HoldCo Inc. 
 
HMH is a leading global provider of full-service offshore and onshore drilling equipment offering that provides our customers with a broad portfolio of products 
and services that are designed to be safer and more efficient. Company vision is centered on an unparalleled commitment to quality and yielding economic 
advantages for customers and stakeholders. HMH has a global span covering five continents with offices in 16 countries. 
 
Basis for preparation 
Basis of accounting 
These special purpose consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the 
European Union (IFRS), their interpretations adopted by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB). 
 
In connection with the application for listing of HMH Holding B.V.’s bond on Oslo Børs, special purpose consolidated financial statements for the HMH Holding 
B.V. group are prepared as at and for the year ended 31 December 2021. As the group was established in 2021, the consolidated financial statements do not 
include comparative financial information. The special purpose consolidated financial statements were approved by the HMH Holding B.V. Board of Directors on 
September 01, 2022. 
Going concern basis of accounting 
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which assumes that the group will be able to meet the mandatory terms 
and conditions of the banking facilities and all other commitments as disclosed in note 4.6 Capital management. 
Basis of measurement 
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for the following material items, which are measured on an alternative 
basis on each reporting date: 
 
Derivative financial instruments are measured at fair value. 
 
Non-derivative financial instruments at Fair Value through Profit or Loss (FVTPL) are measured at fair value. 
 
Net defined benefit (asset) liability is recognized at fair value of plan assets less the present value of the defined benefit obligation. 
Functional and presentation currency 
The consolidated financial statements are presented in USD, which is HMH Holding B.V.'s functional currency. All financial information presented in USD has 
been rounded to the nearest thousand (USD thousand), except when otherwise stated. The subtotals and totals in some of the tables in these consolidated 
financial statements may not equal the sum of the amounts shown due to rounding. 
Use of estimates and judgements 
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with IFRS requires management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application 
of policies and reported amounts of assets and liabilities, income and expenses. Although management believes these assumptions to be reasonable, given historical 
experience, actual amounts and results could differ from these estimates. The items involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, and items where 
assumptions and estimates are material to the consolidated financial statements, are disclosed in note 1.3 Significant accounting estimates and judgements. 
 
The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognized in the period in which the 
estimate is revised and in any future periods affected. 
Standards issued but not yet effective 
 
The group has not early adopted any new or amended standards and interpretations which are effective for annual periods beginning after January 1, 2022 
and they are not expected to have a significant impact on the group’s consolidated financial statements. 
7

--- Page 190 ---
1.2 Significant accounting policies 
Summary of significant accounting policies 
The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are set out below. These policies have been consistently applied 
to the period presented, unless otherwise stated. 
Basis of consolidation 
Subsidiaries 
Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the group. The group controls an entity when it is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the 
entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. The financial statements of subsidiaries are included in the consolidated financial 
statements from the date on which control commences until the date of which control ceases. 
Formation of the Group 
Upon establishment of the HMH group, Akastor and Baker Hughes contributed the MHWirth AS and Subsea Drilling Systems (SDS) business respectively in 
exchange for shares in HMH Holding B.V. and cash consideration.  
The formation of HMH Holding B.V. is considered to be a business combination on formation of a joint venture, outside the scope of IFRS 3 and IFRS 2 scopes 
out any contribution that constitutes a business. Based on the guidance in IAS 8 and as a policy choice, the Group has accounted for the contribution of the 
MHWirth and SDS businesses to HMH Holding B.V. under the acquisition method as set out in IFRS 3 as the transaction has substance for the combining parties. 
The acquisition method, whereby assets and liabilities of the combining businesses are reflected at fair value upon contribution (acquisition date), is considered 
to provide the most relevant information for the users of the financial statements and adopted as accounting policy that will be applied consistently. 
Business combinations 
Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method as of the acquisition date, which is the date when control is transferred to the group. The 
consideration transferred in the acquisition is generally measured at fair value, as are the identifiable net assets acquired. Any goodwill that arises is tested 
annually for impairment. 
Transaction costs, other than those associated with the issue of debt or equity securities incurred in connection with a business combination are expensed as 
incurred. 
Loss of control 
On the loss of control, the group derecognizes the assets and liabilities of the subsidiary, any non-controlling interests and the other components of equity. Any 
resulting gain or loss is recognized in the income statement. Any interest retained in the former subsidiary is measured at fair value when control is lost. 
Subsequently it is accounted for as an equity-accounted investee or as an available-for-sale financial asset depending on the level of influence retained. 
Investments in joint ventures and associates 
The group’s interests in equity-accounted investees comprise interests in joint ventures and associates. 
 
A joint venture is an arrangement in which the group has joint control, whereby the group has rights to the net assets of the arrangement, rather to its assets and 
obligations for its liabilities. Joint control is established by contractual agreement requiring unanimous consent of the ventures for strategic, financial and operating 
decisions. An associate is an entity in which the group has significant influence, but not control or joint control, over the financial and operating policies.  
 
Interests in joint ventures and associates are accounted for using the equity method. They are initially recognized at cost, which includes transaction costs. 
Subsequent to initial recognition, the consolidated financial statements include the group’s share of the profit and loss and other comprehensive income of the 
equity-accounted investees. The group’s investment includes goodwill identified on acquisition, net of any accumulated impairment losses. When the group’s 
share of losses exceeds its interest in an equity-accounted investee, the carrying amount of that interest, including any long-term investments, is reduced to zero, 
and further losses are not recognized except to the extent that the group incurs legal or constructive obligations or has made payments on behalf of the investee. 
The purpose of the investment determines the presentation of the group’s share of profit and loss of the equity-accounted investee in the income statement. When 
the entity is established to share risk in executing a project or is closely related to HMH’s operating activities, the share of profit or loss is reported as part of Other 
income in Operating Profit. Share of the profit or loss of a financial investment is reported as part of Net finance expenses. 
Transactions eliminated on consolidation 
Intra-group balances and transactions, and any unrealized gains and losses or income and expenses arising from intra-group transactions, are eliminated in 
preparing the consolidated financial statements. Unrealized gains arising from transactions with associates and joint ventures are eliminated to the extent of the 
group’s interest in the entity. Unrealized losses are eliminated in the same way as unrealized gains, but only to the extent that there is no evidence of impairment. 
 
 
 
8

--- Page 191 ---
Foreign currency 
Foreign currency transactions and balances 
Transactions in foreign currencies are translated at the exchange rate at the date of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign 
currencies at the reporting date are translated to the functional currency at the exchange rate on that date. Foreign exchange differences arising on translation 
are recognized in the income statement. Non-monetary assets and liabilities measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using 
the exchange rate on the date of the transaction. Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are measured at fair value are 
translated to the functional currency at the exchange rates on the date the fair value is determined. 
Investments in foreign operations 
Items included in the financial statements of each of the group’s entities are measured using the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity 
operates. The results and financial positions of all the group entities that have a functional currency different from the group’s presentation currency are translated 
into the presentation currency as follows: 
 
Assets and liabilities, including goodwill and fair value adjustments, are translated at the closing exchange rate at the reporting date. 
 
Income statements are translated at average exchange rate for the period, calculated on the basis of 12 monthly end rates. 
Current / non-current classification 
An asset is classified as current when it is expected to be realized or is intended for sale or consumption in the group’s normal operating cycle, it is held primarily 
for the purpose of being traded, or it is expected/due to be realized or settled within twelve months after the reporting date. Other assets are classified as non-
current.  
 
A liability is classified as current when it is expected to be settled in the group’s normal operating cycle, is held primarily for the purpose of being traded, the 
liability is due to be settled within twelve months after the reporting period, or if the group does not have an unconditional right to defer settlement of the liability 
for at least twelve months after the reporting period. All other liabilities are classified as non-current. 
 
 
Financial assets, financial liabilities, and equity 
On initial recognition, a financial asset is classified as measured at amortized costs or fair value through profit and loss (FVTPL). The classification depends 
on the group’s business model for managing the financial assets and the contractual terms of the cash flows.  
 
A financial asset is measured at amortized costs if the business model is to hold the asset to collect contractual cash flows, and the contractual cash 
flows are solely payments of principal and interests (SPPI criterion).  
 
All financial assets not classified as measured at amortized cost are measured at FVTPL. 
 
Financial assets are not reclassified subsequent to their initial recognition unless the group changes its business model for managing financial assets. 
Other investments 
Other investments include equity and debt investments in companies where the group has neither control nor significant influence, usually represented by less than 20 
percent of the voting power. The investments are categorized as financial assets measured at FVTPL and recognized at fair value at the reporting date. Subsequent 
to initial recognition, changes in financial assets measured at FVTPL are recognized in profit and loss.  
Trade receivables and other current assets 
Trade receivables and other current assets are classified as financial assets measured at amortized costs. They are recognized at the original invoiced amount, 
less loss allowance made for credit losses. The interest rate element is disregarded if insignificant, which is the case for the majority of the group’s trade 
receivables. 
Interest-bearing receivables 
Interest-bearing receivables include loans to related parties and are generally classified as financial assets measured at amortized costs. Such financial assets 
are recognized initially at fair value and subsequent measurement at amortized cost using the effective interest method, less any impairment losses. 
Cash and cash equivalents 
Cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand, demand deposits held at banks and other short-term highly liquid investments with original maturity of three 
months or less. 
Trade payables and other current liabilities 
Trade payables are recognized at the original invoiced amount. Other current liabilities are recognized initially at fair value. Trade payables and other current 
liabilities are valued at amortized cost using the effective interest rate method. The interest rate element is disregarded if it is insignificant, which is the case for 
the majority of the group’s trade payables. 
 
 
9

--- Page 192 ---
Interest-bearing borrowings 
Interest-bearing borrowings are recognized initially at fair value less attributable transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, interest-bearing borrowings 
are measured at amortized cost with any difference between cost and redemption value being recognized in the income statement over the period of the 
borrowings on an effective interest basis. 
Share capital 
Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Repurchase of share capital is recognized as a reduction in equity and is classified as treasury shares. 
Derivative financial instruments 
The group uses derivative financial instruments such as currency forward contracts to hedge its exposure to foreign exchange risks arising from operational, financial 
and investment activities. These derivative financial instruments are accounted for as cash flow hedges since highly probable future cash flows are hedged (rather 
than committed revenues and expenses). Derivative financial instruments are recognized initially at fair value. Derivatives are subsequently measured at fair value, 
and changes in fair value are accounted for as described below. 
Cash flow hedge 
Hedging of the exposure to variability in cash flows that is attributable to a particular risk or a highly probable future cash flow is defined as a cash flow hedge. 
The effective portion of changes in the fair value is recognized in other comprehensive income as a hedge reserve. Any gain or loss relating to the ineffective 
portion of derivative hedging instruments is recognized immediately in the income statement as finance income or expense.  
Hedge accounting is discontinued when the hedge no longer qualifies for hedge accounting. Disqualification occurs when the hedging instrument expires, is sold, terminated 
or exercised, or when a forecast transaction is no longer expected, or the hedge is no longer effective. When a hedge is disqualified, the cumulative gain or loss that was 
recognized in the hedge reserve is recognized immediately in the income statement unless it relates to a future cash flow that is likely to occur, but don’t qualify for hedge 
accounting, in which the accumulated hedge reserve remains in other comprehensive income until the hedged cash flow is recognized in income statement. For cash flow 
hedges associated with forecast transactions that subsequently result in recognition of a non-financial asset, the amounts accumulated in the cash flow hedge 
reserve and the cost of hedging reserve are included directly in the initial cost of the non-financial asset when recognized. 
Finance income and expense 
Finance income and expense include interest income and expense, foreign exchange gains and losses, dividend income, gains and losses on derivatives, as 
well as change in fair value of financial assets measured at FVTPL. Interest income and expenses include calculated interest using the effective interest method, 
in addition to discounting effects from assets and liabilities measured at fair value. Gains and losses on derivatives include effects from derivatives that do not 
qualify for hedge accounting, in addition to the ineffective portion of qualifying hedges. Reclassifications of OCI is booked against financial expenses. 
Revenue from contract with customers 
The significant accounting policies relating to revenue recognition from contracts with customers are described in note 1.3 Significant accounting estimates and 
judgements (Revenue recognition) and note 2.1 Revenue and other income. 
Income tax 
Income tax recognized in the income statement comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax is recognized in the income statement except to the extent that 
it relates to items recognized directly in equity or other comprehensive income. 
Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for the period, using tax rates enacted or substantially enacted at the reporting 
date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous periods. Current tax payable also includes any tax liability arising from the declaration of dividends, 
recognized at the same time as the liability to pay the related dividend. 
Deferred tax is recognized in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting and the amounts used 
for taxation purposes. Deferred tax is not recognized for: 
 
Goodwill not deductible for tax purposes 
 
The initial recognition of assets or liabilities that affects neither accounting nor taxable profit 
 
Temporary differences relating to investments in subsidiaries to the extent that they will not reverse in the foreseeable future 
Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are expected to be applied to temporary differences when they reverse, based on the tax rates that have been 
enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date. 
10
10

--- Page 193 ---
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset if there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax liabilities and assets, and they relate to income taxes levied 
by the same tax authority on the same taxable entity, or on different taxable entities which intend either to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis, 
or to realize the tax assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously. 
Deferred tax assets are recognized for unused tax losses, tax credits and deductible temporary differences, to the extent that it is probable that future taxable 
profits will be available against which they can be utilized. Measurement of deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date. 
Inventories 
Inventories are recognized at the average acquisition cost or net sales value, whichever is lower. The net sales value for raw materials and work in progress 
(goods under production) is calculated as the net sales value of the finished products less the remaining production and sales costs. 
Impairment 
Trade receivables and contract assets 
Loss allowance is recognized in profit or loss and measured at lifetime Expected Credit Loss (ECLs.) ECLs is a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. 
Lifetime ECLs are the ECLs that result from all possible default events over the expected life of a financial asset. The group considers a financial asset to be in 
default when the group is unlikely to receive its outstanding contractual amount in full, or the contractual payments are more than 90 days past due. When 
estimating ECLs, the group considers reasonable and supportable information that is relevant and available without undue cost or effort, based on the group’s 
historical experience including forward-looking information.  
 
The gross carrying amount of trade receivable is written off when the group has no reasonable expectations of recovering a trade receivable in its entirety or a 
portion thereof. The group individually makes an assessment with respect to the timing and amount of write-off based on whether there is a reasonable expectation 
of recovery. Trade receivables that are written off could still be subject to enforcement activities in order to comply with the group’s procedures for recovery of 
amounts due. 
Non-financial assets 
The carrying amounts of the group’s non-financial assets (other than employee benefit assets, inventories and deferred tax assets) are reviewed at the end of each 
reporting period to determine whether there is any indication of impairment. If an indication of impairment exists, the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. Cash-
generating units (CGU) containing goodwill, intangible assets with an indefinite useful life and intangible assets that are not yet available for use are tested for 
impairment annually. 
The recoverable amount is the greater of fair value less costs to sell and value in use. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted 
to their present value using a post-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. For 
an asset that does not generate largely independent cash inflows, the recoverable amount is determined for the CGU to which the asset belongs. 
An impairment loss is recognized whenever the carrying amount of an asset or a CGU exceeds its recoverable amount. Impairment losses are recognized in the 
income statement. 
An impairment loss recognized in respect of a CGU (or a group of CGUs) containing goodwill is allocated first to goodwill and then to the other assets in the 
CGU(s) on a pro rata basis. 
An impairment loss on goodwill is not reversed. An impairment loss on other assets is reversed if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine 
the recoverable amount, and the change can be objectively related to an event occurring after the impairment is recognized. An impairment loss is reversed only 
to the extent that the asset’s carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation or amortization, if no 
impairment loss had been recognized. 
Provisions 
A provision is recognized when the group has a present obligation as a result of a past event that can be estimated reliably, and it is probable that the group will 
be required to settle the obligation. If the effect is material, provisions are determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at a market based post-tax 
rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and, where appropriate, the liability-specific risks. The unwinding of the discount is 
recognized as finance expense. 
Warranties 
Provision for warranties is recognized when the underlying products or services are sold. The provision is based on historical warranty data and a weighting of all 
possible outcomes against their associated probabilities. 
 
 
11
11

--- Page 194 ---
Onerous contracts 
Provision for onerous contracts is recognized when the expected benefits to be derived by the group from a contract are lower than the unavoidable costs of 
meeting the obligations under the contract. The provision is measured at the lower of the expected cost of terminating the contract and the expected net cost of 
continuing with the contract. Before a provision is recognized, the group recognizes any impairment loss on the assets associated with the contract. 
Restructuring 
A restructuring provision is recognized when the group has developed a detailed formal plan for the restructuring and has raised a valid expectation in those 
affected that the entity will carry out the restructuring by starting to implement the plan or announcing its main features to those affected by it. The measurement 
of a restructuring provision includes only the direct expenditures arising from the restructuring, which are those amounts that are both necessarily entailed by the 
restructuring and not associated with the ongoing activities of the entity. 
 
 
Leases 
 
As a lessee 
Right-of-use assets 
The group recognizes right-of-use asset at the lease commencement date. The right-of-use asset is initially measured at cost, which comprises the initial amount of 
the lease liability adjusted for any prepaid lease payments made at or before the commencement date, plus any initial direct costs. Subsequently, the right-of-use 
asset is depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated useful life and the lease term. In addition, the right-of-asset is subject to impairment 
assessment of non-financial assets and adjusted for certain remeasurement of the lease liability. 
Lease liabilities 
At the lease commencement date, the group recognizes lease liability measured at the present value of the lease payments over the lease term, discounted using 
the group's incremental interest rate. Generally, the lease payments include fixed payments and variable lease payments that depend on an index or rate.  
The lease liability is subsequently increased by the interest cost on the lease liability and decreased by lease payment made. It is remeasured when there is a 
change in future lease payments arising from a change in an index or rate, or as appropriate, changes in the assessment of whether an extension option is reasonably 
certain to be exercised or a termination option is reasonably certain not to be exercised. 
Short term leases and leases of low-value assets 
The group applies the recognition exemption to its leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase 
option (short-term leases). The group also applies recognition exemption to leases that are considered of low-value assets, mainly IT equipment and office 
equipment. Lease payments associated with the short -term leases and leases of low -value assets are recognized as expenses on a straight-line basis over the 
lease term. 
Lease term 
The group determines the lease term as the non-cancellable term of the lease, together with any periods covered by an option to extend the lease if it is reasonably 
certain to be exercised, or any period covered by an option to terminate the lease if it is reasonably certain not to be exercised. The group applies judgment in 
evaluating whether it is reasonably certain to exercise extension option, considering all relevant factors that create economic incentive to exercise the extension 
option. 
Property, plant and equipment 
Property, plant and equipment are measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses. The cost of self-constructed assets includes the cost 
of materials, direct labor, borrowing costs on qualifying assets, production overheads and the estimated costs of dismantling and removing the assets and restoring 
the site on which they are located. 
If the components of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, they are accounted for as separate components. 
Subsequent costs 
The group capitalizes the cost of a replacement part or a component of property, plant and equipment when that cost is incurred if it is probable that the future 
economic benefits embodied with the item will flow to the group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. All other costs are expensed as incurred. 
Depreciation 
Depreciation is normally recognized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of property, plant and equipment.  
Intangible assets 
Goodwill 
Goodwill that arises from the acquisition of subsidiaries is presented as intangible asset. For the measurement of goodwill at initial recognition, see Business 
combinations. 
Goodwill is measured at cost less accumulated impairment losses. In respect of equity-accounted investees, the carrying amount of goodwill is included in the 
carrying amount of the investment, and any impairment loss is allocated to the carrying amount of the equity-accounted investee as a whole. 
When the group disposes of an operation within a CGU or group of CGUs to which goodwill has been allocated, a portion of the goodwill is included in the 
carrying amount of the operation when determining the gain or loss on disposal. The portion of the goodwill allocated is measured based on the relative values 
12
12

--- Page 195 ---
of the operation disposed of and the portion of the CGU retained at the date of partial disposal, unless it can be demonstrated that another method better 
reflects the goodwill associated with the operation disposed of. The same principle is used for allocation of goodwill when the group reorganizes its businesses. 
Research and development 
Expenditures on research activities undertaken with the prospect of obtaining new scientific or technical knowledge and understanding is recognized in the income 
statement as incurred. 
Development activities involve a plan or design for the production of new or substantially improved products or processes. Development expenditure is 
capitalized only if development costs can be measured reliably, the product or process is technically and commercially feasible, future economic benefits are 
probable and the group intends to and has sufficient resources to complete development and to use or sell the asset. The capitalized expenditure includes cost 
of materials, direct labor overhead costs that are directly attributable to preparing the asset for it intended use and capitalized interest on qualifying assets. 
Other development expenditures are recognized in the income statement as an expense as incurred. 
Capitalized development expenditure is measured at cost less accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment losses. 
Other intangible assets 
Acquired intangible assets are measured at cost less accumulated amortization and impairment losses. 
Subsequent expenditures 
Subsequent expenditures on intangible assets are capitalized only when they increase the future economic benefits embodied in the specific asset to which they 
relate. All other expenditures are expensed as incurred. 
Amortization 
Amortization is recognized in the income statement on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of intangible assets unless such useful lives are 
indefinite. Intangible assets are amortized from the date they are available for use. 
Employee benefits 
Defined contribution plans 
Obligations for contributions to defined contribution pension plans are recognized as an expense in the income statement as incurred. 
Defined benefit plans 
The group’s net obligation in respect of defined benefit pension plans is calculated separately for each plan by estimating the amount of future benefit that 
employees have earned in the current and prior periods; discounting that amount and deducting the fair value of any plan assets. 
The calculation of defined benefit obligations is performed annually by a qualified actuary using the projected unit credit method. The discount rate is the yield 
at the reporting date on government bonds or high-quality corporate bonds with maturities consistent with the terms of the obligations. 
Remeasurement of the net defined benefit liability, which comprises actuarial gains and losses, the return on plan assets (excluding interest) and the effect of 
the asset ceiling (if any, excluding interest), are recognized immediately in other comprehensive income. The group determines the net interest expense 
(income) on the net defined benefit liability (asset) for the period by applying the discount rate used to measure the defined benefit obligation at the beginning 
of the annual period to the then-net defined benefit liability (asset), taking into account any changes in the net defined benefit liability (asset) during the period 
as a result of contributions and benefit payments. Net interest expense and other expenses related to defined benefit plans are recognized in the income 
statement. 
When the benefits of a plan are changed or when a plan is curtailed, the resulting change in benefit that relates to past service or the gain or loss on curtailment 
is recognized immediately in the income statement. The group recognizes gains and losses on the settlement of a defined benefit plan when the settlement 
occurs. 
Fair value measurement 
When available, the group measures the fair value of a financial instrument using the quoted price in an active market for that instrument. If there is no quoted 
price in an active market, then the group uses valuation techniques that maximize the use of relevant observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable 
inputs. The chosen valuation technique incorporates all of the factors that market participants would take into account in pricing a transaction. 
The best evidence of the fair value of a financial instrument on initial recognition is normally the transaction price. If the group determines that the fair value on 
initial recognition differs from the transaction price and the fair value is evidenced neither by a quoted price in an active market for an identical asset or liability 
nor based on a valuation technique that uses only data from observable markets, the financial instrument is initially measured at fair value, and the difference 
between the fair value on initial recognition and the transaction price is recognized as a deferred gain or loss. Subsequently, the deferred gain or loss is recognized 
in profit or loss on an appropriate basis over the life of the instrument.  
 
13
13

--- Page 196 ---
1.3 Significant accounting estimates and judgements 
 
Estimates 
Estimates and judgements are continually reviewed and are based on historical experiences and expectations of future events. The resulting accounting estimates 
will, by definition, seldom accurately match actual results, but are based on the best estimate at the time. Estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk 
of causing material adjustments to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are discussed below. 
 
Revenue recognition 
Revenue from performance obligations satisfied over time, typically in construction contracts and service contracts, are recognized according to progress. This 
requires estimates of the final total revenue, as well as measurement of progress achieved to date as a proportion of the total work to be performed. The estimated 
progress in long-term construction contracts is based on internal and external estimates of progress. See note 2.1 for description of type of revenue and revenue 
recognition policy by type of revenue.  
 
The main uncertainty when assessing total contract revenue is related to recoverable amounts from variation orders, claims and incentive payments which are 
recognized when it is highly probable that they will not result in a significant reversal of revenue. This assessment is adjusted by management’s evaluation of 
liquidated damages to be imposed by customers, typically relating to contractual delivery terms. In most construction contracts, there are frequent changes in 
scope of work resulting in variation orders. The contracts with customers normally include procedures for issuing and approval of variation orders. There can be 
unapproved variation orders and claims included in the contract revenue where recovery is assessed as highly probable and other criteria are met. Even though 
management has extensive experience in assessing the outcome of such negotiations, uncertainties exist. 
 
One of the key uncertainties related to revenue recognition arises in the final stages of the completion of long-term contracts which can involve renegotiations 
with customers. The estimates of the likely outcome of these renegotiations are based on management’s assessments subject to complex interpretations of 
contractual, engineering, design and project execution issues. There can be a wide range of reasonably possible outcomes from such renegotiations and the 
estimates made require a high degree of judgment. 
 
The physical progress and estimated margin in the start-up phase of a long-term construction contracts are based on assumptions and hence exposed to inherent 
risks. The estimation uncertainty related to total cost estimates during the early stages of a long-term construction contract is mitigated by a policy of recognizing 
revenue equal to cost until the significant risk is measurable and a mature cost estimate is concluded upon. 
Warranties 
A provision is made for expected warranty expenditures. The warranty period is normally 12-30 months depending on the specific customer contract and terms 
Based on historical warranty expense experience, the warranty provision is estimated at 1,4% of product cost in long term construction contracts and 1% of 
revenue for single equipment sales. Reference is made to note 7.2 Provisions for further information about provisions for warranty expenditures. 
Impairment of non-financial assets 
Property, plant and equipment and intangible assets 
The group has significant non-current assets recognized in the consolidated statement of financial position related to Property, plant and equipment and 
intangible assets. The recoverable amount of some of these assets can be significantly impacted by changes of market conditions. The group considers 
whether there are indications of impairment on the carrying amounts of such non-current assets. If such indications exist, an impairment test is performed to 
assess whether or not the assets should be impaired. The valuations will often be performed based on estimates of future cash flows discounted by an 
appropriate discount rate. Significant estimates and judgments are made by the management, including determining cash-generating units and discount rate, 
projections for future cash flows and assumptions of future market conditions. References are made to note 3.1 Property, plant and equipment and note 3.3 
Intangible assets. 
Goodwill 
The group performs impairment testing of goodwill annually or more frequently if any impairment indicators are identified. The recoverable amounts of cash-
generating units to which goodwill is allocated have been determined based on fair value less costs of disposal. These calculations require management to 
estimate future cash flows expected to arise from these cash-generating units and an appropriate discount rate to reflect the time value of the money. Key 
assumptions made by the management also include assumptions for future market conditions, which require a high degree of judgment. Further details about 
goodwill allocation and impairment testing are included in note 3.4 Impairment testing of goodwill. 
Income taxes 
The group is subject to income taxes in numerous jurisdictions. Significant judgement is required to determine the worldwide provision for income taxes. There 
are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain during the ordinary course of business. Provisions for anticipated tax 
audit issues are based on estimates of eventual additional taxes. 
 
14
14

--- Page 197 ---
Income tax expense is calculated based on reported income in the different legal entities. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities is calculated based on the 
temporary differences between the assets’ carrying amount for financial reporting purposes and their respective tax basis. The total amount of income tax expense 
and allocation between current and deferred income tax requires management’s interpretation of complex tax laws and regulations in the many tax jurisdictions 
where the group operates.  
 
Valuation of deferred tax assets is dependent on management’s assessment of future recoverability of the deferred tax benefit. Expected recoverability may result 
from expected taxable income in the near future, planned transactions or planned tax optimizing measures. Economic conditions may change and lead to a 
different conclusion regarding recoverability, and such change may affect the results for each future reporting period. 
 
Tax authorities in different jurisdictions may challenge calculation of income taxes from prior periods. Such processes may lead to changes to prior periods’ 
taxable income, resulting in changes to income tax expense. When tax authorities’ challenge income tax calculations, management is required to make estimates 
of the probability and amount of possible tax adjustments. Such estimates may change as additional information becomes known. Further details about income 
taxes are included in note 5.1 Income tax. 
Legal disputes and contingent liabilities 
Given the scope of the group’s worldwide operations, group companies are inevitably involved in legal disputes in the course of their business activities. In 
addition, HMH from time to time engage in mergers, acquisitions and other transactions that could expose the companies to financial and other non-operational 
risks, such as indemnity claims and price adjustment mechanisms resulting in recognition of deferred settlement obligations. Provisions have been made to cover 
the expected outcome of the legal claims and disputes to the extent negative outcomes are likely and reliable estimates can be made. However, the final outcomes 
of these cases are subject to uncertainties and resulting liabilities may exceed warrant recognized. The group follows the development of these disputes on case-
by-case basis and makes assessment based on all available evidence as at the reporting date. 
 
Judgements 
In the process of applying the group’s accounting policies, management has made the following judgements, which have the most significant effect on the amounts 
recognized in the consolidated financial statements: 
 
Significant judgment in accounting for business combinations 
The determination of the fair value and the useful lives of the assets and liabilities acquired is performed, which required the application of judgement. Fair values 
have been estimated by a range of different valuation techniques, such as the market approach, income approach and cost approach based on the which 
techniques that has been assessed to be most appropriate for the type of assets or liability measured. All of these methods include a range of various assumptions 
where significant judgment has been exercised. 
 
15
15

--- Page 198 ---
Section 2 - Operating performance
2.1 Revenue from contracts with customers
Revenue types
Amounts in USD thousands
28.04.2021-
31.12.2021
Revenue from contract with customers
169 571
              
Other revenue and income
Lease revenue
144
                     
Gain on disposal of fixed assets
21
                    
Total revenue and other income
169 736
              
Amounts in USD thousands
ESS
PCS
Total
Major contract/revenue types
Construction revenue
108 515
              
31 907
                
              140 423 
Service revenue
-
                      
29 148
                
                29 148 
Sale of products
-
                      
-
                      
                        - 
Total revenue from contracts with customer
              108 515                 61 055               169 571 
Timing of revenue recognition 
Transferred over time
108 515
              
61 055
                
              169 571 
Total revenue from contracts with customer
              108 515                 61 055               169 571 
Other revenue and income
130
                     
35
                       
                     165 
Total revenue and other income
              108 645                 61 090               169 736 
Contract balances
Amounts in USD thousands
31.12.2021
Trade receivables included in "Trade receivables and other current assets"
                81 409 
Contract assets included in "Trade receivables and other current assets"
              117 351 
Contract liabilities included in "Trade payables and other current liabilities"
                95 108 
Amounts in USD thousands
2022
Later
Total
Transaction price allocated
              228 729                 17 168               245 897 
HMH acquired from the business combination: Trade receivables amounting to 143,877 thousand USD, Contract assets of 16,286 thousand USD and contract
liabilities of 177,717 thousand USD
Contract assets relate to the group’s rights to consideration for work performed, but not yet invoiced at the reporting date. The contract assets are transferred to
receivables when the rights to payment become unconditional, which usually occurs when invoices are issued to the customers. No impairment has been recognized
on contract assets in 2021.
Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers
Revenue from contracts with customer is disaggregated in the following table by major contract and revenue types and timing of revenue recognition.
Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations
The following table includes revenue expected to be recognized in the future related to performance obligations that are unsatisfied (or partially satisfied) as of
December 31, 2021.
The amounts disclosed above do not include variable consideration which is constrained.
16
16

--- Page 199 ---
2.1 Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
Type of contract/revenue 
Construction contracts 
Service revenue 
Sale of products
This revenue type involves sale of products or
equipment that are of a standard nature, not
made to the customer's specifications. Customers
obtain control of these products usually when the
goods are delivered to the customers according
to the contract terms. 
Invoices are usually generated when the products
are delivered. The group has assessed that these
performance obligations are satisfied at a point of
time.
Assurance-type warranty for a period of 12-18
months is normally included in these contracts.
Normal payment terms for Sale of standard
products is 30 days or 30-45 days
Service revenue is generated from rendering of
services
to
customers.
The
customers
simultaneously receive and consume the benefits
provided by these services. The invoicing is
usually based on the service provided at regular
basis. 
Under some service contracts, the invoices are
based on hours or days performed at agreed
rates.
The
group
has
assessed
that
these
performance obligations are satisfied over time.
Normal payment terms for Service revenue are
30-45 days
Revenue
from
these
performance
obligations
is
recognized when the customers obtain control of the
goods, which is essentially similar to the timing when
the goods are delivered to the customers.
Service
revenue
is recognized over time as the
services are provided. 
The revenue is recognized according to progress or
using
the
invoiced
amounts
when
the
invoiced
amounts directly correspond with the value of the
services that are transferred to the customers. The
progress is normally measured using an input method,
by the reference of costs incurred to date relative to
the total estimated costs.
Spare part revenue is recognized when the goods are
ready for collection/at delivery
Nature of performance obligations, including 
significant payment terms
Significant revenue recognition policies
Under
construction
contracts,
specialized
products are built to a customer's specifications
and the assets have no alternative use to the
group. If a construction contract is terminated by
the customer, the group has an enforceable right
to payment for the work completed to date. The
contracts usually establish a milestone 
payment schedule. The group has assessed that
these performance obligations are satisfied over
time. 
Each
of
the
construction
contracts
normally
includes
a
single,
combined
output
for
the
customer,
such
as
an
integrated
drilling
equipment
package.
One
single performance
obligation is usually identified in each contract. 
Assurance-type warranty for a period of 12-30
months
is
normally
included
in
construction
contracts. 
Normal payment terms for Construction Contracts
are 30 to 45 days
Revenue
from
the
construction
performance
obligations is recognized according to progress. The
input method used to measure progress is determined
by reference to the cost incurred to date relative to the
total estimated contract cost. Revenue in excess of
costs is not recognized until the outcome of the
performance obligation can be measured reliably,
usually at 20% of completion. 
Variable considerations, such as incentive bonus, are
included in construction revenue when it is highly
probable that a significant revenue reversal will not
occur. Potential penalty for Liquidated Damages is
recognized as a reduction of the transaction price
unless it is highly probable that it will not be incurred.
Disputed amounts and claims are only recognized
when negotiations have reached an advanced stage,
customer acceptance is highly likely, and the amounts
can be measured reliably. 
Contract modifications, usually in form of variation
orders, are only accounted for when it is highly
probable that they will not result in a significant
reversal of revenue.
The following provides information about nature of performance obligations, including significant payment terms, and related significant revenue recognition policies.
17
17

--- Page 200 ---
Section 2 - Operating performance
2.2 Segments
Amounts in USD thousands
ESS
PCS
Total 
operating 
segments
Eliminations 
Headquarter
Total HMH
2021
Income statement
 
External revenue and other income
108 645
           
61 090
             
169 736
           
-
                   
                        -            169 736 
Inter-segment revenue
1 286
               
1 065
               
2 351
               
              -2 351                         -
                     - 
 
Total revenue and other income 
           109 931              62 155            172 087               -2 351                      -              169 736 
Operating profit before interest, depreciation, 
amortization and impairment
             13 918              19 271              33 189                          -                     -                33 189 
Depreciation and amortization
-5 507
        
-6 090
        
-11 597
      
                                 -1 065             -12 662 
Impairment
-1 587
        
                   
-1 587
        
                                            -               -1 587 
Operating profit / loss(-)
6 825
         
13 181
       
20 006
       
-
             
-1 065
        
18 941
       
Net finance income/expense
66
              
-6 411
        
-6 345
        
                                 -8 147             -14 492 
Share of profit (loss) of equity-accounted investees
63
              
                   
63
              
                                            -                     63 
Profit / loss(-) before tax 
6 954
         
6 770
         
13 724
       
-
             
-9 212
        
4 512
         
Revenue and other income
Amounts in USD thousands
ESS
PCS
2021
USA
7 761
               
44 816
             
52 577
             
Norway
52 971
             
-
                  
52 971
             
Germany
22 535
             
-
                  
22 535
             
Singapore
5 984
               
5 354
               
11 339
             
UK
-
                  
7 595
               
7 595
               
Azerbaijan
7 005
               
-
                  
7 005
               
Brazil
4 156
               
-
                  
4 156
               
Dubai
3 538
               
-
                  
3 538
               
Other countries
4 696
               
3 325
               
8 021
               
Consolidated Revenue and other income 
           108 645              61 090            169 736 
Non-current assets excluding deferred tax assets and financial instruments
Amounts in USD thousands
2021
HQ Netherlands*
389 011
           
USA
218 549
           
Norway
49 328
             
Brazil
26 556
             
Germany
25 832
             
Other countries
8 000
               
Consolidated assets 
           717 274 
*HQ Netherlands assets is mainly Goodwill accounted for in HMH Holding B.V.
Basis for segmentation
As of December 31, 2021, HMH has two operating segments. The segments are managed separately and offer different products and services due to different market
segments and different strategies for their projects, products and services:
ESS is a supplier of drilling solutions and complete top side drilling packages and services to both onshore and offshore oil and gas, which includes: overhaul,
equipment installation and commissioning, services account management, 24/7 technical support, logistics, engineering upgrades, spare parts supply, training and
condition based maintenance etc. ESS segment is derived from the acquisition of MHWirth AS.
PCS is a supplier of integrated drilling products and services, and the key product offering consists of Blowout Prevention (BOP) systems, controls and drilling riser
equipment, spare parts supply for rig operations and maintenance programs, overhaul and recertification and reactivation of rigs, technical and operational rig support
which includes a 24/7 support center and Contractual Service Agreements (CSA) / Long Term Service Agreements (LTSA). PCS is derived from the acquisition of
Subsea Drilling Systems (SDS) .
Measurement of segment performance
Segment performance is measured by operating profit before depreciation, amortization and impairment (EBITDA) which is reviewed by the group’s Executive
Management (the chief operating decision maker). Segment profit, together with key financial information as described below, gives the Executive Management Group
relevant information in evaluating the results of the operating segments and is relevant in evaluating the results of the segments relative to other entities operating
within these industries. Inter-segment pricing is determined on an arm’s length basis.
The accounting policies of the reportable segments are the same as described under note 1.1 Basis of preparation and note 1.2 Significant accounting principles.
Geographical information
Geographical revenue is presented on the basis of geographical location of the group companies selling to the customers. Non-current assets and capital expenditures
are based on the geographical location of the assets.
Major customer
There is only one customer that alone contribute more than 10% of total revenue in the Group, that customer represents approximately USD 19.8 million of the Group’s
total revenue.
18
18

--- Page 201 ---
2.3 Inventories
Amounts in USD thousands
31.12.2021
Stock of raw materials 
                                 22 498 
Goods under production
                                 13 417 
Finished goods
                               121 017 
Total inventories
                               156 932 
Recognized as expense in the period
                                -62 590 
Write-down of inventories in the period 
                                     -512 
Finished goods
The group purchases parts which is to be modified and used in projects. These modified parts are classified as finished good until they are sold as part of the projects. 
There is limited amounts of parts which are sold as unmodified products to customers. 
19
19

--- Page 202 ---
2.4 Employee benefits expenses
Amounts in USD thousands 
28.04.2021-31.12.2021
Salaries and wages including holiday allowance
                            36 099 
Social security tax / national insurance contribution
                              7 789 
Pension costs
                              1 382 
Other employee costs
                              1 032 
Salaries, wages and social security costs 
                            46 303 
Average number of employees (FTE) 1)
28.04.2021-31.12.2021
Netherlands
0
Outside Netherlands
                              1 847 
Total
                              1 847 
1) Average number of employees is calculated as sum of employees in October, November and December 2021, divided by the number of months included.
For Key management remuneration see note 7.4 Management remuneration
Pension plans
HMH pension costs represent the future pension entitlement earned by employees in the financial year. In a defined contribution plan the company is responsible for
paying an agreed contribution to the employee’s pension assets. In such a plan, this annual contribution is also the cost. In a defined benefit plan, it is the company’s
responsibility to provide a certain pension. The measurement of the cost and the pension liability for such arrangements is subject to actuarial valuations. The main
pension liability's relates to Norway and Germany. The welfare and support fund are closed for new entries. The welfare and support found is recorded as other non-
current liabilities and not as pension. see note 7.1
Pension plans in Germany
The main pension arrangement in Germany is a general pension plan organized by the German Government. This arrangement provides the main general pension
entitlement of all Germans. All pension arrangements by employers consequently represent limited additional pension entitlements.
German employers are not obliged to provide an employment pension plan.
ATZ (Altersteilzeit) – early retirement arrangement
ATZ is an early retirement arrangement organized by German employers, Trade/Labor Unions in Germany and the German Government. The ATZ plan is providing
additional lifelong pensions to employees that retire before the general retirement age, to compensate for the reduction of the ordinary pension entitlements. The
employees are given a choice of retirement age, with lower pension at earlier retirement.
The principle that during the current employment relationship the work performed by the employee is equivalent to the remuneration paid by the employer (principle of
equivalence) and that there is therefore no impact on the balance sheet does not apply in the case of partial retirement.
The backlog of performance in the block model of ATZ represents an obligation on the part of the employer. The employee has already performed work for which he
has not yet received any remuneration. For the fee to be paid in the release phase, a provision must be made during the work phase and increased pro rata temporis
until the release phase is reached.
According to commercial law, the top-up amounts to be paid must be set aside in full upon completion of the semi-retirement obligation. According to tax law, these
are to be accumulated in instalments like the arrears.
Claims for reimbursement from the employment agency are to be offset against the provision for tax purposes, insofar as they are probable.
Pension plans in Norway
The main pension arrangement in Norway is a general pension plan organized by the Norwegian Government. This arrangement provides the main general pension
entitlement of all Norwegian employees. All pension arrangements by employers consequently represent limited additional pension entitlements.
Norwegian employers are obliged to provide an employment pension plan, which can be organized as a defined benefit plan or as a defined contribution plan. The
Norwegian companies in HMH have closed the earlier defined benefit plans in 2008 and are now providing defined contribution plans for all employees.
Defined benefit plan
Employees who were 58 years or older in 2008, when the change took place, are still in the defined benefit plan, which is a funded plan. There are no longer any
active employees in this plan. The estimated contributions expected to be paid to the Norwegian plan during 2022 amount to 261 thousand USD .
Compensation plan
To ensure that the employees were treated fairly on the change over to the contribution plan in 2008, the company introduced a compensation plan. The basis for
deciding the compensation amount is the difference between calculated pension capital in the defined benefit plan and the value of the defined benefit plan at the age
of 67 years. The compensation amount will be adjusted annually in accordance with the adjustment of the employees’ pensionable income, and accrued interest
according to market interest. If the employee leaves the company voluntarily before the age of 67 years, the compensation amount will be reduced.
AFP – early retirement arrangement
AFP is an early retirement arrangement organized by Norwegian employers, the main Labor Union organization in Norway (LO) and the Norwegian Government. The
AFP plan is providing additional lifelong pensions to employees that retire before the general retirement age, to compensate for the reduction of the ordinary pension
entitlements. The employees are given a choice of retirement age, with lower pension at earlier retirement.
The Norwegian Accounting Standards Board has issued a comment concluding that the AFP plan is a multi-employer defined benefit plan. The AFP plan exposes the
participating entities to actuarial risk associated with employees of other entities with the result that there is no consistent and reliable basis for allocating the
obligation, plan assets and costs to individual participating entities. Sufficient information is not available to use defined benefit accounting and the AFP plan is
accounted for as a defined contribution plan.
Pension plans outside Norway and Germany
Pension plans outside Norway and Germany are predominately defined contribution plans and includes 1,534 employees. There are only 2 entities with significant
defined benefit plan which is MHWirth AS (Norway) and MHWirth GmbH (Germany).
20
20

--- Page 203 ---
2.4 Employee benefits expenses (Continued)
Pension cost
Amounts in USD thousands 
Note
28.04.2021-31.12.2021
Defined benefit plans
                                 828 
Defined contribution plans including AFP 
                                 554 
Total pension cost 
                              1 382 
Net employee defined benefit obligations
Amounts in USD thousands 
31.12.2021
Defined benefit plans Norway
                            13 097 
Defined benefit plans Germany
                            13 435 
Defined benefit plans Other countries
                                   95
Total employee benefit obligations 
                            26 628 
Movement in net defined benefit liability
Amounts in USD thousands 
Pension obligation 
Liability as of April 28, 2021
-
                                 
Acquisition through business combinations
6.1
27 992
                           
Included in profit or loss
Service cost
828
                                
Interest cost (income)
208
                                
Total
1 036
                             
Included in OCI
Remeasurements (loss) gain arising from
- financial assumptions 
12
                                  
- experience adjustments
-1 029
                            
Total
-1 018
                            
Other
Benefits paid by the plan 
-
                                 
Contributions paid into the plan 
-1 383
                            
Total
-1 383
                            
Liability as of December 31 
26 627
                           
The defined benefit plans are unfunded and consequently there are no pension plan assets to be disclosed.
As part of the agreement between Akastor and Baker Hughes at the time of the formation of the group, Akastor is responsible for all pension liabilities accrued and
unsettled pension liabilities pre October 1, 2021. HMH have booked a receivable in HMH Holding B.V. towards Akastor for their part of the total pension liability.
21
21

--- Page 204 ---
2.4 Employee benefits expenses (Continued)
Norway
Germany
Discount rate
1,50%
1,87%
Salary progression
2,50%
n/a
Pension indexation
0,72%
1,75%
Mortality table
K2013
 RT 2018 G
Years
Norway
Germany
Life expectancy of male pensioners 
22,60
17,9
Life expectancy of female pensioners 
25,90
21,1
Amounts in USD thousands 
Change in defined benefit obligation
Change in actuarial assumptions
Increase
Decrease
Discount rate (1% decrease/increase movement)
1 768
             
2 244
                             
Future salary growth (1% increase/decrease movement)
1 991
             
1 978
                             
Future pension growth (1% increase/decrease movement)
2 228
             
1 983
                             
2021
2021
Defined benefit obligation – actuarial assumptions
The group’s most significant defined benefit plans are in Norway and Germany. The followings are the principal actuarial assumptions at the reporting date for
the plans in these countries.
The discount rates and other assumptions for Norway in 2021 are based on the Norwegian high quality corporate bond rate and recommendations from the Norwegian
Accounting Standards Board. It should be expected that fluctuations in the discount rates would also lead to fluctuations in the pension indexations. The total effect of
fluctuations in economic assumptions is consequently unlikely to be very significant.
Assumptions regarding future mortality have been based on published statistics and mortality tables. The current life expectancy underlying the values of the defined
benefit obligation at the reporting date is shown below.
As of December 31, 2021, the weighted-average duration of the defined benefit obligation was 12.06 years.
Sensitivity analysis
Reasonably possible changes at the reporting date to one of the relevant actuarial assumptions, holding other assumptions constant, would have affected the defined
benefit obligation as of December 31, 2021 by the amounts shown below
22
22

--- Page 205 ---
2.5 Other operating expenses
Amounts in USD thousands
28.04.2021-31.12.2021
External consultants and hired-ins inclusive audit fees
7 818
                               
Other costs for premises and equipment
4 334
                               
Insurance
1 508
                               
Office equipment 
1 016
                               
Travel expenses
479
                                  
Other
7 727
                               
Total other operating expenses
22 883
                             
2.6 Trade receivables and other current assets
Amounts in USD thousands
Note
31.12.2021
Trade receivables 
                              81 660 
Less provision for impairment
                                  -236 
Trade receivables, net of provision
                              81 424 
Other receivables
                                7 187 
Trade and other receivables
4.2
                              88 611 
Advances to suppliers
                              14 195 
Contract assets
2.1
                            117 351 
Prepaid expenses
                              17 894 
Public duty and tax refund
                                2 738 
Contingent considerations
4.2
                                      -
Total trade receivables and other current assets
                            240 789 
Aging of trade receivables
Amounts in USD thousands
31.12.2021
Excluding provision for impairment
Not overdue
                              56 501 
Past due 0-30 days
                              12 644 
Past due 31-90 days
                              12 239 
Past due 91 days 
                                   276
Total trade receivables
                              81 660 
Amounts in USD thousands
Note
2021
Balance as of April 28
0
Change in expected credit loss
                                   620
Utilized
                                  -151 
Currency translation differences
                                  -232 
Balance as of December 31
                                   236
2.7 Trade payables and other current liabilities
Amounts in USD thousands
Note
31.12.2021
Trade creditors
61 505
                             
Accrued operating costs
80 169
                             
Trade payables and other current liabilities
4.2
141 673
                           
Public duty and tax payables
13 232
                             
Contract liabilities
2.1
95 108
                             
Other provisions 1)
4.2
5 901
                               
Total trade payables and other current liabilities
255 914
                           
A majority of the trade receivables past due is related to major customers. These outstanding receivables are monitored regularly and impairment analysis is
performed on an individual basis for major customers. As of December 31, 2021, provision of impairment of USD 236 thousand was recorded on receivables. See
below for the movements in the provision for impairment of receivables.
Book value of trade and other receivables is approximately equal to fair value.
Book value of trade payables and other current liabilities is approximately equal to fair value.
1) USD 4 million reserve for credit note provided to one customer related to buy back of materials already delivered for a cancelled order.
The credit note expires by end of 2022. Hydril US entered into an agreement with a customer to repurchase material delivered as part of a cancelled order for which
the customer had no immediate use. The reserve should expire before the end of 2022 with the customer and is reconciled on a monthly basis with the customer with
accompany monthly credits issued.
23
23

--- Page 206 ---
Section 3 - Asset base
3.1 Property, plant and equipment
Amounts in USD thousands
Note
Buildings 
and land
Machinery,  
equipment, 
software
Under
construction
Total
Historical cost
Balance as of April 28, 2021
-
                      
-
                      
-
                      
-
                      
Additions
149
                     
1 276
                  
125
                     
1 550
                  
Additions through business combinations 
6.1
155 234
              
78 646
                
561
                     
234 442
              
Transfer from assets under construction
-
                      
25
                       
-25
                      
0
                         
Currency translation differences 
-3 006
                 
-1 433
                 
-9
                        
-4 447
                 
Balance as of December 31, 2021
152 377
              
78 514
                
653
                     
231 544
              
Accumulated depreciation
Balance as of April 28, 2021
Depreciation for the period
1 603
                 
3 297
                 
-
                     
4 899
                 
Currency translation differences 
614
-                     
975
-                     
-
                     
1 589
-                 
Balance as of December 31, 2021
989
                     
2 322
                 
-
                     
3 310
                 
Book value as of April 28, 2021
-
                      
-
                      
-
                      
-
                      
Book value as of December 31, 2021
151 388
              
76 192
                
653
                     
228 233
              
Machinery, equipment and software
3-16 years
Buildings
16-33 years
Depreciation
Estimates for useful life, depreciation method and residual values are reviewed annually. Assets are mainly depreciated on a straight-line basis over their expected 
economic lives as follows:
24
24

--- Page 207 ---
3.2 Right-of-use assets and related lease liabilities
Group as lessee
Right-of-use assets
Amounts in USD thousands
2021
Balance as of April 28
                                -   
Additions through business combinations
                        45 206 
Depreciation 
                         -1 907 
Impairment
                         -1 587 
Currency translation differences
                            -125 
Balance as of December 31
                        41 588 
Lease liabilities
Amounts in USD thousands
2021
Balance as of April 28
                                -   
Cash flows, principal payments
                         -1 743 
Additions through business combinations
                        45 206 
Currency translation differences
                            -215 
Balance as of December 31
                        43 247 
Current lease liabilities
                        10 207 
Non-current lease liabilities
                        33 041 
The maturity analysis of lease liabilities is disclosed in note 4.1. 
Lease payments recognized in the income statement
Amounts in USD thousands
28.04.2021-31.12.2021
Expenses related to short-term leases
18
                              
Expenses related to leases of low-value items
2 712
                          
Total
                          2 729 
Total cash flow
Amounts in USD thousands
28.04.2021-31.12.2021
Lease payments
-2 345
                         
Short-term and low-value leases
-2 729
                         
Total lease cash flow
                         -5 074 
Lease liabilities expiring within the following periods from the balance date:
Amounts in USD thousands
31.12.2021
Amount due within 6 months
2 755
                          
Amount due between 6-12 months
3 445
                          
Amount due between one to two years
6 593
                          
Amount due later than 2 years
40 603
                        
Total lease liabilities, undiscounted
                        53 396 
Group as lessee
The group has mostly property leases on a number of locations worldwide. The leases typically run for a period of 2-10 years and some of the leases have extension
options. The group has also an immaterial amount of lease agreements related to cars, machinery, IT equipment and office equipment. These leases have an average
lease period of 2-3 years, generally with no renewal options included.
The group applies the short-term lease recognition exemptions for leases of property or machinery with lease term of 12 months or less. Leases of IT equipment and
office equipment are considered as leases of low-value assets. The right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are not recognized for short-term leases or leases of low-
value assets.
The lease agreements do not impose any covenants or restrictions.
Some property leases contain extension or termination options exercisable before the end of the non-cancellable period. They are used to maximize operational
flexibility in terms of managing the assets used in the group’s operations. The extension and termination options held are exercisable only by the group and not by the
respective lessor. The group assesses at lease commencement date whether it is reasonably certain to exercise the extension or termination options.
Most extension options in offices leases have not been included in the lease liability, because the group expects to be able to replace the assets without significant
cost or business disruption. Most of the early termination options are not considered in the lease term either as the group assesses it as reasonably certain that the
leases will not be terminated early. If the group had exercised the extension options in significant property leases as of December 31, 2021, the group estimates
potential future lease payments (undiscounted) of approximately USD 382,5 thousand, which are not included in the lease liabilities.
25
25

--- Page 208 ---
3.3 Intangible assets and goodwill
Amounts in USD thousands 
Note
Development 
costs
Goodwill
Patents and 
rights
Customer 
Relations
Other 
intangible 
assets
Total
Historical cost
Balance as of April 28, 2021
-
                    
-
                    
-
                    
-
                    
-
                    
-
                    
Acquisition through business combinations
6.1
45 064
              
278 996
            
20 123
              
108 964
            
4 673
                
457 821
            
Reclassifications
4
                       
260
                   
-
                    
-
                    
-
                    
264
                   
Capitalized development 
306
                   
-
                    
-
                    
-
                    
-0
                      
306
                   
Currency translation differences
-572
                  
1 778
                
-
                    
-
                    
-133
                  
1 073
                
Balance as of December 31, 2021
              44 802             281 035               20 123             108 964                 4 541             459 464 
Accumulated amortization and impairment
Balance as of April 28, 2021
-
                    
-
                    
-
                    
-
                    
-
                    
Amortization for the period
-1 150
               
-
                    
-942
                  
-3 763
               
-
                    
-5 855
               
Currency translation differences
455
                   
-
                    
57
                     
-
                    
251
                   
763
                   
Balance as of December 31, 2021
-695
                  
-
                    
-884
                  
-3 763
               
251
                   
-5 092
               
Net book value as of April 28, 2021
                      -                         -                         -                         -                         -                         - 
Net book value as of December 31, 2021
              44 106             281 035               19 239             105 200                 4 792             454 372 
Research and development costs
Research and development is acquired through business combinations.
Amortization
Intangible assets other than goodwill have finite useful lives and are amortized over the expected economic life, ranging between 5-10 years.
Goodwill
At 31.12.2021 the carrying amount of Goodwill is USD 274,117 thousand. See note 3.4 Impairment testing of goodwill and 6.1 Business combination for details. 
26
26

--- Page 209 ---
3.4 Impairment testing of goodwill
Amounts in USD thousands 
31.12.2021
ESS
177 163
                                    
PCS
103 871
                                    
Total goodwill
281 035
                                    
Discount rate after tax
Discount rate pre tax
Discount rate assumptions used in impairment testing 
2021
2021
ESS
13,0 %
10,4 %
PCS
13,0 %
10,7 %
Other key assumptions
ESS
PCS
Compounded annual growth rate (CAGR)
4,4 %
6,5 %
Terminal growth rate
2,0 %
2,0 %
Sensitivity to changes in assumptions
For the CGUs containing goodwill, the recoverable amounts are the same as the carrying amounts based on the value in use analysis and consequently no
impairment loss of goodwill was recognized in 2021. however any negative changes to the key assumption will lead to an impairment charge
The Impairment assessment performed at year-end is based on the valuations performed October 1, 2021 in relation to the merger between Subsea Drilling System
and MHWirth as described below. There have not been any material changes to input parameters, and there are not identified any need for impairment as of 31.12.21
Goodwill arose from the formation of HMH Holding B.V as this was considered to be a business combination and accounted for using the acquisition method. For the
purpose of impairment testing, goodwill has been allocated to the groups of cash generating units as shown in the table below, which represents the lowest level at
which goodwill is monitored in management reporting.
Please see note 2.2 Segment note for description of the operating segments.
Impairment testing for cash-generating units containing goodwill
The recoverable amount was based on fair value less costs of disposal, estimated using discounted cash flows. The fair value measurement was categorized as a
Level 3 fair value based on the inputs in the valuation technique used. The key assumptions used in the estimation of the recoverable amount are set out below. The
values assigned to the key assumptions represent management's assessment of future trends in the oil and gas industries as well as management’s expectations
regarding margin, and have been based on historical data from both external and internal sources.
The cash flow projections are based on budget and strategic forecast for the periods 2022 - 2030. Beyond the explicit forecast period, the cash flows have been
extrapolated using a constant growth rate.
EBITDA used represents the operating earnings before depreciation and amortization and is estimated based on the expected future performance of the existing
businesses in their main markets. Assumptions are made regarding revenue growth, gross margins and other cost components based on historical experience as well
as assessment of future market development and conditions. These assumptions require a high degree of judgement, given the significant degree of uncertainty
regarding oilfield service activities in the forecast period.
Revenue growth The group estimated a revenue for the fiscal year 2022 and growing at a compounded annual growth rate (CAGR) between 2022 and 2030.
Revenue growth through 2025 is primarily driven by the expected recovery in commodity prices and the corresponding increase in rigs and drilling activity. Given the
cyclicality of the industry, revenues beginning in 2026 for new projects were adjusted based on an inflated 5-year average to reflect a mid-cycle view and grown at 2%
thereafter.
Terminal value growth rate The group uses a constant growth rate of 2% (including inflation) for periods beyond the management’s forecast period. The growth rates
used do not exceed the growth rates for the oil and gas industry in which the CGU operates.
Discount rates are estimated based on Weighted Average Cost of Capital (WACC) for the industry in which the CGU operates. The risk-free interest rates used in the
discount rates are based on the 10-year state treasury bond rate at the time of the impairment testing. Optimal debt leverage is estimated for each CGUs. The discount
rates are further adjusted to reflect any additional short to medium term market risk considering current industry conditions.
Climate related matters
HMH constantly monitors the latest government legislation in relation to climate-related matters. At the current time, no legislation has been passed that will impact
the group. HMH will adjust the key assumptions used in value-in-use calculations and sensitivity to changes in assumptions should a change be required. Please see
note 4.1 for description of the HMH specific climate risk and opportunities.
27
27

--- Page 210 ---
Section 4 - Financial instruments, risk and capital management
4.1 Financial risk management and exposures
<
Year
Change in 
NOK rate 
2021
+10% 
-1 311
                 
-1 407
                  
-10% 
1 602
                   
1 720
                    
Year
Change in 
EUR rate 
2021
+10% 
379
                      
379
                       
-10% 
-485
                     
-485
                     
Year
Change in 
GBP rate 
2021
+10% 
-321
                     
-321
                     
-10% 
392
                      
392
                       
Effect on profit before tax 1
USD 000
Effect on pre-tax income 
(OCI) 2
USD 000
USD 000
Effect on profit before tax 1
USD 000 
USD 000 
Effect on pre-tax income 
(OCI) 2
USD 000
Effect on profit before tax 1
Effect on pre-tax income 
(OCI) 2
Interest rate risk
The group’s interest rate risk arises from cash balances, interest-bearing borrowings and interest-bearing receivables. Borrowings and receivables issued at variable
rates as well as cash expose the group to cash flow interest rate risk. Borrowings and receivables issued at fixed rates expose the group to fair value interest rate
risk.
The group has three main loans exposed for interest rate risk with a total value of USD 320 million. USD 100 million out of the total USD 320 million is a shareholder
loan with fixed interest. An increase of 100 basis points in interest rates at December 31, 2021 would have increased (decreased) equity and profit and loss by USD
2.2 million. This analysis assumes that all other variables, in particular foreign currency rates, remain constant.
A decrease of 100 basis points in interest rates during 2021 would have had the equal but opposite effect on the above amounts, on the basis that all other variables
remain constant.
The group is exposed to a variety of financial risks: currency risk, interest rate risk, price risk, credit risk, liquidity risk and capital risk. The capital market risk affects
the value of financial instruments held. The objective of financial risk management is to manage and control financial risk exposures and thereby increase the
predictability of earnings and minimize potential adverse effects on the group’s financial performance. The group uses financial derivative instruments to hedge
certain risk exposures and applies hedge accounting in order to reduce the profit or loss volatility.
Risk management is present in every contract. It is the responsibility of the project managers, with the support of HMH Treasury, to identify, evaluate and hedge
financial risks under policies approved by the Board of Directors. The group has established principles for overall risk management, as well as policies for the use of
derivatives and financial investments. There have not been any changes in these policies during the period.
Currency risk
The group operates internationally and is exposed to currency risk on commercial transactions, recognized assets and liabilities and net investments in foreign
operations. In addition, contributions from subsidiaries and operates in foreign currencies, providing a currency exposure also at group level. Commercial
transactions and recognized assets and liabilities are subject to currency risk when payments are denominated in a currency other than the respective functional
currency of the group company. The group’s exposure to currency risk is primarily to EUR, GBP and NOK, but also other currencies.
HMH’s policy requires business units to mitigate currency exposure in any contracts. HMH manages exposures by entering into forward contracts or currency options
with the financial marketplace. HMH has a large number of contracts involving foreign currency exposures and the currency risk policy has been established.
The group determines the existence of an economic relationship between the hedging instrument and hedged item based on the currency and amount of their
respective cash flows. The group assesses whether the derivative designated in each hedging relationship is expected to be and has been effective in offsetting
changes in cash flows of the hedged item using the hypothetical derivative method. In these hedge relationships, the main sources of ineffectiveness can arise from
changes to the forecasted amount of cash flows of hedged items and hedging instruments.
The change in hedge reserve in 2021 is related to hedges of estimated future sales and purchases.
Foreign currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of an exposure will fluctuate because of changes in foreign exchange rates. The group’s
exposure to the risk of changes in foreign exchange rates primarily relates to intercompany transactions between each subsidiary and HMH Holding B.V. (i.e.,
dividends and group contributions).
In the group, there are three legal entities carrying currency risk. MHWirth AS has a currency risk USD to NOK, MHWirth GmbH with a currency risk USD to EUR,
and MHWirth UK/Hydril PCB Limited which with a currency risk GBP to USD. The group manages its foreign currency risk related to future transactions in signed
customer and vendor contract by hedging transactions.
When a derivative is entered into for the purpose of being a hedge, the Group negotiates the terms of the derivative to match the terms of the hedged exposure. For
hedges of forecast transactions, the derivative covers the period of exposure from the point the cash flows of the transactions are forecasted up to the point of
settlement of the resulting receivable or payable that is denominated in the foreign currency.
The following tables demonstrate the sensitivity on financial instruments in foreign currency at 31.12.2021 to a reasonably possible change in USD, EUR, GBP and
NOK exchange rates, with all other variables held constant. This is the best estimate of the currency exposure, given that all major currency exposure is hedged in
accordance with the group’s policy. The net exposure is managed by HMH Treasury. The group’s exposure to foreign currency changes for all other currencies is not
material.
1) Effect on profit before tax is calculated as change in profit before tax in specific entity when changing currency rate with 10%.
2) The equity effect is calculated as the change in fair value of the cash flow hedge when shifting currency rate 10% up and 10% down.
28
28

--- Page 211 ---
4.1 Financial risk management and exposures (continued)
Amounts in USD thousands
Note
Book value
Total 
cash flow
6 months and 
less
6-12 months
1-2 years
2-5 years
More than 5 years
2021
Non-current borrowings 2)
4.8
169 742
               
183 000
   
-
                       
-
                 
32 000
       
151 000
     
-
                                   
Current Borrowings 1)
4.8
149 874
               
176 000
   
159 000
               
17 000
           
-
             
-
             
-
                                   
Lease liabilities 
3.2
43 247
                 
53 396
     
2 755
                    
3 445
             
6 593
         
24 221
       
16 382
                             
Other non-current liabilities
2 896
                   
3 100
       
-
                       
-
                 
500
            
2 300
         
300
                                  
Derivative financial instruments 
5 996
                   
5 996
       
5 400
                    
596
                
-
             
-
             
-
                                   
Trade and other payables 
2.7
255 914
               
255 914
   
254 914
               
-
                 
1 000
         
-
             
-
                                   
Total financial liabilities
627 668
               
677 406
   
422 068
               
21 041
           
40 093
       
177 521
     
16 682
                             
Obligations
HMH has provided the following guarantees on behalf of subsidiaries and related parties as of December 31, 2021 (estimated remaining exposure as of December
31, 2021):
Performance guarantees on behalf of group companies are USD 55 million.
Price risk
The group is exposed to fluctuations in market prices in the operational areas related to contracts, including changes in market prices for raw materials, equipment
and development in wages. These risks are to the extent possible managed in bid processes by locking in committed prices from vendors as a basis for offers to
customer or through escalation clauses with customers.
Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk is the risk that the group will encounter difficulty in meeting the obligations associated with its financial liabilities. The group manages its liquidity to
ensure that it will always have sufficient liquidity reserves to meet its liabilities when due.
Prudent liquidity risk management includes maintaining sufficient cash, the availability of funding from an adequate amount of committed credit facilities and the ability
to close out market positions. Due to the dynamic nature of the underlying businesses, HMH Treasury maintains flexibility in funding by maintaining availability under
committed credit lines as shown in note 4.3.
The group policy for the purpose of optimizing availability and flexibility of cash within the group is to operate a centrally managed cash pooling arrangement. An
important condition for the participants (business units) in such cash pooling arrangements is that the group as an owner of such pools is financially viable and is able
to prove its capability to service its obligations concerning repayment of any net deposits made by business units. Management monitors rolling weekly and monthly
forecasts of the group’s liquidity reserve on the basis of expected cash flow.
Climate risk and opportunities
Climate risk areas are identified annually through a bottom-up process involving all units and locations in HMH, then reviewed by company management and followed
up by the HMH ESG program owner ensuring that risks are integrated and managed as part of the company risk assessment, reported to management, and annually
to the board. The largest risks identified in the HMH Climate Risks and Opportunities Assessment are related to the transition to a low-emission economy, which is
expected to drive a decrease in demand for oil and gas. This transition presents challenges in terms of access to and cost of capital, the ability to hire and retain
talent, and increasingly restrictive regulatory requirements. Additionally, large oil companies are shifting toward low-carbon production, which will result in changes to
customer requirements and require investment in new technology.
HMH has identified several business opportunities related to supporting renewable energy including diversification into other industries and market sectors as well as
development of new products and services for existing business areas and customers which are focused on efficiency, reduction of emissions, and contribution to a
circular economy.
Financial liabilities and the period in which they mature
The following is the remaining contractual maturities of financial liabilities at the reporting date. The amounts are gross and undiscounted and include contractual
interest payments and exclude the impact of netting agreements.
1) Bridge loan of USD 150 million has a maturity date in Q1 2022, will be replaced by a bond loan with new terms and conditions. Interest rate according to Bridge
facilities has been used for cash flow estimates.
2) Shareholder loan of USD 100 million will not be settled prior to external debt, earliest maturity date is set to October 1, 2025. The loan has an interest rate of 8%. 
Credit risk
Credit risk is the risk of financial losses to the group if customer or counterparty to financial investments/instruments fails to meet contractual obligations and arise
principally from investment securities and receivables.
Derivatives are only traded against approved banks. All approved banks have investment grade ratings. Credit risk related to investment securities and derivatives
are therefore considered to be insignificant.
Assessment of credit risk related to customers and subcontractors is an important requirement in the bid phase and throughout the contract period. Such
assessments are based on credit ratings, income statement and balance sheet reviews and using credit assessment tools available (e.g. Dun & Bradstreet and Credit
Watch). Sales to customers are settled in cash. Normal credit terms are 30-90 days.
Revenues are mainly related to large and long-term projects closely followed up in terms of payments up front and in accordance with agreed milestones. Normally,
lack of payments is due to disagreements related to project deliveries and is solved together with the customer or escalated to the local authority.
Based on estimates of incurred losses in respect of trade receivables and contract assets, the group establishes a provision for impairment losses. Provisions for loss
on debtors are based on individual assessments. Provisions for loss on receivables were USD 0.2 million at December 31, 2021.
The group evaluates that significant credit risk concentrations are related to trade receivables from major corporate customers in the oil and gas industry. The
maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date equals the carrying amounts of financial assets. The group does not hold collateral as security.
29
29

--- Page 212 ---
4.2 Financial instruments
Amounts in USD thousands 
Note
Carrying amount
Financial instruments 
measured at fair value
Level in fair value 
hierarchy
31.12.2021
Financial assets measured at fair value
Fair value- hedging instruments
Derivative financial instruments
4.5
7 104
7 104
                                
Level 2
Financial assets not measured at fair value
Financial assets at amortized cost
Cash and cash equivalents
4.3
91 725
                              
Current financial assets  1)
7.3
44 295
                              
Trade receivables and other current assets
2.6
240 789
                            
Financial assets 
383 913
                            
7 104
                                
1) Interest-bearing receivables of USD 16.3 million and receivables carved-out pension of USD 27.9 million.
Amounts in USD thousands
Note
Carrying amount
Financial instruments 
measured at fair value
Level in fair value 
hierarchy
31.12.2021
Financial liabilities measured at fair value
Fair value – hedging instruments
Derivative financial instruments
4.5
5 996
5 996
Level 2
Financial liabilities not measured at fair value
Financial liabilities at amortized cost
Borrowings
4.8
319 615
Other financial liabilities
Other non-current liabilities
7.2
2 896
Trade payables and other current liabilities
2.7
255 914
Provisions
 7.2
19 494
Financial liabilities
603 915
5 996
4.3 Cash and cash equivalents
Amounts in USD thousands
Note
31.12.2021
Restricted cash
                                       10
Interest-bearing deposits 
                               91 715 
Total cash and cash equivalents
                               91 725 
Accounting classifications and fair values
The following table shows the carrying amounts and fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities, including their levels in the fair value hierarchy. It does not
include fair value information for financial assets and financial liabilities not measured at fair value if the carrying amount is a reasonable approximation of fair value.
For financial instruments measured at fair value, the levels in the fair value hierarchy are as shown below.
Level 1 - Fair values are based on prices quoted in an active market for identical assets or liabilities.
Level 2 - Fair values are based on price inputs other than quoted prices derived from observable market transactions in an active market for identical assets or
liabilities. Level 2 includes currency or interest derivatives and interest bonds, typically when the group uses forward prices on foreign exchange rates or interest rates
as inputs to valuation models.
Level 3 - Fair values are based on unobservable inputs, mainly based on internal assumptions used in the absence of quoted prices from an active market or other
observable price inputs.
Additional undrawn committed current bank revolving credit facilities amount to USD 85 million including an undrawn overdraft limit amounting to USD 5 million that together
with cash and cash equivalents gives a total liquidity reserve of USD 176.7 million as of December 31, 2021. See also note 4.8 Borrowings.
30
30

--- Page 213 ---
4.4 Finance income and finance expenses
Amounts in USD thousands
28.04.2021-
31.12.2021
Interest income on bank deposits measured at amortized cost
              393 
Interest income on debt instruments at FVOCI
                 - 
Interest income on finance lease receivables
                 -0 
Net foreign exchange gain
                 - 
Dividend income from equity investment
                 - 
Net change in fair value of financial assets measured at FVTPL
                 - 
Liquidation of foreign entity
                 - 
Foreign exchange gain
Other finance income 
           3 718 
Finance income 
           4 111 
Interest expense on financial liabilities measured at amortized cost
          -4 789 
Interest expense on lease liabilities
             -601 
Loss on foreign currency forward contracts
          -7 150 
Net foreign exchange loss
             -594 
Other financial expenses
          -5 468 
Finance expenses 
       -18 602 
Profit / loss(-) from equity-accounted investees 
                63 
Net finance expenses recognized in profit and loss
       -14 428 
4.5 Derivative financial instruments
Amounts in USD thousands
Total
6 months 
and less
6-12 
months
1-2 years
31.12.2021
Foreign exchanges forward contracts to hedge highly probable forecasted sales
Notional amounts USD
18 440
           
7 820
            
2 971
          
7 649
           
Average forward rate (USD/NOK)
8.25
8.50
8.88
Foreign exchanges forward contracts to hedge highly probable forecasted purchases
Notional amounts EUR
1 742
             
1 118
            
624
             
-
               
Average forward rate (EUR/NOK)
10.27
10.63
-
               
Cash flow hedges’ impact on profit and loss and equity
Amounts in USD thousands
31.12.21
Net fair value of  all hedging instruments ( assets / liability (-) )
1 109
           
Recognized in profit / loss(-)
-7 150
          
Deferred in equity (the hedge reserve)
1 063
           
Maturity
Derivative financial instruments are classified as current assets or liabilities as they are a part of the operating cycle. Information regarding risk management 
policies in the group is available in note 4.1 Financial risk management and exposures. 
Fair value of derivative instruments with maturity
The table below presents the fair value of the derivative financial instruments and a maturity analysis of the derivatives cash flows. 
Foreign exchange derivatives
HMH entities hedge the group’s future transactions in foreign currencies with external banks. The foreign exchange derivatives are subject to hedge accounting.
Hedges qualifying for hedge accounting are classified as cash flow hedges (hedges of highly probable future revenues and/or expenses).
The hedged transactions in foreign currency that are subject to cash flow hedge accounting are highly probable future transactions expected to occur at various
dates during the next one to four years, depending on progress in the projects. Gains and losses on forward foreign exchange contracts are recognized in other
comprehensive income and reported as hedging reserve in equity until they are recognized in the income statement in the period or periods during which the
hedged transactions affect the income statement. If the forward foreign exchange contract is rolled due to change in timing of the forecasted cash flow, the
settlement effect is included in Contract assets or Contract liabilities.
The purpose of the hedging instrument is to secure a situation where the hedged item and the hedging instrument together represent a predetermined value
independent of fluctuations of exchange rates. Revenue and expense on the underlying construction contracts are recognized in the income statement in
accordance with progress. The positive USD 1.1 million that are currently recorded directly in the hedging reserve, will be reclassified to income statement.
The currency hedge is revaluated every month covering the coming 3-month period.
See note 4.2 Financial instruments for information of the finance income and expense generating items.
31
31

--- Page 214 ---
4.6 Capital management
HMH’s capital management is designed to ensure that the group has sufficient financial flexibility, short-term and long-term. One main objective is to maintain a financial
structure that, through solidity and cash flow, secures the group’s strong long-term creditworthiness, as well as maximize value creation for its shareholders through:
•
Investing in projects and business areas which will increase the company’s Return On Capital Employed (ROCE) over time.
•
Optimizing the company’s capital structure to ensure both sufficient and timely funding over time to finance its activities at the lowest cost.
Funding policy
Liquidity planning
HMH has a strong focus on its liquidity situation in order to meet its short-term working capital needs and to ensure solvency for its financial obligations. HMH had a liquidity
reserve per year-end 2021 of USD 176.7 million, composed of an undrawn committed credit facility of USD 85 million and cash and cash equivalents of USD 91.7 million.
Funding of operations
HMH’s group funding policy is that subsidiaries should finance their operations with the treasury department (HMH Treasury). This ensures optimal availability and transfer
of cash within the group and better control of the company’s overall debt as well as cheaper funding for its operations.
Funding duration
HMH emphasizes financial flexibility and steers its capital structure accordingly to limit its liquidity and refinancing risks. In this perspective, loans and other external
borrowings are to be renegotiated well in advance of their due date and generally for periods of 3 to 5 years.
Funding cost
HMH aims to have diversified funding sources in order to reach the lowest possible cost of capital. These funding sources might include:
•
The use of banks based on syndicated credit facilities.
•
The issue of debt instruments in the Norwegian capital market.
•
The issue of debt instruments in foreign capital markets.
Ratios used in monitoring of capital/covenants
HMH monitors capital on the basis of a gearing ratio (net debt/equity), interest coverage ratio (ICR) based on EBITDA/net interest costs and leverage ratio based on net total
borrowings/LTM EBITDA. These ratios are similar to covenants as defined in loan agreements for the revolving credit facilities which are shown below. See note 4.8
Borrowings for details about these loans.
•
The company’s gearing ratio shall not exceed 1.0 times and is calculated from the consolidated total borrowings to the consolidated Equity.
•
The Interest Cover Ratio shall not be lower than 4,5x, calculated from the consolidated EBITDA to net interest expenses which means consolidated Finance Costs less
the amount of interest income received by or accrued in favor of the Relevant Group during a Relevant Period.
•
The Leverage ratio shall not be higher than 3,0x, calculated from net total borrowings to consolidated last twelve months EBITDA.
•
Minimum liquidity amount shall exceed USD 30 million on consolidated level. This includes the available undrawn multi-currency revolving credit facility.
•
Relevant Group means the Group excluding any Project Company and its Subsidiaries
•
Relevant Period means a period of four (4) financial quarters of the company ending on a quarter date
•
Project Company” means an entity that is a member of the Group (other than an Obligoror a Holding Company of an Obligor), being party to a Project Financing at any
time and which has no other Financial Indebtedness with recourse to any other member of the Group (other than that Project Company or other Project Companies).
The ratios are calculated based on net debt including cash and borrowings as shown in note 4.8 Financial instruments, EBITDA (earnings before interest, tax, depreciation,
amortization) and net interest costs, however adjusted for certain items as defined in the loan agreement. Covenants ratios are based on accounting principles as of
December 31, 2021.
The covenants are monitored on a regular basis by the HMH Treasury department to ensure compliance with the loan agreements and are tested and reported on a
quarterly basis. HMH was in compliance with its covenants as of December 31, 2021.
32
32

--- Page 215 ---
4.7 Capital and reserves
Issued capital and reserves
Share capital
Number of shares 
authorized and fully 
paid
Par value per 
share EUR
Financial 
Position
(EUR )
At April 28, 2021
0
0
0
Share issuance April 28, 2021
100
                           
0,01
                      
1
                           
Consolidation of the shares August 27, 2021 1)
-100
                           
0,01
-                      
-1
                          
Consolidation of the shares August 27, 2021 1)
1
                               
1,00
                      
1
                           
Share issue at October 1, 2021
199
                           
1,00
                      
199
                       
At December 31,  2021
200
                           
1,00
                      
200
                       
Amounts in USD thousands
2021
Balance as of April 28
0
Other comprehensive income, net of tax
                      -737 
Balance as of December 31
                      -737 
See note 2.4 for more information relating to pension obligations.
1) The company has consolidated its shares on August 27, 2021. After which the issued share capital amounted to EUR 1, divided into 100 ordinary shares with a
nominal value of EUR 0.01 each.
Hedging reserve
The hedging reserve relates to cash flow hedges of future secured revenues and expenses against exchange rate fluctuations. The income statement effects of such
instruments are recognized in accordance with the progress of the underlying construction contract as part of revenues or expenses as appropriate. The hedging
reserve represents the value of such hedging instruments that is not yet recognized in the income statement. The underlying nature of a hedge is that a positive value
on a hedging instrument exists to cover a negative value on the hedged position, see Note 4.5 derivative financial instruments
Pension remeasurement reserve
The pension remeasurement reserve includes the effect of remeasurement of pension obligations arising due to change in assumptions, such as discounts rates and
experience adjustments.
Share capital
HMH B.V. has class A and class B shares, with equal rights for all shares. The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends and are entitled to one vote
per share at General Meetings. Total outstanding shares are 200 at par value EUR 1 per share. October 1st, 2021, the Group issued Titan share A (50 shares), Titan
share B (50 shares), Bear share A (50 shares) and Bear share B (50 shares) all at par value EUR 1. All issued shares are fully paid.
The shareholders are Baker Hughes Holdings LLC (50%), Akastor AS (25%), and Mercury HoldCo Inc (25%). Akastor ASA fully owns Akastor AS and Mercury
HoldCo Inc. According to the shareholders' agreement between Baker Hughes and Akastor, the shareholders have joint control of MHH Holding BV and its
subsidiaries.
During 2021, the share capital and share premium increased 588,955 thousand USD
Currency translation reserve
The translation reserve comprises all foreign currency differences arising from the translation of the financial statements of foreign operations, as well as the effective
portion of any foreign currency differences from hedges of net investments in foreign operations.
The currency translation reserve includes exchange differences arising from the translation of the net investments in foreign operations. Upon the disposal of
investments in foreign operations or liquidation of such entities, the accumulated currency translation differences related to these entities are reclassified from the
currency translation reserve to the income statement.
For the purpose of the group's capital management, capital includes issued capital, and all other equity reserves attributable to the equity holders of the parent. The
primary objective of the group's capital management is to ensure that it maintains a healthy working capital and financial stability in order to support its growing
business operations and to maximize shareholder value.
The group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments in light of changes in economic conditions. To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the group may
adjust the dividend payment to shareholders, return capital to shareholders, issue new shares, perform prepayments of debt or draw on short-term credit.
In order to achieve this overall objective, the group’s capital management, amongst other things, aims to ensure that it reinvests or returns excess cash flows from
operations that are not necessary to maintain a healthy operating working capital to its investors. There has been no breach of the financial covenants in the current or
previous period. Reference is made to note 4.6 Capital management.
33
33

--- Page 216 ---
4.8 Borrowings
31.12.2021
Amounts in USD thousand
Currency
Nominal 
currency 
value
Carrying 
amount 
(USD)
Interest rate 
margin
Fixed rate Maturity date
Interest terms
Revolving credit facility (USD 80 million)
USD
                   -                      -   
4%
 Feb 2024
LIBOR + Margin
Bridge loan Tranche A
USD
         112 500          112 405 
4%
 Feb 2022
LIBOR + Margin
Bridge loan Tranche B
USD
           37 500            37 468 
5%
 Feb 2022
LIBOR + Margin
Term loan Tranche A
USD
           52 500            50 806 
4%
 Feb 2024
LIBOR + Margin
Term loan Tranche B
USD
           17 500            16 935 
5%
 Feb 2024
LIBOR + Margin
Shareholder loan
USD
         102 000          102 000 
8%
Oct 2025
Fixed rate 
Total borrowings
         319 615 
Current borrowings
149 874
Non-current borrowings
169 742
Total borrowings
319 615
HMH Holding B.V. is the direct borrower of all of the loans above
Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities
Amounts in USD thousand
28.4.2021
Non-cash 
loan
Cash flows
Capitalized 
interest
31.12.2021
Term loan facility 
           70 000 
                        67 742 
Bridge loan facility
         150 000 
                      149 874 
Shareholder loan 1)
         100 000 
             2 000 
                      102 000 
Total liabilities arising from financing activities
0
100 000
220 000
2 000
319 615
-2 385
Capitalized borrowing costs
                                      -2 259 
                                         -127 
Below are contractual terms of the group’s interest-bearing loans and borrowings which are measured at amortized cost. For more information about the group’s
exposure to interest rates, foreign currency and liquidity risk, see note 4.1 Financial risk management and exposures.
Bank debt
The revolving credit facilities are provided by a bank syndicate consisting of high-quality Nordic and international banks, consisting of: DNB, HSBC Continental Europe,
Nordea Bank Abp and Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB. The terms and conditions include restrictions which are customary for these kinds of facilities, including
inter alia negative pledge provisions and restrictions on acquisitions, disposals and mergers, dividend distribution and change of control provisions. For information
about financial covenants, see note 4.6 Capital management.
1) As part of the consideration paid to Akastor and Baker Hughes in relation to the creation of the joint venture, see note 6.1 for further details, was by establishing
shareholder loans to Akastor and Baker Hughes. The total amount of the shareholder loan is USD 100 million and will not be settled prior to external debt. Earliest
maturity date is set to October 1, 2025. USD 20 million of the loan relates to Akastor, and remaining USD 80 million is a loan from Baker Hughes to HMH.
34
34

--- Page 217 ---
Section 5 - Tax
5.1 Income tax
Income tax expense
Amounts in USD thousands 
28.04.2021-31.12.2021
Current year
-3 104
         
Total current tax expense(-) / income
         -3 104 
Deferred tax expense
Origination and reversal of temporary differences
-1 324
         
Total deferred tax expense(-) / income
         -1 324 
Total tax expense(-) / income
         -4 428 
Effective tax rate
Amounts in USD thousands 
Profit (loss) before tax
         4 513 
Tax rate (25%)
        -1 128 
-25%
Tax effects of:
Difference between local tax rate and Dutch tax rate
            550 
12%
Permanent differences
        -1 241 
-27%
Tax losses not recognized as deferred tax assets
        -1 762 
-39%
Other
           -848 
-19%
Total tax expenses(-) / income
        -4 428 
-98%
Recognized deferred tax assets and liabilities
Amounts in USD thousands 
31.12.2021
01.10.2021
31.12.2021
01.10.2021
31.12.2021
01.10.2021
Property, plant and equipment
4 274
         
4 274
         
-6 470
        
-6 470
        
-2 196
        
-2 196
         
Intangible assets
-
             
-
             
-13 941
      
-13 941
      
-13 941
      
-13 941
       
Projects under construction
-
             
-
             
-8 220
        
-8 220
        
-8 220
        
-8 220
         
Pensions
5 938
         
5 938
         
-20
             
-20
             
5 918
         
5 918
          
Provisions
11 742
       
11 742
       
-
             
-
             
11 742
       
11 742
        
Derivatives
-
             
-
             
-1 506
        
-1 073
        
-1 506
        
-1 073
         
Other 
19 151
       
20 042
       
-227
           
-227
           
18 924
       
19 816
        
Tax loss carry-forwards
2 166
         
2 166
         
-
             
-
             
2 166
         
2 166
          
Total before set offs
       43 271        44 162       -30 384       -29 951        12 887         14 211 
Set off of tax
        -4 521         -4 521          4 521          4 521                -                   -   
Total deferred tax assets (liabilities)
       38 750        39 641       -25 863       -25 430        12 887         14 211 
Change in net recognized deferred tax assets and liabilities
Amounts in USD thousands
Property, 
plant and 
equipment
Intangible 
assets
Projects 
under 
construction
Pensions
Provisions
Derivatives
Other
Tax loss 
carry-
forwards
Total
Balance as of April 28, 2021
Acquisition of subsidiaries
-2 196
        
-13 941
    
-8 220
          
5 918
         
11 742
       
-1 073
        
19 816
       
2 166
         
14 211
        
Recognized in profit and loss
-
             
-
           
-
               
-281
           
-
             
-183
           
-861
           
-
             
-1 324
         
Recognized in other comprehensive income
-
             
-
           
-
               
281
            
-
             
-266
           
-
             
-
             
15
               
Currency translation differences
-
             
-
           
-
               
-
             
-
             
15
              
-31
             
-
             
-16
              
Balance as of December 31, 2021
        -2 196     -13 941           -8 220          5 918        11 742         -1 506        18 924          2 166         12 887 
Unrecognized tax loss carry-forwards and unrecognized other tax reducing temporary differences
Expiry date of unrecognized tax loss carry-forwards
Amounts in USD thousands
2021
Expiry in 2022 
-
              
Expiry in 2023
-
              
Expiry in 2024 and later
29
               
Indefinite
9 888
          
Total
9 918
          
Unrecognized other tax reducing temporary differences at 31.12.2021
17 045
        
Assets
Liabilities
Net
28.04.2021-31.12.2021
The table below reconciles the reported income tax expense to the expected income tax expense according to the corporate income tax rate in The Netherlands. 
35
35

--- Page 218 ---
Section 6 - Group 
structure
6.1 Business combinations
Identifiable assets and liabilities acquired
Amounts in USD thousands
MHWirth AS
SDS
Land and Land improvements
     15 928 
                                                23 459
Fixed Assets 
     65 780 
                                              129 275
Inventory
     42 041 
                                              120 849
Trademark / Trade name
       6 638 
                                                13 485
Developed technology
     24 412 
                                                20 652
Customer relationships
     64 169 
                                                43 444
Customer contract
      -2 012 
                                                  3 362
Other current assets and liabilities 1)
     25 585 
                                               -61 404
Cash and cash equivalents
     18 285 
                                                19 000
Deferred tax asset
     11 069 
                                                  3 142
Other long-term assets and liabilities
    -30 367 
                                                48 029
Total identifiable net assets acquired
   241 528 
                                              363 293
Purchase consideration transferred
   417 407 
                                              466 411
Goodwill
   175 878 
                                              103 118
Analysis of cash flows on acquisition
Amounts in USD thousands
MHWirth AS
SDS
Net cash acquired with the subsidiary 
     18 285 
                                                19 000
Cash paid 
     97 711 
                                                86 551
Net cash flow from acquisition
    -79 426 
                                               -67 551
Business combinations in 2021
On October 1, 2021 the joint venture between Akastor and Baker Hughes was formed and named HMH. The joint venture was established by Akastor contributing its
shares in MHWirth AS to HMH Holding BV in return for 50% of the shares with a fair value of USD 300 million and USD 117.4 million million, of which USD 97.71
million was payable in cash at closing with the remainder in the form of a shareholder loan (SHL). Baker Hughes transferred the Subsea Drilling System in return for
50% of the shares with a fair value of USD 300 million and USD 166..4 million million, of which USD 86.55 million was payable in cash at closing with the remainder
in the form of a shareholder loan (SHL). The shareholders are Baker Hughes Holdings LLC (50%), Akastor AS (25%), and Mercury HoldCo Inc (25%).
MHWirth is a supplier of drilling solutions and complete top side drilling packages and services to both onshore and offshore oil and gas, which includes: overhaul,
equipment installation and commissioning, services account management, 24/7 technical support, logistics, engineering upgrades, spare parts supply, training and
condition based maintenance etc.
Subsea Drilling Systems (SDS) is a supplier of integrated drilling products and services, and the key product offering consists of blowout preventor systems, controls
and drilling riser equipment, includes spare parts supply for rig operations and maintenance programs, overhaul and recertification and reactivation of rigs and 24/7
technical supports. is
If the joint venture would have been established and MHWirth AS and SDS would have been be transferred on January 1, 2022, the revenue for the Group would
have been USD 583.4 million and the profit before tax would have been USD 31.1 million .
The goodwill resulting from the MW Wirth AS and SDS acquisitions are mainly attributable to the skills and technical talent of the workforce and expected 
synergies going forward.
Transaction costs of USD 861 thousand were expensed and are included in the other operating expenses.
The net assets recognized at October 1, 2021 were based on a provisional assessment of their fair value while the group is finalizing the review and measurement 
of the fair values of the intangible and tangible assets.
1) The fair value of current receivables of USD 135 million (MHWirth) and USD 9 million (SDS) is included here. The gross value of the same receivables are USD 144
million (MHWirth) and USD 10 million (SDS) at acquisition date. The group except to collect all outstanding receivables.
36
36

--- Page 219 ---
6.2 Group Companies
Group companies as of December 31, 2021
Ownership (%)
Company
Location
Country
31.12.2021
HMH Holding B.V.
Amsterdam
Netherlands
MHWirth
MHWirth Pty Ltd
Argenton
Australia
100
MHWirth do Brasil Equipamentos Ltda
Rio de Janeiro
Brazil
100
MHWirth Canada Inc
Newfoundland
Canada
100
MHWirth Chile SpA
Santiago
Chile
100
MHWirth GmbH
Erkelenz
Germany
100
MHWirth (India) Pvt Ltd
Mumbai
India
100
MHWirth AS
Kristiansand
Norway
100
MHWirth HoldCo AS
Kristiansand
Norway
100
MHWirth (Singapore) Pte Ltd
Singapore
Singapore
100
MHWirth Singapore Engineering Management Pte
Singapore
Singapore
100
MHWirth FZE
Dubai
UAE
100
MHWirth Gas & Oilfield Equipment & Services LLC 1) 
Abu Dhabi
UAE
49
MHWirth UK Ltd
Aberdeen
UK
100
MHWirth LLC
Houston
USA
100
MHWirth Offshore Petroleum Engineering (Shanghai) Co Ltd
Shanghai
China
100
Bronco Manufacturing, LLC
Tulsa
USA
100
SDS
Hydril PCB Canada Inc
Newfoundland
Canada
100
Baker Hughes Drilling Engineer Services of India Pvt. Ltd
Chennai
India
100
Hydril Pressure Control S. de R.L de C.V.
Veracruz
Mexico
100
Frontica Engineering AS
Kristiansand
Norway
100
Hydril Pressure Controlling Arabia Limited
Riyadh 
Saudi Arabia
100
Hydril Pressure Control SASU
Dakar
Senegal
100
Baker Hughes Drilling Asia Pte Ltd
Singapore
Singapore
100
Hydril PCB Limited
Aberdeen
UK
100
Hydril USA Distribution LLC
Houston
USA
100
Other companies
Electrical Subsea & Drilling AS 2)
Straume
Norway
20
The ultimate parent company of HMH is HMH Holding B.V. The ownership equals the percentage of voting shares, if not stated otherwise.
For information about other investments in the group, refer to Note 6.3 Equity-accounted investees.
1) The other shareholder of
MHWirth Gas & Oilfield Equipment & Services LLC is not active, has no right for dividend or appoint the board of directors. HMH
considers to have full control of the company and consolidated in HMH without non-controlling interests.
2) Associated company
Step Oiltools B.V was sold from MHWirth AS to Akastor AS prior to the formation of HMH under which MHWirth AS has a seller’s credit note against Akastor AS of 
USD 16,4 million. As part of the agreement, there is a locked-box interest of 8% p.a. calculated on the Share Consideration from the date of the Carve-in-agreement 
until completion.
The completion of the Carve-in agreement is conditional upon Akastor/Step receiving the relevant regulatory approvals for re-transferring Step back to the Company. 
The seller credit expires as soon as the regulatory approval is received, and at the latest of 31. March 2023.
However, even when HMH bears the economic risk and benefit for the period between signing and closing, HMH does not consider to have control over the entity
and Step Oiltools B.V is not consolidated in HMH.
37
37

--- Page 220 ---
6.3 Equity-accounted investees
Amounts in USD thousands 
2021
Share of profit (loss) reported in Financial items
63
                           
Carrying amount of investments
186
                         
Amounts in USD thousands 
2021
Carrying value at April 28
-
                         
Acquired as a part of business combination
124
                         
Profit and loss for the period
63
                           
Exchange rate adjustment
-2
                           
Adjustments December 31
-
                         
Carrying amount at December 31
186
                         
Equity-accounted investees include joint ventures and associates. See note 7.3 Related parties for overview of transactions and balances with joint ventures and
associates, and any guarantees provided on behalf of or from such entities.
The groups interest is accounted for using the equity method in the consolidated financial statements.
Carrying amount of investments consists of an investment of USD 183 thousand in Electrical Subsea & Drilling AS (20%-ownership) and other smaller investments
in Hydril USA Distribution LLC and Baker Hughes Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd.
38
38

--- Page 221 ---
Section 7 - Other disclosures
7.1 Other non-current liabilities
Amounts in USD thousands 
31.12.2021
Welfare and support fund
                      2 335 
Other non-current liabilities
                         561 
Total other non-current liabilities 
                      2 896 
7.2 Provisions
Amounts in USD thousands 
31.12.2021
Provision, current
                    14 206 
Provision, non-current
                      5 288 
Total provisions
                    19 494 
Development of significant provisions
Amounts in USD thousands 
Warranties
Restructuring
Other 
Total
Balance as of April 28, 2021
-
                                        
-
                            
-
                      
-
                          
Acquisition through business combinations
7 911
                                    
1 792
                         
6 528
                  
16 231
                    
Provision provided during the period
1 054
                                    
52
                              
3 207
                  
4 313
                      
Provision utilized during the period
-381
                                      
-139
                           
-
                      
-520
                        
Provisions reversed during the period
-442
                                      
-
                            
166
                      
-276
                        
Currency translation differences
-78
                                        
16
                              
-191
                    
-253
                        
Balance as of December 31, 2021
8 064
                                    
1 722
                         
9 709
                  
19 495
                    
Expected timing of payment
Within the next twelve months
6 813
                                    
276
                           
7 119
                  
14 207
                    
After the next twelve months
1 252
                                    
1 446
                         
2 590
                  
5 288
                      
Total
8 064
                                    
1 722
                         
9 709
                  
19 495
                    
Welfare and support fund
The main purpose of this fund is to serve future indirect pension obligations.
Warranties
The provision for warranties relates mainly to the possibility that HMH Group, based on contractual agreements, needs to perform guarantee work related to products
and services delivered to customers. Warranty provision is presented as current as it is expected to be settled in the group’s normal operating cycle. See Note 1.3
Significant accounting estimates and judgments for further descriptions.
Restructuring
Restructuring mainly relates to significant workforce reduction and reorganization in MHWirth due to the challenging rig market. The provision includes provision for
vacant office premises after the workforce reduction and is estimated based on the detailed restructuring plans for the businesses and locations affected.
Other provisions
Provisions in Hydril USA Distribution LLC was:
- USD 4 million environmental reserve for estimated remediation costs for two plants.
- USD 2 million other provisions
Remaining USD 3 million is other provisions in the Group.
39

--- Page 222 ---
7.3 Related party transactions
Summary of transactions and balances with significant related parties
Amounts in USD thousands 
Akastor entities
Baker-Hughes entities
Parents
Total
Period April 28, 2021 - December 31, 2021
Income statement
Revenue
-
                                   
                                    692                                        -   
692
                            
Operation expenses
-
                                   
                               -4 340                                        -   
-4 340
                         
Net financial items
-400
                                 
                                       -                                 -1 600 
-2 000
                         
As at December 31, 2021
Assets (liabilities)
Finance lease receivables
11
                                     
                                       -                                          -   
11
                              
Interest-bearing receivables
16 355
                              
                                       -                                          -   
16 355
                        
Trade receivables
130
                                   
                                 3 490                                        -   
3 620
                          
Trade payables
-
                                   
                             -11 817                                        -   
-11 817
                       
Borrowings / shareholder loans
-20 400
                            
                             -81 600                                        -   
-102 000
                     
Receivables carved-out pension 
27 900
                              
                                       -                                          -   
27 900
                        
Related party relationships are those involving control (either direct or indirect), joint control or significant influence. Related parties are in a position to enter into
transactions with the company that would not be undertaken between unrelated parties. All transactions with related parties to HMH Holding B.V. have been based on
arm’s length terms.
HMH Holding B.V. is a parent company with control of around 25 companies around the world. These subsidiaries are listed in note 6.2 Group companies. Any
transactions between the parent company and the subsidiaries are shown line by line in the separate financial statements of the parent company, and are eliminated
in the consolidated financial statements.
Associates are accounted for using the equity method, see note 6.3 Equity-accounted investees. Transactions between the group and these entities are shown in the
table below.
Remunerations and transactions with directors and executive officers are summarized in note 7.4 Management remunerations.
HMH Group with its parent company HMH Holding B.V. , is a joint venture by Akastor and Baker Hughes. The shareholders are Baker Hughes Holdings LLC (50%),
Akastor AS (25%), and Mercury HoldCo Inc (25%). For equity transaction with parents, refer to Note 4.7
Related parties for the HMH Group are the shareholders and the entities in the Akastor group and Baker Hughes group.
Related party transactions
Akastor
•
Akastor has provided a shareholder loan to HMH of total USD 20 million. This is a long-term loan provided to finance the Groups operating and finance activities
•
Akastor has provided a seller's credit for Step Oiltools of USD 16.4 million related to carve-out of Step Oiltools prior to the merger.
•
In relation to the merger, there were performed a carve-out of pension liabilities in MHWirth AS - asset in HMH Holding B.V against Akastor AS.
•
As part of the merger, Akastor is responsible for the pension liability from before the merger. Hence, HMH has a receivable of USD 27,9 mill receivable towards
Akastor
Baker Hughes
•
Baker Hughes has provided a shareholder loan to HMH of total USD 82 million. This is a long-term loan provided to finance the Groups operating and finance
activities.
•
Between HMH and Baker Hughes there exist a transaction service agreement (TSA). Operating expense for HMH related to this agreement was USD 4.3 million.
40
40

--- Page 223 ---
7.4 Management remuneration
7.5 Subsequent events
Board of directors
The board of directors did not receive any other fees than those disclosed below. The members of the board of directors have no agreements that entitle them to any
extraordinary remuneration.
The fees disclosed below represent expenses recognized in the income statement based on assumptions about fees to be approved at the general assembly rather
than actual payments made in the year.
Supervisory Board and Audit Committee
The board of directors constitute also as Audit Committee
Policy on remuneration to the members of the executive management
As of December 31, 2021, the executive management of HMH Holding comprised of CEO Merrill A. Miller Jr, CFO Thomas McGee, GC/CAO Dwight Rettig, Eirik
Bergsvik (President Equipment and System Solution) and Chuck Chauviere (President Pressure Control Systems).
All personnel except Dwight Rettig were
employees of the company with terms and conditions of employment consistent with industry standards. Dwight Rettig was a contractor.
Compensation to the executive management has a fixed element which includes a base salary which, pursuant to the company’s benchmarking, is competitive with
other comparable companies. In addition, the executive management has variable remuneration based upon the performance of the company.
All variable
compensation is subject to caps.
In 2021, the executive management received a short-term (regular) benefits of USD 0.68 thousand. No other remuneration has been paid to the executive
management in 2021.
The board of directors received no remuneration in 2021.
Benefits
The executive management participates in the standard employee, pension and insurance plan applicable to all employees in the company. No executive personnel in
HMH have performance-based pension plans and there are no current loans, prepayments or other forms of credit from the company to its executive management.
HMH has no share-based payments to the Executive management or to the Board of Directors.
Directors’ and executive management’s shareholding
Directors and the members of the executive management has no share in HMH Group as of December 31, 2021.
Non-adjusting events
The situation in Ukraine
February 2022, Russian armed forces invaded Ukraine. HMH has no employees in Ukraine or Russia. In 2022, HMH have two minor deliveries ongoing in Ukraine and
Russia which is put on hold until circumstances are acceptable for further operations. Management is handling this event and its development proactively, including
sanctions and indirect impacts, and are taking actions to mitigate its effect on supply chain and other associated risks.
Conversion of bridge loan
HMH has a facility agreement with a bank consortium including USD 150 million Bridge Facility, USD 80 million Multicurrency Revolving Credit Facility and USD 70
million Term loan facility. The bridge loan of USD 150 million had a termination date February 26, 2022.
The bridge loan was refinanced with a Bond loan the 16th of February 2022. The terms for the Bond loan are 7% margin + LIBOR (Libor01 published by Reuters) and
has a maturity date February 10, 2025.
Cancellation of Valaris 20K-Contract
The backers of the 20K development driving this project order from Valaris were Equinor and Total Energies. Earlier in 2022, Total Energies exited its involvement
leaving Equinor to seek out a new partner. While that remains a possibility, potential partners informed Equinor it would make sense to cancel the existing agreements
including the one related to the Valaris 20K project as any new partner would need to re-baseline with Equinor. HMH was protected financially through a time-based
cancellation clause resulting in a positive financial impact on the contract of approx.USD 19-20 million in contribution margin accounted for in 2022. The cancellation
did not have any negative impact on operation or other negative consequences.
41
41

--- Page 224 ---
KPMG AS 
Sørkedalsveien 6  
Postboks 7000 Majorstuen  
0306 Oslo  
Telephone +47 45 40 40 63 
Fax  
Internet www.kpmg.no 
Enterprise 935 174 627 MVA 
 
To the Board of Directors of HMH Holding B.V. 
Independent Auditor’s Report 
Report on the Audit of the special purpose Financial Statements 
Opinion 
We have audited the consolidated financial statements for the period from 28 April 2021 to                 
31 December 2021 of HMH Holding B.V. (“the Group”), which comprise the consolidated statement of 
financial position as at 31 December 2021, the consolidated income statement, the consolidated 
statement of comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of cash flow and the consolidated 
statements of changes in equity the period then ended, and notes, comprising significant accounting 
policies and other explanatory information.  
In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the 
consolidated financial position of the Group as at 31 December 2021, and of its consolidated financial 
performance and its consolidated cash flows for the period then ended in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union (IFRS).  
Basis for Opinion 
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISAs). Our 
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditors’ Responsibilities for the 
Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the 
Group as required by laws and regulations in Norway and the International Ethics Standards Board for 
Accountants’ International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International 
Independence Standards) (IESBA Code), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in 
accordance with these requirements. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient 
and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. 
Responsibilities of the Board of Directors for the Consolidated Financial Statements 
The Board of Directors are responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated 
financial statements in accordance with IFRS, and for such internal control as management determines 
is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material 
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.  
In preparing the consolidated financial statements the Board of Directors are responsible for assessing 
the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going 
concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate 
the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.  
 
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements 
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements 
as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors’ 
report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a 
guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect a material misstatement 
when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually 
or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users 
taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements. 
As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain 
professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

--- Page 225 ---
Independent Auditor's Report - HMH Holding B.V. 
 
 
2 
 
 
• 
Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial 
statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to 
those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for 
our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher 
than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, 
misrepresentations, or the override of internal control. 
• 
Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit 
procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an 
opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.  
• 
Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of 
accounting estimates and related disclosures made by management.  
• 
Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of 
accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists 
related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to 
continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required 
to draw attention in our auditors’ report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial 
statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are 
based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditors’ report. However, future 
events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern. 
• 
Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial 
statements, including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements 
represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation. 
• 
Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities 
or business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial 
statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group 
audit.  We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion. 
We communicate with the Board of Directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and 
timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control 
that we identify during our audit 
 
Other matter 
This auditor’s report is issued for the purpose of reporting on our audit of the consolidated financial 
statements as at 31 December 2021 and for the period from 28 April 2021 to 31 December 2021, for 
the purpose of HMH Holding B.V.`s listing of a bond loan on Oslo Børs. The purpose of these special 
purpose consolidated financial statements is described in the notes, section 1.1 General information – 
basis for preparation.  
 
 
Oslo, 7 September 2022 
KPMG AS 
 
 
 
Vegard Tangerud 
State Authorised Public Accountant

--- Page 226 ---
HMH Holding B.V. including subsidiaries
Unaudited
Interim condensed financial information 
June 30, 2022

--- Page 227 ---
2022 HMH 
 
Business Overview 
 
Revenues and Orders 
Revenues rose 27% on a year over year basis and 29% in a quarter over quarter basis.  These results were 
positively impacted by the termination of the Valaris 20k BOP project.  Aftermarket orders intact and 
remained strong for the second consecutive quarter, highlighting the tailwinds in the offshore industry from 
higher crude prices and higher day rates for our customers.  As further reactivations are announced and 
implemented in the second half, HMH holds an optimistic view for 2023.  While we see limited interest in new 
projects, we are seeing strong interest for products, including offshore, land and non-oil and gas products.  
The GMGS project continues to progress according to plan. 
 
EBITDA and Cash Flow 
EBITDA was up substantially on a year over year and quarter over quarter basis, driven partially by a 
termination fee from Valaris.  Absent that termination, HMH would have still reported higher EBITDA than Q2 
of 2021.  Free cash flow was negative with $7 million, driven by working capital movements within our project 
segment. The aftermarket segment of HMH exhibits very steady working capital performance while the 
project segment demonstrates greater volatility due to the timing of payment to us and outflows to key 
vendors.   
 
Integration Progress and Expense 
HMH has continued to integrate the businesses and build out an independent team from our respective 
parents. The company has spent and will continue to spend significant amounts to implement an ERP 
system for the PCS business as we complete the carveout from Baker Hughes.  After that is complete in the 
third quarter, the company will shift its focus to unifying the ERP system by migrating the ESS business onto 
the new system.  This will greatly enhance our reporting capabilities as we prepare to be able to meet US 
public company reporting standards.  Other key integration initiatives involve combining a few smaller 
product lines, integration of foreign service operations, and unification of compensation plans. 
 
Capital Structure 
HMH continued to amortize its term loan per the agreed schedule with the banks.  We now have 204 million 
USD of interest-bearing debt, with an undrawn $80 million RCF.  With $63 million of cash on the balance 
sheet, we have $141 million of net debt.  This allows us to stay well within all covenant requirements for 
Minimum Liquidity, Gearing Ratio and Interest Coverage Ratio.  While the company continuously evaluates 
the state of the capital markets, we expect to continue amortizing the term loan. 
 
Growth 
The Company continues to look to expand current product offerings in new areas, while also looking at a 
wide variety of M&A opportunities.  As a top priority, we are looking to expand our land capabilities.  Our 
Bronco (land parts business) continues to grow as US rig count increases. Furthermore, we continue to 
explore other oil and gas capital equipment segments.  Finally, we have both organic and inorganic initiatives 
aimed at increasing our non-oil and gas businesses. 
 
Amsterdam, August 30, 2022 
 
_______________________  
Thomas McGee 
(Chief Financial Officer)

--- Page 228 ---
Table of Content 
 
Unaudited condensed interim income statement 
 
 
 
4 
Unaudited condensed interim statement of comprehensive income 
 
5 
Unaudited condensed interim statement of financial position  
 
6 
Unaudited condensed interim statement of cashflow 
 
 
 
8 
Unaudited condensed interim statement of change in equity 
 
 
9 
 
 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement 
 
Section 1 – Background 
1.1 Corporate information 
 
 
 
 
 
 
10 
1.2 Basis of preparation 
 
 
 
 
 
 
10 
 
Section 2 – Operating performance 
2.1 Revenue from contracts with customers 
 
 
 
 
11 
2.2 Segments  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
12

--- Page 229 ---
Unaudited condensed interim income statement  
Second quarter
First half year
Amounts in USD thousands
Notes
2022
2022
Revenue and other income
2.1
181,201
              
322,107
           
           169,736 
Materials, goods and services
40,648
                 
60,054
              
              67,361 
Salaries, wages and social security costs
46,588
                 
90,144
              
              46,303 
Other operating expenses
71,032
                 
140,975
           
              22,883 
Operating expenses
158,268
              
291,173
           
136,547
           
Operating profit before depreciation, amortization and impairment
22,934
                 
30,934
              
33,189
              
Depreciation and amortization
11,703
                 
23,393
              
              12,662 
Impairment
-
                      
-
                   
                1,587 
Operating profit / loss(-)
11,231
                 
7,541
                
18,941
              
Finance income
3,964
                   
5,544
                
                4,111 
Finance expenses
-14,255
               
-24,021
            
            -18,602 
Profit / loss(-) from equity-accounted investees 
-257
                    
168
                   
                     63 
Net finance expenses
-10,548
               
-18,308
            
-14,428
            
Profit / loss(-) before tax 
683
                      
-10,767
            
4,512
                
Income tax expense (income)
4,603
                   
5,620
                
                4,428 
Profit (loss) from continuing operations
-3,921
                 
-16,387
            
3,308
                
Net profit (loss) from discontinued operations
-812
                    
-1,622
              
              -3,224 
Profit / loss(-) for the period
-4,732
                 
-18,009
            
84
                     
Profit attributable to:
Equity holders of the parent
                 -4,732             -18,009                      84 
28.04. - 
31.12.2021

--- Page 230 ---
Unaudited condensed interim statement of comprehensive income
 
Second quarter First half year
Amounts in USD thousands
Notes
2022
2022
Profit (loss) for the period 
-4,732
              
-18,009
           
84
                   
Other comprehensive income
Cash flow hedges, gross amount
-3,632
              
-7,264
             
              1,329 
Cash flow hedges, tax effect
726
                   
1,453
               
                -266 
Total change in hedging reserve, net of tax
              -2,906              -5,811               1,063 
Currency translation differences - foreign operations
814
                   
1,627
               
              9,351 
Total items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss, net of tax 
              -2,092              -4,184             10,415 
Remeasurement gain (loss) net defined benefit liability
-254
                 
-509
                
             -1,018 
Deferred tax of remeasurement gain (loss) net defined benefit liability 
70
                     
140
                  
                 281 
Total items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss, net of tax
                 -184                 -368                 -737 
Total other comprehensive income / loss(-) for the period, net of tax
              -2,276              -4,552               9,678 
Total comprehensive income / loss(-)
              -7,009            -22,561               9,762 
Total comprehensive income / loss(-) attributable to:
Equity holders of the parent
              -7,009            -22,561               9,762 
28.04. - 
31.12.2021

--- Page 231 ---
Unaudited condensed interim statement of financial position 
USD thousands
Notes
30/06/2022
31/12/2021
ASSETS
Non-current assets
Deferred tax assets
34,413
                       
                        38,750 
Property, plant and equipment
220,110
                     
                      228,233 
Other Intangible assets
155,617
                     
                      173,338 
Right-of-use assets
36,035
                       
                        41,588 
Goodwill
286,855
                     
                      281,035 
Equity-accounted investees
483
                             
                             186 
Other investments
12
                               
                               39 
Other non-current assets
86
                               
                             346 
Total non-current assets
733,611
                     
                      763,514 
Current assets
Prepaid company tax
950
                             
                                - 
Inventories
145,168
                     
                      156,932 
Trade receivables and other current assets
263,472
                     
                      240,789 
Derivative financial instruments
5,208
                         
                          7,104 
Current financial assets
44,997
                       
                        44,295 
Cash and cash equivalents
63,118
                       
                        91,725 
Assets held for sale
3,240
                         
                                - 
Total current assets
526,153
                     
540,845
                     
TOTAL ASSETS
1,259,764
                  
                   1,304,359

--- Page 232 ---
Unaudited condensed interim statement of financial position 
USD thousands
Notes
30.06.2022
31.12.2021
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Equity
Share capital
0
                                 
                                 0 
Share premium
600,000
                     
                      600,000 
Other equity
5,919
-                         
                         -1,367 
Retained earnings 
17,924
-                       
                               84 
Total equity
                      576,157                       598,718 
Non-current liabilities
Non-current borrowings
253,929
                     
                      169,742 
Non-current lease liabilities
28,456
                       
                        33,041 
Employee benefit obligations
23,882
                       
                        26,627 
Deferred tax liabilities
23,279
                       
                        25,863 
Non-current provisions
1,091
                         
                          5,288 
Other non-current liabilities
54,203
                       
                          2,896 
Total non-current liabilities
                      384,839                       263,457 
Current liabilities
Current borrowings
4,499
                         
                      149,874 
Current lease liabilities
9,422
                         
                        10,207 
Current tax liabilities
7,729
                         
                          5,988 
Current provisions
17,377
                       
                        18,206 
Trade payables and other current liabilities
244,996
                     
                      251,914 
Derivative financial instruments
11,302
                       
                          5,996 
Liabilities directly associated with the assets held for sale
3,443
                         
                                - 
Total current liabilities
                      298,768                       442,184 
Total liabilities
                      683,607                       705,641 
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
                   1,259,764                    1,304,359 
Amsterdam, August 30, 2022
_______________________
Thomas McGee
(chief financial officer)
1) Assets and liabilities held for sale consist of Frontica Engineering AS

--- Page 233 ---
Unaudited condensed interim statement of cash flows
Second quarter
First half
Amounts in USD thousands
Notes
2022
2022
Cash flow from operating activities
Profit (loss) before tax from continuing operations
                      683                -10,767                    8,542 
Profit (loss) before tax from discontinued operations
                    -908                  -1,731                  -4,030 
Profit (loss) before tax
225
-                     
               -12,498                    4,512 
Adjustments for:
Net finance income and expenses
                 10,291                  18,476                  14,492 
Depreciation, amortization and impairment
                 11,703                  23,393                  14,248 
(Gain) loss on disposal of assets
                      -92                     -111                       -21 
(Profit) loss from equity-accounted investees
                      257                     -168                       -63 
                 21,934                  29,093                  33,168 
Changes in working capital:
Decrease/(increase) in trade receivables and other current assets
                 -3,093                -20,786                -80,902 
Increase/(decrease) in inventories
                 -1,051                  11,764                    7,571 
Increase/(decrease) in trade payables and other liabilities
                   2,655                  -2,441                  46,920 
Other changes
                 -8,258                  -8,367                  19,469 
                 -9,746                -19,830                  -6,941 
Interest paid
                 -3,834                  -8,447                     -185 
Interest paid for leases
                    -549                  -1,147                     -601 
Interest received
                      537                       973                       393 
Income taxes paid
                 -1,915                  -2,018 
                         - 
Net cash from operating activities
                   6,427                  -1,376                  25,834 
Cash flow from investing activities
Purchase of property, plant and equipment
                    -560                  -1,169                  -1,550 
Payments for capitalized development expenses
                    -402                     -608                     -306 
Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment
                        94                       113                         21 
Acquisition of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired
                         -                            -                -146,977 
Net cash flow from investing activities
                    -868                  -1,664              -148,811 
Cash flow from financing activities
Proceeds from borrowing
                         -                 150,000               220,000 
Payment of borrowing
                 -7,778              -165,556 
-
                      
Payment of borrowing cost
                    -308                  -3,591                  -2,385 
Payment of lease liabilities
                 -1,409                  -3,208                  -1,743 
Net cash flow from financing activities
                 -9,495                -22,354               215,872 
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and bank deposits
                 -3,512                  -3,212                  -1,169 
Net increase (decrease) in cash and bank deposits
                 -7,448                -28,607                  91,725 
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period
                 70,566                  91,725 
                         - 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period
                 63,118                  63,118                  91,725 
28.04. - 
31.12.2021

--- Page 235 ---
Section 1 - Background
Note 1 General information
1.1
Corporate information
1.2
Basis of preparation
HMH (the group) consist of HMH Holding B.V. and its subsidiaries. HMH Holding B.V. is a limited liability company that was incorporated
and domiciled in the Netherlands on the April 28, 2021. The registered office is located at Amstelveenseweg 500, 1081KL Amsterdam,
Netherlands.
The HMH group was established with effect from October 1, 2021, through the parent company’s acquisition of all shares in MHWirth AS
from Akastor ASA and the Subsea Drilling System business from Baker Hughes.
HMH is a leading global provider of full-service offshore and onshore drilling equipment offering that provides our customers with a broad
portfolio of products and services that are designed to be safer and more efficient.
This special purpose interim condensed financial information for the three and six months ended June 30, 2022 has been prepared in
accordance with the accounting principles of IFRS and IAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting, except for the complete set of disclosures and
required periods. The Interim report does not include all of the information and disclosure required for a complete set of annual
consolidated financial statements, should be read in conjunction with HMH's Annual Report 2021. The accounting policies applied in this
Interim Report are the same as those applied in the group's consolidated financial statement for the year ended December 31, 2021.
As the group was established as at October 1, 2021, the Interim report does not disclose comparatives for three and six months ended
period. There were no significant transactions in HMH Holding BV before establishment of the HMH group.
The half-year report is unaudited.

--- Page 236 ---
Section 2 - Operating performance
Note 2.1 - Revenue from contracts with customers
Revenue types
Second quarter
First half year
Amounts in USD thousands
2022
2022
Revenue from contract with customers
179,511
                   
320,416
                   
169,571
                   
Other revenue and income
Lease revenue
239
                          
239
                          
144
                          
Other income
1,340
                       
1,340
                       
-
                           
Gain on disposal of fixed assets
111
                       
111
                       
21
                          
Total revenue and other income
181,201
                   
322,107
                   
169,736
                   
Second quarter 2022
Amounts in USD thousands
ESS
PCS
Total
Major contract/revenue types
Construction revenue
59,350
                     
62,874
                     
                   122,224 
Service revenue
21,842
                     
20,691
                     
                     42,533 
Sale of products
14,754
                     
-
                           
                     14,754 
Total revenue from contracts with customer
                     95,946                      83,566                    179,511 
Timing of revenue recognition 
Transferred over time
81,191
                     
83,566
                     
                   164,757 
Transferred at point in time
14,754
                     
-
                           
                     14,754 
Total revenue from contracts with customer
                     95,946                      83,566                    179,511 
First half year 2022
Amounts in USD thousands
ESS
PCS
Total
Major contract/revenue types
Construction revenue
77,054
                     
97,880
                     
                   174,934 
Service revenue
53,139
                     
44,098
                     
                     97,237 
Sale of products
48,245
                     
-
                           
                     48,245 
Total revenue from contracts with customer
                   178,438                    141,978                    320,416 
Timing of revenue recognition 
Transferred over time
130,193
                   
141,978
                   
                   272,171 
Transferred at point in time
48,245
                     
-
                           
                     48,245 
Total revenue from contracts with customer
                   178,438                    141,978                    320,416 
Other revenue and income
                       1,690 
28.04. - 31.12.2021
Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers
Revenue from contracts with customer is disaggregated in the following table by major contract and revenue types and timing of

--- Page 237 ---
Note 2.2 - Operating segments
Second quarter 2022
Amounts in USD thousands
ESS
PCS
Total 
operating 
segments
Eliminations Headquarter
Total HMH
Income statement
 
External revenue and other income
96,891
        
81,968
        
178,858
       
-
                  
2,343
             
181,201
       
Inter-segment revenue
1,067
          
857
             
1,924
           
-1,924
             
-
                 
-
               
 
Total revenue and other income 
97,958
        
82,825
        
180,782
       
-1,924
             
2,343
             
181,201
       
Operating profit before interest, depreciation, 
amortization and impairment (EBITDA)
10,561
        
17,312
        
27,874
         
-
                  
-4,940
            
22,934
         
Depreciation and amortization
-3,487
         
-7,138
         
-10,625
       
-
                  
-1,078
            
-11,703
        
Impairment
-
              
-
              
-
               
-
                  
-
                 
-
               
Net finance income/expense
-3,170
         
72
               
-3,098
          
-
                  
-7,193
            
-10,291
        
Share of profit (loss) of equity-accounted investees
-257
            
-
              
-257
             
-
                  
-
                 
-257
             
Operating profit / loss(-) (EBT)
3,648
          
10,247
        
13,894
         
-
                  
-13,212
          
683
               
Firs half year 2022
Amounts in USD thousands
ESS
PCS
 Total 
operating 
segments  Eliminations   Headquarter 
 Total HMH 
Income statement
 
External revenue and other income
179,803
      
139,953
      
319,756
       
-
                  
2,351
             
322,107
       
Inter-segment revenue
1,710
          
2,536
          
4,246
           
-4,246
             
-
                 
-
               
 
Total revenue and other income 
181,513
      
142,488
      
324,001
       
-4,246
             
2,351
             
322,107
       
Operating profit before interest, depreciation, 
amortization and impairment (EBITDA)
13,876
        
24,281
        
38,157
         
-
                  
-7,223
            
30,934
         
Depreciation and amortization
-7,130
         
-14,117
       
-21,247
       
-
                  
-2,147
            
-23,393
        
Impairment
-
              
-
              
-
               
-
                  
-
                 
-
               
Net finance income/expense
-5,449
         
75
               
-5,375
          
-
                  
-13,102
          
-18,476
        
Share of profit (loss) of equity-accounted investees
168
             
-
              
168
              
-
                  
-
                 
168
               
Operating profit / loss(-) (EBT)
1,466
          
10,239
        
11,704
         
-
                  
-22,471
          
-10,767
        
HMH identifies its reportable segments and disclose segment information under IFRS 8 Operation Segments. See note 2.2 Operating
Segments in HMH's Annual Report 2021 for description of HMH's management model and operating segments as well as accounting
principles used for segments reporting.

--- Page 337 ---
Registration number: 01418491 
Hydril PCB Limited 
Annual Report and Financial Statements 
For the Year Ended 31 December 2021

--- Page 338 ---
Hydril PCB Limited 
Contents 
Strategic Report 
Directors' Report 
Statement of Directors' Responsibilities 
Independent Auditor's report to the Members ofHydril PCB Limited 
Profit and Loss Account and Other Comprehensive Income 
Balance Sheet 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
Cash flow 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
Page 
3 
6 
7 
8 
12 
13 
14 
15 
16

--- Page 339 ---
Hydril PCB Limited 
Strategic Report 
The directors present their strategic report for the year ended 31 December 2021. 
Business Review 
The profit for the year, after taxation, amounted to£ l 0,619,000, (2020: profit£ 14,704,000) on turnover of £26,338,000 
(2020: £32,633,000) in the year. 
Market leading product development ensures that the company is involved in new and emerging programs in its chosen 
fields of expertise of repair and rectification of original equipment manufacturer (OEM) supplied drilling and well 
control equipment and sale of component parts. The future economic outlook for the oil & gas sector is mixed with 
fluctuations in the oil price expected, as a result of increased supply and reduced demand which will have a knock on 
effect on the demand for the company's products and services in the coming years. 
Effective l st October 2021, the company became a subsidiary of MH Wirth UK Limited, after transfer of its' shares 
from Hydril Pressure Control Business Limited. This resulted in the creation ofa new joint venture between Akastor 
ASA and Baker Hughes Holdings LLC. 
Principal risks and uncertainties 
The key risks faced by the company include: 
a) General economic environment 
The general economic environment influences the sale of our products to customers. Reductions in demand for oil and 
gas as a result of changes in the economy have a knock on effect on demand for the company's products and services. 
b) Actions of competitors 
The company operates in highly competitive markets. Product innovations or technical advances by competitors could 
adversely affect the company. The diversity of operations reduces the possible effect of action by any single 
competitor. 
c) Foreign currency risk 
The company deals in multiple currencies which can cause foreign exchange risk. There is a risk that there may be an 
adverse movement in the exchange rate of the transaction currency in relation to the functional currency before the 
date when the transaction is completed. 
d) Effect of legislation or other regulatory action 
The company is subject to a broad range of laws, regulations and standards in each of the jurisdictions in which it 
operates. Unexpected changes in these laws or regulations could significantly impair performance; equally, a failure 
to comply with these laws, regulations or standards could damage the reputation of the company. 
e) Raw material prices 
The company's products contain various raw materials or purchased components. Any increases or volatility in prices 
and shortages in supply can affect the company's performance. The diversity of operations reduces the dependence on 
any single item or supplier. Purchasing policies take into account and seek to mitigate such risks where practicable. 
t) Credit 
Credit risk is derived from cash, extension of credit and liquidity of the company which are solely managed by the 
ultimate parent company. 
3

--- Page 340 ---
Hydril PCB Limited 
Strategic Report ( continued) 
g) Economic risk 
At the date of signing this report, the UK is experiencing and expected to continue to experience high inflation as a 
consequence of the global impact of the situation in Ukraine. The directors continue to closely monitor and review 
potential risk to the company from the longer tenn effects of increased costs. 
h) Climate change 
The Company has proactively worked to reduce greenhouse gas emissions over the last decade and continues efforts 
to reduce its overall environmental footprint by using materials wisely and preserving land, water, and air quality 
i) COVID-19 
The emergence and spread of the coronavirus (COVID-19) in 2020 and 2021 has affected business and economic 
activity globally. The directors continue to assess and monitor the potential impact of the virus and review the potential 
risks to the company. 
Risk factors being considered by the directors, include, but are not limited to: 
• 
avai I ability of workforce due to self-isolation, 
• 
delays in deliveries to sites leading to gaps in production, 
• 
delays in customer acceptance due to limited availability of personnel, 
• 
delays in delivery of products to customer, 
• 
impact of global Government measures to control the virus, including lockdown situations that could 
impact the supply chain, and 
• 
potential for customers to cancel future projects. 
The company is in continuous engagement with its customers and has implemented additional monitoring of customer 
and debtor situations for indicators of risk. 
The oil and gas industry is explicitly identified as critical by the UK and Scottish governments and as such where 
employees cannot work from home and are identified as critical workers then they continue to work as nonnal to meet 
our customer obligations. 
j) Going concern 
For the purposes of the directors' assessment of the company's going concern position and to satisfy them of the 
company's ability to pay its liabilities as they fall due, the directors have prepared a cash flow forecasts for the period 
to 31 December 2023. The company has been profitable and cash generative. This has continued in 2022 up to the date 
of issue of these financial statements. The Company's forecasts indicate that it will remain cash generative over the 
going concern forecast period, and will be able to meet its financial obligations as they fall due without requiring new 
finance. 
These forecasts indicate that, after taking account of severe but plausible downsides, including the impact of the 
COVID-19 pandemic which may delay customer orders and cash receipts, the company's existing resources are 
sufficient to enable it to trade and pay its liabilities as they fall due for the forecast period. 
Consequently, the directors are confident that the company will have sufficient funds to continue to meet its liabilities 
as they fall due for at least 12 months from the date of approval of the financial statements and therefore have prepared 
the financial statements on a going concern basis. 
4

--- Page 341 ---
Hydril PCB Limited 
Strategic Report (continued) 
Financial key performance indicators 
Perfonnance during lhe year is set out in lhe table below: 
Turnover 
Gross profit percentage 
2021 
£'000 
26,338 
57.44% 
2020 
£'000 
32,633 
57.90% 
The company has seen a decrease in turnover during the year, due to a de~ase in sales of goods. Turnover rclatini lo 
services has increased mar&inally compared lo the prior year. Although revenue has decreased overall the company 
continues to deliver a strong gross profit margin and profit for the year. 
Approved by the Board on 3\ ~\2022 and signed on its behalf by: 
.... ~ 
~~\~ '=>«-"'--rrotl 
Director 
s

--- Page 342 ---
Hydril PCB Limited 
Directors' Report 
The directors present their report and the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021. 
Principal activity 
The principal activity of the company is 1he repair and rectification of OEM supplied drilling and welt control 
equipment, sale of component parts and provision of service technicians to customer site. 
Results and dividends 
The profit for the year, after taxation, amounted to£ I 0,619,000 (2020: profit£ 14,704,000). 
On 16 September 2021, a dividend of £75,000,000 (2020: nil) was declared and paid to its parent Hydril Pressure 
Control Business Limited. 
Directors of the company 
The directors who held office during the year and up to the directors' report were as follows: 
A M C Sloan (resigned 31 December 2021) 
Erica Salvadori (resigned 31 October 2021) 
David Bratton (appointed 31 December 2021) 
Eugene Chauvierc 111 (appointed 31 December 2021) 
James Connelly (appointed 31 December 2021) 
Directors' Indemnities 
One or more of the directors have benefited from qualifying third party indemnity provisions in place during the 
financial year and subject lo the conditions set out in section 234 of the Companies Act 2006. Such qualifying third 
party indemnity provisions remnin in force as at date of approving in the directors' report. 
Disclosure of inrormallon to the auditor 
Each director has taken steps that they ought to have taken as a director in order to make themselves aware of any 
relevant audit infonnation and to establish that the company's auditor is aware of that infonnation. The directors 
confinn thnl there is no relevanl infonnation that they know of and of which they know the auditor is unaware. 
Reappointment or auditors 
The auditor, KPMG LLP, is deemed to be reappointed under section 487(2) of the Companies Act 2006. 
Approved by the Board on ~I August 2022 and signed on its behalf by: 
David Bratton 
Director 
6

--- Page 343 ---
Hydril PCB Limited 
Statement of Directors' Responsibilities 
The directors are responsible for preparing the Strategic Report and Directors' Report and the financial statements in 
accordance with applicable law and regulations. 
Company law requires the directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under that law the directors 
have elected to prepare the financial statements in accordance with United Kingdom Accounting Standards and 
applicable law (United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting Practice) including FRS 101 'Reduced Disclosure 
Framework' ('FRS 101'). 
Under company law the directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they give a 
true and fair view of the state of affairs of the company and of the profit or loss of the company for that period. In 
preparing these financial statements, the directors are required to: 
• 
select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently; 
• 
make judgements and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; 
• 
state whether applicable UK accounting standards have been followed, subject to any material departures 
disclosed and explained in the financial statements; 
• 
assess the company's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing as applicable, matters related to going 
concern; and 
• 
use the going concern basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the company or to cease operations, 
or have no realistic alternative but to do so. 
The directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the 
company's transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the company and 
enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the Companies Act 2006. They are responsible for 
such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from 
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and have general responsibility for taking such steps as are 
reasonably open to them to safeguard the assets of the company and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities. 
1

--- Page 344 ---
Independent Auditor's Report to the Members of Hydril PCB 
Limited 
Opinion 
We have audited the financial statements of Hydril PCB Limited ("the company") for the year ended 31 December 
2021 which comprise the Profit and Loss Account and Other Comprehensive Income, Balance Sheet, Statement of 
Changes in Equity, Cash Flow Statement and related notes, including the accounting policies in note 2. 
In our opinion the financial statements: 
• 
give a true and fair view of the state of the company's affairs as at 31 December 2021 and of its profit for the year 
then ended; 
• 
have been properly prepared in accordance with UK accounting standards, including FRS 101 Reduced Disclosure 
Framework; and 
• 
have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006. 
Basis for opinion 
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) ("ISAs (UK)") and applicable 
law. Our responsibilities are described below. We have fulfilled our ethical responsibilities under, and are independent 
of the company in accordance with, UK ethical requirements including the FRC Ethical Standard. We believe that the 
audit evidence we have obtained is a sufficient and appropriate basis for our opinion. 
Going concern 
The directors have prepared the financial statements on the going concern basis as they do not intend to liquidate the 
company or to cease its operations, and as they have concluded that the company's financial position means that this 
is realistic. They have also concluded that there are no material uncertainties that could have cast significant doubt 
over its ability to continue as a going concern for at least a year from the date of approval of the financial statements 
("the going concern period"). 
In our evaluation of the directors' conclusions, we considered the inherent risks to the company's business model and 
analysed how those risks might affect the company's financial resources or ability to continue operations over the 
going concern period. 
Our conclusions based on this work: 
• 
we consider that the directors' use of the going concern basis of accounting in the preparation of the financial 
statements is appropriate; 
• 
we have not identified, and concur with the directors' assessment that there is not, a material uncertainty related 
to events or conditions that, individually or collectively, may cast significant doubt on the company's ability to 
continue as a going concern for the going concern period. 
However, as we cannot predict all future events or conditions and as subsequent events may result in outcomes that 
are inconsistent with judgements that were reasonable at the time they were made, the above conclusions are not a 
guarantee that the company will continue in operation. 
Fraud and breaches of laws and regulations - ability to detect 
ldentif.ving and responding to risks of material misstatement due to fraud 
To identify risks of material misstatement due to fraud ("fraud risks") we assessed events or conditions that could 
indicate an incentive or pressure to commit fraud or provide an opportunity to commit fraud. Our risk assessment 
procedures included: 
• 
Enquiring of directors as to the Company's high-level policies and procedures to prevent and detect fraud, 
including the internal audit function, and the Company's channel for "whistleblowing", as well as whether they 
have knowledge of any actual, suspected or alleged fraud. 
• 
Reading Board minutes. 
We communicated identified fraud risks throughout the audit team and remained alert to any indications of fraud 
throughout the audit. 
8

--- Page 345 ---
Independent Auditor's Report to the Members of Hydril PCB 
Limited ( continued) 
As required by auditing standards, and taking into account our overall knowledge of the control environment, we 
perform procedures to address the risk of management override of controls and the risk of fraudulent revenue 
recognition, in particular the risk that revenue is recorded in the wrong period and the risk that management may be in 
a position to make inappropriate accounting entries. 
We did not identify any additional fraud risks. 
We performed procedures including: 
• 
Identifying journal entries to test based on risk criteria and comparing the identified entries to supporting 
documentation. These included those posted and approved by the same user and those posted to unusual or seldom 
used accounts. 
• 
Revenue cut-off tests over the year end period. 
Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement due to non-compliance with laws and regulations 
We identified areas oflaws and regulations that could reasonably be expected to have a material effect on the financial 
statements from our general commercial and sector experience, and through discussion with the directors (as required 
by auditing standards), and discussed with the directors the policies and procedures regarding compliance with laws 
and regulations. 
We communicated identified laws and regulations throughout our team and remained alert to any indications of non-
compliance throughout the audit. 
The potential effect of these laws and regulations on the financial statements varies considerably. 
Firstly, the Company is subject to laws and regulations that directly affect the financial statements including financial 
reporting legislation (including related companies legislation), distributable profits legislation, and taxation legislation 
and we assessed the extent of compliance with these laws and regulations as part of our procedures on the related 
financial statement items. 
Secondly, the Company is subject to many other laws and regulations where the consequences of non-compliance 
could have a material effect on amounts or disclosures in the financial statements, for instance through the imposition 
of fines or litigation. We identified the following areas as those most likely to have such an effect: health and safety, 
import and export regulations, anti-bribery, employment law, and certain aspects of company legislation recognising 
the nature of the Company's activities. Auditing standards limit the required audit procedures to identify non-
compliance with these laws and regulations to enquiry of the directors and inspection of regulatory and legal 
correspondence, if any. Therefore if a breach of operational regulations is not disclosed to us or evident from relevant 
correspondence, an audit will not detect that breach. 
Context of the ability of the audit to detect fraud or breaches of law or regulation 
Owing to the inherent limitations of an audit, there is an unavoidable risk that we may not have detected some material 
misstatements in the financial statements, even though we have properly planned and performed our audit in 
accordance with auditing standards. For example, the further removed non-compliance with laws and regulations is 
from the events and transactions reflected in the financial statements, the less likely the inherently limited procedures 
required by auditing standards would identify it. 
In addition, as with any audit, there remained a higher risk of non-detection of fraud, as these may involve collusion, 
forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal controls. Our audit procedures are 
designed to detect material misstatement. We are not responsible for preventing non-compliance or fraud and cannot 
be expected to detect non-compliance with all laws and regulations. 
9

--- Page 346 ---
Independent Auditor's Report to the Members of Hydril PCB 
Limited ( continued) 
Strategic report and directors' report 
The directors are responsible for the strategic report and the directors' report. Our opinion on the financial statements 
does not cover those reports and we do not express an audit opinion thereon. 
Our responsibility is to read the strategic report and the directors' report and, in doing so, consider whether, based on 
our financial statements audit work, the information therein is materially misstated or inconsistent with the financial 
statements or our audit knowledge. Based solely on that work: 
• 
we have not identified material misstatements in the strategic report and the directors' report; 
• 
in our opinion the information given in those reports for the financial year is consistent with the financial 
statements; and 
• 
in our opinion those reports have been prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 2006. 
Matters on which we are required to report by exception 
Under the Companies Act 2006 we are required to report to you if, in our opinion: 
• 
adequate accounting records have not been kept, or returns adequate for our audit have not been received from 
branches not visited by us; or 
• 
the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns; or 
• 
certain disclosures of directors' remuneration specified by law are not made; or 
• 
we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit. 
We have nothing to report in these respects. 
Directors' responsibilities 
As explained more fully in their statement set out on page 7, the directors are responsible for: the preparation of the 
financial statements and for being satisfied that they give a true and fair view; such internal control as they determine 
is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to 
fraud or error; assessing the company's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related 
to going concern; and using the going concern basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the company 
or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so. 
Auditor's responsibilities 
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from 
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue our opinion in an auditor's report. Reasonable 
assurance is a high level of assurance, but does not guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK) 
will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are 
considered material if, individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic 
decisions of users taken on the basis of the financial statements. 
A fuller description of our responsibilities is provided on the FRC's website at 
~ 
.frc.Ot;&uklauditorsres onsibi lities. 
10

--- Page 347 ---
Independent Auditor's Report to the Members of Hydril PCB 
Limited (continued) 
 
The purpose of our audit work and to whom we owe our responsibilities 
 
This report is made solely to the company's members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the 
Companies Act 2006. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the company's members those 
matters we are required to state to them in an auditor's report and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted 
by Jaw, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the company and the company's members, as 
a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed. 
 
 
 
 
 
Michelle Smarsh (Senior Statutory Auditor) 
for and on behalf of KPMG LLP, Statutory Auditor 
Chartered Accountants 
I Marischal Square 
Broad Street 
Aberdeen 
ABIO IDD 
Date: 31 August 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1l

--- Page 348 ---
Hydril PCB Limited 
Profit and Loss Account and Other Comprehensive Income 
for the year ended 31 December 2021 
2021 
Note 
£'000 
Turnover 
4 
26,338 
Cost of sales 
(11,209) 
Gross Profit 
15,129 
Distribution expenses and selling costs 
(9) 
Administrative expense 
(700) 
Operating profit 
5 
14,420 
Other income 
Interest receivable and similar income 
6 
58 
Interest payable and similar expenses 
7 
(2) 
Profit before taxation 
14,476 
Tax on profit 
11 
(3,857) 
Profit for the year 
10,619 
Other comprehensive income 
Total comprehensive income for the year 
10,619 
The above results were derived from continuing operations. 
The notes on pages 16 to 31 form an integral part of these financial statements 
2020 
£'000 
32,633 
(13,737) 
18,896 
(149) 
(739) 
18,008 
15 
206 
(67) 
18,162 
(3,458) 
14,704 
14,704 
12

--- Page 349 ---
Hydril PCB Limited 
Balance Sheet 
as at 31 December 2021 
Fixed assets 
Tangible assets 
Investments 
Current assets 
Slocks 
Debtors: amounls falling due within one year 
Debtors: amounts falling due after more than one year 
Cash at bank in hand 
Creditors: amounts falling due within one year 
Net current assets 
Net assets 
Capital and reserves 
~ailed up share capital 
Employee share based equity reserve 
Merger reserve 
Profit and loss account 
Shareholder's runds 
Approved by the Board on1\August 2022 and signed on its behalf by: 
David Bratton 
Director 
1021 
Note 
£'000 
12 
11 
13 
98 
109 
14 
2,667 
IS 
11,682 
16 
2,234 
7,162 
23,745 
17 
{12,734) 
11,01 I 
11,120 
19 
6,057 
I 
(3,286) 
8,348 
11,120 
The notes on pages 16 to 31 fonn an integral part of these financial statements 
2020 
£'000 
13 
13 
3,153 
84,862 
828 
88,843 
(13,355) 
75,488 
75,501 
6,057 
I 
(3,286) 
72,729 
75,501 
13

--- Page 350 ---
Hydril PCB Limited 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
for the year ended 31 December 2021 
Called up share Employee share Merger reserve Profit and loss 
capital 
based equity 
account 
reserve 
Total 
£'000 
£'000 
£'000 
£'000 
£'000 
At 1 January 2021 
6,057 
(3,286) 
72,729 
75,501 
Comprehensive income 
for the year 
Profit for the year 
10,619 
10,619 
Other comprehensive 
income 
Transactions with 
owners, recorded 
directly in equity 
Dividends paid 
(75,000) 
(75,000) 
At 31 December 2021 
6,057 
(3,286) 
8,348 
11,120 
Called up share Employee share Merger reserve Profit and loss 
capital 
based equity 
account 
reserve 
Total 
£'000 
£'000 
£'000 
£'000 
£'000 
At I January 2020 
6,057 
I 
(3,286) 
58,025 
60,797 
Comprehensive income 
for the year 
Profit for the year 
14,704 
14,704 
Other comprehensive 
income 
Total comprehensive 
14,704 
14,704 
income for the year 
At 31 December 2020 
6,057 
(3,286) 
72,729 
75,501 
The notes on pages 16 to 31 fonn an integral part of these financial statements 
14

--- Page 351 ---
Hydril PCB Limited 
Cash flow statement 
for the year ended 31 December 2021 
2021 
2020 
Note 
£'000 
£'000 
Operating activities 
Profit for the year 
10,619 
14,704 
Adjustments for: 
- Interest income 
6 
(58) 
(206) 
- Interest expense 
7 
2 
67 
- Depreciation of property, plant & equipment 
12 
2 
4 
Operating cash flow before working capital charges 
10,565 
14,569 
Decrease/(lncrease) in: 
- Stocks 
14 
486 
510 
- Trade and other debtors 
15, 16 
70,946 
(17,868) 
- Trade and other payables 
17 
{621 } 
3,449 
Cash generated from operations 
81,376 
660 
Interest paid 
7 
(2) 
(67) 
Interest received 
6 
58 
206 
Net cash from operating activities 
81,432 
799 
Cash flows from investing activities 
Acquisition of fixed asset investment 
13 
~98! 
Net cash used in investing activities 
(98) 
Cash flows from financing activities 
Dividends paid 
19 
p 5,oool 
Net cash used in financing activities 
(75,000) 
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 
6,334 
799 
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year 
828 
29 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year 
7,162 
828 
The notes on pages 16 to 31 fonn an integral part of these financial statements 
15

--- Page 352 ---
Hydril PCB Limited 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
1. 
General information 
The company is a private company limited by share capital, registered in England with company number 01418491, 
incorporated and domiciled in the United Kingdom. 
The address of its registered office is: 
c/oTMFGroup 
8th Floor 
20 Faningdon Street 
London 
EC4A4AB 
2. 
Accounting policies 
Summary of significant accounting policies and key accounting estimates 
The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these financial statements are set out below. These 
policies have been consistently applied to all years presented, unless otherwise stated. 
Basis of preparation 
The financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Financial Reporting Standard 101 'Reduced 
Disclosure Framework' (FRS 101') and the Companies Act 2006. 
In preparing these financial statements, the company applies the recognition, measurement and disclosure requirements 
of UK adopted international accounting standards ("Adopted IFRSs"), but makes amendments where necessary in 
order to comply with Companies Act 2006 and has set out below where advantage of the FRS 101 disclosure 
exemptions has been taken. 
The preparation of financial statements in compliance with FRS 101 requires the use of certain critical accounting 
estimates. It also requires management to exercise judgment in applying the company's accounting policies (see note 
3). 
Exemption from preparing group accounts 
The company is itself a subsidiary company and is exempt from the requirement to prepare group accounts by virtue 
of section 40 I of the Companies Act 2006. These financial statements therefore present information about the company 
as an individual undertaking and not about its group. 
The results of the company are included in the consolidated financial statements of HMH Holding B.V. which are 
available from Weerdestein 97, 1083 GG Amsterdam, The Netherlands. 
16

--- Page 353 ---
Hydril PCB Limited 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
2. 
Accounting policies (continued) 
Basis of measurement 
The financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis. 
Summary of disclosure exemptions 
The company has taken advantage of the following disclosure exceptions under FRS 101: 
-the requirements of paragraphs 45(b) and 46-52 oflFRS 2 Share based payment; 
-the requirement of paragraphs 62, B64(d), B64(e), B64(g), B64(h), B64(j) to B64(m), B64(n)(ii), B64(o)(ii), B64(p), 
B64(q)(ii), B66 and B67 oflFRS 3 Business Combinations; 
-the requirements of paragraph 33(c) oflFRS 5 Non Current Assets Held For Sale and Discontinued Operations; 
-the requirements oflFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures; 
-the requirements of paragraphs 91-99 of IFRS 13 Fair Value Measurement; 
-the requirements of the second sentence of paragraph 110 and paragraphs l 13(a), 114, 115, 118, l 19(a) to (c), 120 to 
127 and 129 of IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers; 
-the requirement in paragraph 38 oflAS 1 'Presentation of Financial Statements' to present comparative 
information in respect of; 
-paragraph 79(a)(iv) ofIAS l; 
-paragraph 73(e) oflAS 16 Property, Plant and Equipment; 
-paragraph l l8(e) ofIAS 38 Intangible Assets, and; 
-paragraphs 76 and 79(d) ofIAS 40 Investment Property; 
-the requirements of paragraphs l0(d), I0(f), 16, 38A, 38B, 38C, 38D, 40A, 40B, 40C, 400, 111 and 134-136 of 
IAS l Presentation of Financial Statements; 
-the requirements of paragraphs 30 and 31 ofIAS 8 Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors; 
-the requirements of paragraph 17 of IAS 24 Related Party Disclosures; 
-the requirements in IAS 24 Related Party Disclosures to disclose related party transactions entered into between two 
or more members of a group, provided that any subsidiary which is a party to the transactions wholly owned by such 
a member; and 
-the requirements of paragraphs 134(d)-134(f) and 135(c)-13S(e) of IAS 36 Impairment of Assets. 
Going concern 
For the purposes of the directors' assessment of the Company's going concern position and to satisfy them of the 
Company's ability to pay its liabilities as they fall due, the directors have prepared a cash flow forecasts for the period 
to 31 December 2023. The company has been profitable and cash generative. This has continued during 2022 up to 
the date of issue of these financial statements. The Company's forecasts indicate that it will remain cash generative 
over the going concern forecast period, and will be able to meet its financial obligations as they fall due without 
requiring new finance. 
These forecasts indicate that, after taking account of severe but plausible downsides, including the impact of the 
COVID-19 pandemic which may delay customer orders and cash receipts, the company's existing resources are 
sufficient to enable it to trade and pay its liabilities as they fall due for the forecast period. 
Consequently, the directors are confident that the company will have sufficient funds to continue to meet its liabilities 
as they fall due for at least 12 months from the date of approval of the financial statements and therefore have prepared 
the financial statements on a going concern basis. 
17

--- Page 354 ---
Hydril PCB Limited 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
2. 
Accounting policies (continued) 
Revenue recognition 
Recognition 
The company earns revenue from the sale of component parts for OEM supplied drilling and well control equipment. 
This revenue is recognised in the accounting period when control of the product has been transferred, at an amount 
that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for fulfilling its performance 
obligations to customers. 
The company also earns revenue from the provision of services relating to the repair and recertification of OEM 
supplied drilling and well control equipment. This revenue is recognised in the accounting period when the services 
are rendered at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for 
fulfilling its performance obligations to customers. 
The principles in IFRS 15 are applied to revenue recognition criteria using the following 5 step model: 
I. Identify the contract with the customer 
2. Identify the performance obligations in the contract 
3. Determine the transaction price 
4. Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract 
5. Recognise revenue when or as the entity satisfies its performance obligations 
Peiformance obligations 
The main performance obligations to customers are satisfied when the supply of goods and services have transferred 
to the customer and the customer has control of these. 
Foreign currency transactions and balances 
The accounts are presented in sterling which is the company's functional and presentational currency. 
Transactions in foreign currencies are recorded using a monthly average operating exchange rate. Monetary assets and 
liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated using the exchange rate ruling at the balance sheet date. 
The gains or losses arising are included in the Profit and Loss account.

--- Page 355 ---
Hydril PCB Limited 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
2. 
Accounting policies (continued) 
Tax 
Tax is recognised in the profit and loss account, except that a change attributable to an item of income and expense 
recognised as other comprehensive income or to an item recognised directly in equity is also recognised in other 
comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively. 
The current tax charge is calculated on the basis of tax rates and laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted 
by the balance sheet date in the countries where the company operates and generates income. 
Full provision is made for deferred tax liabilities arising from all temporary differences between the recognition of 
gains and losses in the financial statements and recognition in the tax computation. 
A net deferred tax asset is recognised only if it can be regarded as more likely than not that there will be suitable 
taxable profits from which the future reversal of the underlying temporary differences can be deducted. 
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are calculated at the tax rates expected to be effective at the time the temporary 
differences are expected to reverse. 
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are not discounted. 
Tangible fixed assets 
Tangible fixed assets are stated at cost less depreciation and any accumulated impainnent losses. 
Depreciation 
Depreciation is charged to the profit and loss account on a straight line basis over the estimated useful life of each 
tangible fixed asset as follows: 
Asset class 
Plant and machinery 
Stocks 
Estimated useful life 
10 years 
Stocks are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value after making due allowance for obsolete and slow-moving 
stocks. Cost includes all direct costs and an appropriate proportion of fixed and variable overheads. 
Investments 
Investments in group undertakings are shown at cost less provision for any impainnent. 
At each balance sheet date the company reviews the carrying amount of its investments to determine whether there is 
any indication that those investments have suffered an impainnent loss. If such indication exists, the recoverable 
amount of the investment estimated based on its fair value less costs of disposal ( for which its net asset value may be 
used as a reasonable proxy) and value in use. Where the recoverable amount of the investment is Jess than carrying 
value, an impairment loss is recognised in profit and loss account in the period. 
19

--- Page 356 ---
Hydril PCB Limited 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
2. 
Accounting policies (continued) 
Financial instruments 
Initial recognition 
The company recognises financial assets and financial liabilities in the balance sheet when, and only when, the 
company becomes party to the contractual provisions of the financial instrument. 
A financial asset (unless it is a trade debtor without a significant financing component) or financial liability is initially 
measured at fair value plus, for an item not at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL), transaction costs that are 
directly attributable to its acquisition or issue. A trade debtor without a significant financing component is initially 
measured at the transaction price. 
Financial assets are initially recognised at fair value. Financial liabilities are initially recognised at fair value, 
representing the proceeds received net of premiums, discounts and transaction costs that are directly attributable to the 
financial liability. 
Classification and subsequent measurement 
Subsequent to initial measurement, financial assets and financial liabilities are measured at either amortised cost or 
fair value. 
Financial instruments are classified at inception into one of the following categories, which then determine the 
subsequent measurement methodology: 
Financial assets are classified into one of the following three categories: 
- financial assets at amortised cost; 
- financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI); or 
- financial assets at fair value through the profit or loss. 
Financial liabilities are classified into one of the following two categories: 
The classification and the basis for measurement are subject to the company's business model for managing the 
financial assets and the contractual cash flow characteristics of the financial assets, as detailed below: 
Financial assets at amortised cost 
A financial asset is measured at amortised cost ifit meets both of the following conditions and is not designated as at 
FVTPL: 
• the assets are held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets in order to collect contractual cash flows; 
and 
- the contractual terms of the financial assets give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of 
principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. 
If either of the above two criteria is not met, the financial assets are classified and measured at fair value through the 
profit or loss (FVTPL). 
20

--- Page 357 ---
Hydril PCB Limited 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
2. 
Accounting policies (continued) 
Financial instruments (continued) 
Financial assets at amortised cost (continued) 
If a financial asset meets the amortised cost criteria, the company may choose to designate the financial asset at FVTPL. 
Such an election is irrevocable and applicable only if the FVTPL classification significantly reduces a measurement 
or recognition inconsistency. 
Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances and call deposits. 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
A financial asset is measured at FVTOCI only if it meets both of the following conditions and is not designated as at 
FVPTL: 
· the asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and 
selling financial assets; and 
· the contractual tenns of the financial assets give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of 
principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. 
On initial recognition of an equity investments that is not held for trading, the company may irrevocably elect to 
present subsequent changes in fair value in OCI. This election is made on an investment-by-investment basis. 
If an equity investment is designated as FVTOCI, all gains and losses, except for dividend income, are recognised in 
other comprehensive income and are not subsequently included in the statement of income. 
Financial assets at fair value through the profit or loss 
Financial assets not otherwise classified above are classified and measured as FVTPL. 
Financial liabilities at amortised cost 
All financial liabilities, other than those classified as financial liabilities at FVTPL, are measured at amortised cost 
using the effective interest rate method. 
Financial liabilities at fair value through the profit or loss 
Financial liabilities not measured at amortised cost are classified and measured at FVTPL. This classification includes 
derivative liabilities. 
Impairment of financial assets 
The company recognises loss allowances for expected credit losses (ECLs) on financial assets measured at amortised 
cost, debt investments measured at FVOCI and contract assets (as defined in IFRS 15). 
The company measures loss allowances at an amount equal to lifetime ECL, except for other debt securities and bank 
balances for which credit risk (i.e. the risk of default occurring over the expected life of the financial instrument) has 
not increased significantly since initial recognition which are measured as 12-month ECL. 
Loss allowances for trade receivables and contract assets are always measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECL 
When determining whether the credit risk of a financial asset has increased significantly since initial recognition and 
when estimating ECL, the company considers reasonable and supportable information that is relevant and available 
without undue cost or effort. This includes both quantitative and qualitative infonnation and analysis, based on the 
company's historical experience and infonned credit assessment and including forward-looking information. 
21

--- Page 358 ---
Hydril PCB Limited 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
2. 
Accounting policies ( continued) 
Financial instruments (continued) 
Impairment of financial assets ( continued) 
The company assumes that the credit risk on a financial asset has increased significantly if it is more than 30 days past 
due. 
Lifetime ECLs are the ECLs that result from all possible default events over the expected life of a financial instrument. 
12-month ECLs are the portion of ECLs that result from default events that are possible within the 12 months after the 
reporting date (or a shorter period if the expected life of the instrument is less than 12 months). 12-month ECLs are 
the portion of ECLs that result from default events that are possible within the 12 months after the reporting date ( or a 
shorter period if the expected life of the instrument is less than 12 months). 
The maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period over wh.ich the company 
is exposed to credit risk. 
Measureme11t of ECls 
ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Credit losses are measured as the present value of all cash 
shortfalls (i.e. the difference between the cash flows due to the entity in accordance with the contract and the cash 
flows that the company expects to receive). ECLs are discounted at the effective interest rate of the financial asset. 
Share based payments 
Until 30 September 2021, Baker Hughes Company granted share options and restricted stock units to certain 
employees and executives of the company. The fair value of options and units granted were recognised as an employee 
expense with a corresponding increase in equity, 'other reserve account'. 
The fair value was measured at grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, and was recognised as an 
expense over the period the employees become unconditionally entitled to the options.lunits. The amount recognised 
as an expense was adjusted to reflect the actual number of options/units expected to vest. Any recharges by Baker 
Hughes Company are offset against the 'other reserve'. 
In addition, up until 30 September 2021, the company had established an employee share ownership scheme under 
which employees were able to acquire a number of shares in the Baker Hughes Company with the company matching 
the employees' purchases. The company's costs of these purchases were charged to the profit and loss account as 
incurred. 
3. 
Critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimated uncertainty 
The preparation of the financial statements requires the directors to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that 
affect the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial 
statements and the reported amounts of income and expenses during the reporting period. Although these estimates 
are based on the directors' best knowledge of the amount, actual results ultimately may differ from those estimates. 
The areas involving a higher degree of judgement and complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates are 
significant to the financial statements are disclosed below: 
Impairment of trade debtors 
The company makes an estimate of the recoverable value of trade and other debtors when assessing impainnent of 
trade and other debtors, management considers factors including the credit rating of the debtor, the ageing profile of 
the debtors and historical experiences. See note 15 for the net canying amount of the receivables. 
22

--- Page 359 ---
Hydril PCB Limited 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
3. 
Critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimated uncertainty (continued) 
Stock provisioning 
The company designs, manufactures and sells advanced technical products and is subject to changing consumer 
demands and technological advances. As a result it is necessary to consider the recoverability of the cost of stock and 
the associated provisioning required. When calculating the stock provision, management considers the nature and 
condition of the stock, as well as applying assumptions around anticipated saleability of finished goods and future 
usage of raw materials. See note 14 for the net carrying amount of stock. 
4. 
Turnover 
The analysis of the company's turnover for the year is as follows: 
Sale of goods 
Provision of services 
A geographical analysis of turnover is as follows: 
United Kingdom 
European Union 
USA 
Rest of world 
5. 
Operating profit 
Operating profit is stated after crediting 
Difference on foreign exchange 
2021 
£'000 
10,139 
16,199 
26,338 
2021 
£'000 
5,586 
12,209 
278 
8,265 
26,338 
2021 
£'000 
(392) 
2020 
£'000 
14,201 
18,432 
32,633 
2020 
£'000 
8,658 
12,896 
423 
10,656 
32,633 
2020 
£'000 
(369) 
23

--- Page 360 ---
Hydril PCB Limited 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
6. 
Interest receivable and similar income 
Interest from group companies 
7. 
Interest payable and similar expenses 
Interest due to group companies 
8. 
Staff costs 
The aggregate payroll costs (including directors' remuneration) were as follows: 
Wages and salaries 
Social security costs 
Other pension costs (note 17) 
Share-based payment expense 
2021 
£'000 
58 
2021 
£'000 
2 
2021 
£'000 
1,659 
190 
213 
2 
2,064 
The average number of persons employed by the company (including directors) during the year, analysed by 
category was as follows: 
Selling, service and distribution 
9. 
Directors' remuneration 
2021 
No. 
30 
30 
2020 
£'000 
206 
2020 
£'000 
67 
2020 
£'000 
1,798 
181 
156 
2 
2,137 
2020 
No. 
30 
30 
The directors who served during the current and prior year were employees of another group company. The directors 
have estimated that the amounts received in respect of qualifying services for the entity to be £2,000 each (2020: 
£2,000 each). 
24

--- Page 361 ---
Hydril PCB Limited 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
10. Auditor's remuneration 
Audit of the financial statements 
11. Taxation 
Tax charged/(credited) in the Profit and Loss account 
Current taxation 
UK col])oration tax 
Adjustments in respect of prior periods 
Foreign tax relief 
Foreign tax suffered 
Total current tax 
Deferred taxation 
Origination and reversal of temporary differences 
Effects of changes to tax rates 
Adjustments in prior years 
Total deferred taxation 
Tax expense in the profit and loss account 
2021 
£'000 
68 
2021 
£'000 
2,745 
1,096 
11 
3,852 
7 
(2) 
5 
3,857 
2020 
£'000 
55 
2020 
£'000 
3,454 
13 
(15) 
19 
3,471 
(3) 
(1) 
(9) 
(13) 
3,458 
25

--- Page 362 ---
Hydril PCB Limited 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
11. 
Taxation (continued) 
The standard rate of tax for the year, based on the average UK standard rate of corporation tax, is 19% (2020: 19%). 
The actual current tax charge for the preceding year differs for the reasons set out in the following reconciliation. 
The differences between the tax charge shown above and the amount calculated by applying the average standard rate 
of UK corporation tax to the profit before tax are as follows: 
2021 
2020 
£'000 
£'000 
Profit before tax 
14,476 
18,162 
Corporation tax at standard rate 
2,750 
3,451 
Effects of overseas tax rates 
11 
3 
Adjustments in respect of prior year 
1,096 
4 
Expenses not deductible 
2 
1 
Effect of changes to tax rates 
(2) 
(l) 
Total tax charge 
3,857 
3,458 
Factors that may affect future tax charges 
In September 2021, the UK tax authorities settled their claims which would have disallowed interest deductions 
claimed by other group companies for years from 2007 through 2015. The settlement does not impact the losses 
surrendered against the taxable income ofHydril PCB Limited in prior years and therefore there is no financial impact 
upon the company nor any residual risk of potential economic outflow. 
26

--- Page 363 ---
Hydril PCB Limited 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
11. Taxation (continued) 
Deferred tax 
Deferred tax movement during the year 
Accelerated tax depreciation 
Deferred tax charge for the period 
Net tax assets/(liabilities) 
Deferred tax movement during the year 
Accelerated tax depreciation 
Deferred tax charge for the period 
Net tax assets 
At 1 January 
2021 
£'000 
1 
IO 
11 
At 1 January 
2020 
£'000 
I 
(3) 
(2) 
At 
Recognised in 
31 December 
income 
2021 
£'000 
£'000 
1 
(5) 
5 
(5) 
6 
At 
Recognised in 
31 December 
income 
2020 
£'000 
£'000 
1 
13 
10 
13 
11 
27

--- Page 364 ---
Hydril PCB Limited 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
12. Tangible fixed assets 
Cost 
At 1 January 2021 
At 31 December 2021 
Depreciation 
At 1 January 2021 
Charge for the year 
At 31 December2021 
Net book value 
At 31 December 2021 
At 31 December 2020 
13. 
Fixed asset investments 
Cost 
At 1 January 2021 
At 31 December 2021 
Additions 
At I January 2021 
Additions during the year 
At 31 December 2021 
Net book value 
At 31 December 2021 
At 31 December 2020 
Plant & 
Machinery 
£'000 
26 
26 
13 
2 
15 
11 
13 
Investments in 
group 
undertakings 
£'000 
98 
98 
98 
28

--- Page 365 ---
Hydril PCB Limited 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
13. Fixed asset investments (co11titrued) 
Details of the group undertakings as at 31 December 2021 are as follows: 
Name 
Registered office 
Hydril Pressure Controlling 
P.O. Box 3265, Dammam, Saudi Arabia 33210 
Arabia Limited 
14. Stocks 
Raw materials and consumables 
Work in progress 
Finished goods 
Class of 
Proportion of 
shares 
ownership 
held 
interest 
Ordinary 
l 00% 
2021 
2020 
£'000 
185 
51 
2,431 
£'000 
100 
233 
2,820 
2,667 
3,153 
Raw materials, consumables and changes in finished goods and work in progress recognised as cost of sales in the 
year amounted to £8,312,000 (2020:£11,647,000). 
15. Debtors 
Due within one year 
Trade debtors 
Amounts owed by group undertakings 
Amounts recoverable on contracts 
Other debtors 
Deferred tax (note 11) 
2021 
2020 
£'000 
£'000 
5,007 
5,930 
586 
153 
6 
11,682 
4,412 
78,776 
1,086 
577 
11 
84,862 
29

--- Page 366 ---
Hydril PCB Limited 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
16. Debtors: Amounts falling due after more than year 
Due after more than one year 
Amounts owed by group undertakings 
Amounts owed by group companies are subject to interest at USD-LIBOR-BBA + 3.05%. 
17. Creditors: Amounts falling due within one year 
Trade creditors 
Accruals and deferred income 
Amounts owed to group undertakings 
Other creditors 
Corporation Tax 
Social security and other taxes 
18. Pension commitments 
2021 
2020 
£'000 
£'000 
2,234 
2021 
2020 
£'000 
£'000 
1,943 
1,470 
32 
13 
8,611 
10,655 
389 
136 
880 
879 
1,081 
12,734 
13,355 
The company operates a defined contribution pension scheme. The assets of the scheme are held separately from those 
of the company in an independently administered fund. The amount charged to the profit and loss account represents 
the contributions payable to the scheme in respect of the accounting period. 
The pension charge for the year was £213,000 (2020:£156,000), in respect of the defined contribution scheme. There 
were no outstanding or prepaid contributions at either the beginning or the end of the financial year. 
19. Share capital 
Allotted called up and fully paid shares 
Ordinary shares of£ l each 
No.000 
6,057 
2021 
£'000 
6,057 
No.000 
6,057 
2020 
£'000 
6,057 
On 16th September 2021, the board recommended a dividend of £75,000,000 to Hydril Pressure Control Business 
Limited. This has subsequently been paid on 22hd September 2021. 
30

--- Page 367 ---
Hydril PCB Limited 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
20. Ultimate parent undertaking and controlling party 
On 1st October, the ultimate parent company changed to HMH Holding B.V., incorporated in the Netherlands. Prior 
to this the Company was a subsidiary of Hydril Pressure Control Business Limited, incorporated in the United 
Kingdom and the company's ultimate parent company was Baker Hughes Company, incorporated in Delaware. 
Effective P' October 2021, the company became a subsidiary of MH Wirth UK Limited, after transfer of its' shares 
from Hydril Pressure Control Business Limited. As a result of the transfer, the company is part of the newly fonned 
joint venture between Akastor ASA and Baker Hughes Holdings LLC. 
21. Contingent liabilities 
On 2811, October 2021, as a consequence of the funding requirements required to fund the joint venture, the company 
agreed to guarantee up to £4,002,000 in liabilities owed by the group to DNB Bank ASA in the form of loans and 
revolving credit facilities. 
As at 31 December 2021, the Company, together with other related parties, jointly and severely guaranteed to repay a 
debt of its ultimate holding company in the event that timely payments of the loan by the ultimate holding company 
are not made. The guarantee is limited to £272,386,800 equivalent of$360,000,000 (2020: £Nil). At the reporting date, 
the Company does not consider it probable that a claim will be made against the Company under the intra-group 
financial guarantee. As such, the guarantee issued would not have a material effect on the amount, timing and 
uncertainty of the Company's future cashflows. 
In addition to the above, the Company's ordinary shares are pledged by the ultimate holding company as financial 
guarantees for its liabilities to a financial institution. 
As at 31 December, there was also a duty deferment guarantee amounting to £200,000 (2020: £nil) issued on behalf 
of the company. 
22. Subsequent events 
On 16 February 2022, the ultimate holding company partially refinanced its existing loan facility, which the Company 
was a guarantor of, with another loan. The Company provided a further guarantee in the refinanced loan facility to 
repay the ultimate holding company's new loan in the event that timely payments of the loan by the ultimate holding 
company are not made. The new guarantee is limited to £113,494,500 equivalent of$150,000,000. The Company's 
ordinary shares were pledged under this new arrangement in addition to the pledge existing as at 31 December 2021 
as disclosed in note 21 Contingent liabilities. In accordance with an inter-creditor agreement, the ordinary shares 
pledged shall rank and secure the liabilities equally and without any preference between them. 
31

--- Page 400 ---
KPMG LLP (Registration No. T08LL1267L), an accounting 
limited liability partnership registered in Singapore under the
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
HMH Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd.  
(formerly known as Baker Hughes Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd.) 
 
Registration Number: 200720201Z 
Annual Report 
Year ended 31 December 2021 
 

	
		

--- Page 401 ---
HMH Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd. 
(formerly known as Baker Hughes Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd.) 
Directors’ statement 
Year ended 31 December 2021 
 
 
Directors’ statement 
 
We are pleased to submit this annual report to the member of the Company together with the 
audited financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2021. 
 
In our opinion: 
 
(a) the financial statements set out on pages FS1 to FS33 are drawn up so as to give a true and 
fair view of the financial position of the Company as at 31 December 2021 and the financial 
performance, changes in equity and cash flows of the Company for the year ended on that 
date in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act 1967 and Singapore Financial 
Reporting Standards (International) and International Financial Reporting Standards; and 
 
(b) at the date of this statement, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will 
be able to pay its debts as and when they fall due. 
 
The Board of Directors has, on the date of this statement, authorised these financial statements 
for issue. 
 
 
Directors 
 
The directors in office at the date of this statement are as follows:  
 
Mirji Dhananjay Pandurang 
(Appointed on 27 July 2021) 
James Daniel Connelly 
(Appointed on 11 November 2021) 
Eugene Charles Chauviere  
(Appointed on 11 November 2021) 
David Ewing Bratton  
(Appointed on 11 November 2021) 
 
 
Change of Company name 
 
During the financial year, the Company changed its name from Baker Hughes Drilling Asia Pte. 
Ltd. to HMH Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd with effect from 1 January 2022. 
 
 
Directors’ interests 
 
According to the register kept by the Company for the purposes of Section 164 of the Companies 
Act 1967 (the Act), no director who held office at the end of the financial year (including those 
held by their spouses and infant children) had interests in shares or debentures of the Company, 
or of related corporations, either at the beginning of the financial year, or date of appointment if 
later, or at the end of the financial year. 
 
Neither at the end of, nor at any time during the financial year, was the Company a party to any 
arrangement whose objects are, or one of whose objects is, to enable the directors of the Company 
to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in or debentures of the Company or any 
other body corporate. 
 

	
		

--- Page 402 ---
HMH Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd. 
(formerly known as Baker Hughes Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd.) 
Directors’ statement 
Year ended 31 December 2021 
 
 
Share options 
 
During the financial year, there were: 
 
(i) 
no options granted by the Company to any person to take up unissued shares in the Company; 
and 
 
(ii) no shares issued by virtue of any exercise of option to take up unissued shares of the 
Company. 
 
As at the end of the financial year, there were no unissued shares of the Company under options. 
 
 
Auditors 
 
The auditors, KPMG LLP, have indicated their willingness to accept re-appointment. 
 
 
 
On behalf of the Board of Directors  
 
 
 
 
 
 
ņņņņņņņņņņņņņņņņņņņņ 
David Ewing Bratton 
Director 
 
 
 
 
 
ņņņņņņņņņņņņņņņņņņņņ 
Mirji Dhananjay Pandurang 
Director 
 
 
12 August 2022 
 

	
		

--- Page 403 ---
KPMG LLP 
16 Raffles Quay #22-00 
Hong Leong Building 
Singapore 048581 
Telephone 
+65 6213 3388 
Fax 
 
+65 6225 0984 
Internet 
www.kpmg.com.sg 
 
 
KPMG LLP (Registration No. T08LL1267L), an accounting 
limited liability partnership registered in Singapore under the
Independent auditors’ report 
 
Members of the Company 
HMH Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd. 
(formerly known as Baker Hughes Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd.) 
 
Report on the audit of the financial statements 
 
Opinion 
 
We have audited the financial statements of HMH Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd. (formerly known as 
Baker Hughes Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd.) (‘the Company’), which comprise the statement of financial 
position as at 31 December 2021, the statements of comprehensive income, changes in equity and 
cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the financial statements, including a summary of 
significant accounting policies, as set out on pages FS1 to FS33. 
 
In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements are properly drawn up in accordance with 
the provisions of the Companies Act 1967 (‘the Act’), Singapore Financial Reporting Standards 
(International) (“SFRS(I)s”) and International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) so as to 
give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Company as at  
31 December 2021 and of the financial performance, changes in equity and cash flows of the 
Company for the year ended on that date. 
 
Basis for opinion 
 
We conducted our audit in accordance with Singapore Standards on Auditing (‘SSAs’). Our 
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the ‘Auditors’ responsibilities for 
the audit of the financial statements’ section of our report.  We are independent of the Company 
in accordance with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority Code of Professional 
Conduct and Ethics for Public Accountants and Accounting Entities (‘ACRA Code’) together 
with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in Singapore, 
and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and 
the ACRA Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and 
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. 
 
Other information 
 
Management is responsible for the other information contained in the annual report. Other 
information is defined as all information in the annual report other than the financial statements 
and our auditors’ report thereon. 
 
We have obtained all other information prior to the date of this auditors’ report. 
 
Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not 
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon. 
 

	
		

--- Page 404 ---
HMH Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd. 
 
(formerly known as Baker Hughes Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd.) 
 
Independent auditors’ report 
 
Year ended 31 December 2021 
 
 
 
In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other 
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent 
with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be 
materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a 
material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have 
nothing to report in this regard. 
 
Responsibilities of management and directors for the financial statements 
 
Management is responsible for the preparation of financial statements that give a true and fair 
view in accordance with the provisions of the Act, SFRS(I)s and IFRSs, and for devising and 
maintaining a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide a reasonable assurance 
that assets are safeguarded against loss from unauthorised use or disposition; and transactions are 
properly authorised and that they are recorded as necessary to permit the preparation of true and 
fair financial statements and to maintain accountability of assets. 
 
In preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Company’s 
ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern 
and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate 
the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so. 
 
The directors’ responsibilities include overseeing the Company’s financial reporting process. 
 
Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements 
 
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a 
whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors’ 
report that includes our opinion.  Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a 
guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SSAs will always detect a material 
misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered 
material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the 
economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements. 
 
As part of an audit in accordance with SSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain 
professional scepticism throughout the audit.  We also: 
 
x 
Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether 
due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and 
obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. 
The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one 
resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, 
misrepresentations, or the override of internal controls. 
 
x 
Obtain an understanding of internal controls relevant to the audit in order to design audit 
procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing 
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal controls. 
 

	
		

--- Page 405 ---
HMH Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd. 
 
(formerly known as Baker Hughes Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd.) 
 
Independent auditors’ report 
 
Year ended 31 December 2021 
 
 
 
 
x 
Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of 
accounting estimates and related disclosures made by management. 
 
x 
Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of 
accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists 
related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s ability to 
continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are 
required to draw attention in our auditors’ report to the related disclosures in the financial 
statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are 
based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditors’ report. However, future 
events or conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue as a going concern. 
 
x 
Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including 
the disclosures, and whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions 
and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation. 
 
We communicate with the directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing 
of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal 
controls that we identify during our audit. 
 
Report on other legal and regulatory requirements 
 
In our opinion, the accounting and other records required by the Act to be kept by the Company 
have been properly kept in accordance with the provisions of the Act. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KPMG LLP 
Public Accountants and 
Chartered Accountants 
 
Singapore 
12 August 2022 
 

	
		

--- Page 406 ---
HMH Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd. 
(formerly known as Baker Hughes Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd.) 
Financial statements 
Year ended 31 December 2021 
 
 
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements. 
Statement of financial position 
As at 31 December 2021 
 
 
Note 
2021 
2020 
1 Jan 2020 
 
 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
Non-current assets 
 
 
 
 
Property, plant and equipment 
4 
828,164 
390,767 
499,055 
Intangible assets 
5 
30,744 
92,231 
461,154 
Deferred tax assets 
6 
538,620 
467,776 
266,977 
 
 
1,397,528 
950,774 
1,227,186 
Current assets 
 
 
 
 
Inventories 
7 
6,579,366 
6,066,035 
6,526,633 
Trade and other receivables 
8 
6,667,713 
41,869,904 
28,497,120 
Cash and cash equivalents 
9 
9,012,698 
2,029 
32,380 
 
 
22,259,777 
47,937,968 
35,056,133 
Total assets 
 
23,657,305 
48,888,742 
36,283,319 
 
 
 
 
 
Equity  
 
 
 
 
Share capital 
10 
8,321,394 
8,321,394 
8,321,394 
Capital reserve 
11 
(3,699,937) 
(3,699,937) 
(3,699,937) 
Accumulated profits 
 
3,949,043 
37,032,159 
26,974,071 
Total equity 
 
8,570,500 
41,653,616 
31,595,528 
 
 
 
 
 
Current liabilities 
 
 
 
 
Trade and other payables 
12 
13,232,542 
4,617,197 
2,629,310 
Current tax liabilities  
 
1,854,263 
2,617,929 
2,058,481 
Total liabilities 
 
15,086,805 
7,235,126 
4,687,791 
Total equity and liabilities 
 
23,657,305 
48,888,742 
36,283,319 
 
 
 
 
 
 

	
		

--- Page 407 ---
HMH Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd. 
(formerly known as Baker Hughes Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd.) 
Financial statements 
Year ended 31 December 2021 
 
 
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements. 
Statement of comprehensive income 
Year ended 31 December 2021 
 
 
Note 
2021 
2020 
 
 
US$ 
US$ 
 
 
 
 
Revenue 
13 
21,671,392 
23,302,117 
Cost of sales 
 
(8,646,306) 
(7,961,040) 
Gross profit 
 
13,025,086 
15,341,077 
 
 
 
 
Sales and administrative expenses 
 
(3,494,450) 
(3,676,758) 
Impairment loss on trade receivables due from related 
parties 
 
(1,998,829) 
– 
Results from operating activities 
 
7,531,807 
11,664,319 
 
 
 
 
Finance income 
14 
61,699 
384,091 
Finance expense 
14 
(2,768) 
(3) 
Net finance income 
 
58,931 
384,088 
 
 
 
 
Profit before tax 
15 
7,590,738 
12,048,407 
Tax expense 
16 
(1,673,854) 
(1,990,319) 
Profit for the year and total comprehensive income 
for the year 
 
5,916,884 
10,058,088 
 
 
 
 
 

	
		

--- Page 408 ---
HMH Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd. 
(formerly known as Baker Hughes Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd.) 
Financial statements 
Year ended 31 December 2021 
 
 
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements. 
Statement of changes in equity 
Year ended 31 December 2021 
 
 
Note 
Share 
capital 
Accumulated 
profits 
Capital 
reserve 
Total 
 
 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As at 1 January 2020 
 
8,321,394 
26,974,071 
(3,699,937) 
31,595,528 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total comprehensive 
income for the year 
 
 
 
 
 
Profit for the year 
 
– 
10,058,088 
– 
10,058,088 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 2020 
 
8,321,394 
37,032,159 
(3,699,937) 
41,653,616 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As at 1 January 2021 
 
8,321,394 
37,032,159 
(3,699,937) 
41,653,616 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total comprehensive 
income for the year 
 
 
 
 
 
Profit for the year 
 
– 
5,916,884 
– 
5,916,884 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Transactions with owner, 
recorded directly in 
equity 
 
 
 
 
 
Tax-exempt dividend 
declared and paid of 
US$4.69 per share 
10 
– 
(39,000,000) 
– 
(39,000,000) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 2021 
 
8,321,394 
3,949,043 
(3,699,937) 
8,570,500 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

	
		

--- Page 409 ---
HMH Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd. 
(formerly known as Baker Hughes Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd.) 
Financial statements 
Year ended 31 December 2021 
 
 
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements. 
Statement of cash flows 
Year ended 31 December 2021 
 
 
Note 
2021 
2020 
 
 
US$ 
US$ 
Cash flows from operating activities 
 
 
 
Profit before tax 
 
7,590,738 
12,048,407 
 
 
 
 
Adjustments for: 
 
 
 
Allowance for inventory obsolescence 
7 
376,426 
703,957 
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment 
4 
186,928 
108,288 
Amortisation of intangible assets 
5 
61,487 
368,923 
Impairment loss on trade receivables due from related 
parties 
 
1,998,829 
– 
 
 
10,214,408 
13,229,575 
 
 
 
 
Changes in: 
 
 
 
Inventories 
 
(889,757) 
(243,359) 
Trade and other receivables 
 
458,958 
(3,465,661) 
Trade and other payables 
 
5,070,917 
1,422,361 
Cash generated from operations 
 
14,854,526 
10,942,916 
Tax paid 
 
(2,508,364) 
(1,066,144) 
Net cash from operating activities 
 
12,346,162 
9,876,772 
 
 
 
 
Cash flows from investing activity 
 
 
 
Amounts due from a related company (non-trade) 
 
32,744,404 
(9,907,123) 
Net cash from/(used in) investing activity 
 
32,744,404 
(9,907,123) 
 
 
 
 
Cash flows from financing activities 
 
 
 
Dividend paid 
 
(39,000,000) 
– 
Amounts due to related companies (non-trade) 
12 
2,920,103 
– 
Net cash used in financing activities 
 
(36,079,897) 
– 
 
 
 
 
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
 
9,010,669 
(30,351) 
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 
 
2,029 
32,380 
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 
9 
9,012,698 
2,029 
 
 
 
 
 

	
		

--- Page 410 ---
HMH Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd. 
(formerly known as Baker Hughes Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd.) 
Financial statements 
Year ended 31 December 2021 
 
 
Notes to the financial statements 
 
These notes form an integral part of the financial statements. 
 
The financial statements were authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 12 August 2022. 
 
 
1 
Domicile and activities 
 
HMH Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd. (formerly known as Baker Hughes Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd.) (the 
“Company”) is incorporated in Singapore and has its principal place of business at 25 Benoi Lane 
Singapore 627800. 
 
The principal activities of the Company are those relating to the manufacture and repairs of 
industrial process control equipment for use mainly in the exploration and production of oil and 
gas. 
 
The immediate holding company is MHWirth (Singapore) Ptd. Ltd., incorporated in Singapore. 
the intermediate and ultimate holding companies are MHWirth AS and HMH Holding BV 
respectively, incorporated in Norway and the Netherlands respectively. 
 
 
2 
Basis of preparation 
 
2.1 
Statement of compliance 
 
The financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Singapore Financial Reporting 
Standards (International) (“SFRS(I)”) and International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”).  
 
SFRS(I)s are issued by the Accounting Standards Council, which comprise standards and 
interpretations that are equivalent to IFRSs issued by the International Accounting Standards 
Board. 
 
All references to SFRS(I) and IFRS are subsequently referred to as IFRS in these financial 
statements unless otherwise specified. 
 
Adoption of SFRS(I) and IFRS 
 
These are the Company’s first financial statements prepared in accordance with SFRS(I) and 
IFRS. 
 
In the previous financial years, the financial statements were prepared in accordance with 
Financial Reporting Standards in Singapore (FRSs).  
 
In adopting the new framework, the Company applied the specific transition requirements in IFRS 
1 First-time Adoption of International Financial Reporting Standards in the preparation of the 
opening IFRS statement of financial position at 1 January 2020 (the Company’s date of 
transition). 
 
 

	
		

--- Page 411 ---
HMH Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd. 
(formerly known as Baker Hughes Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd.) 
Financial statements 
Year ended 31 December 2021 
 
 
In addition to the adoption of the new framework, the Company also concurrently applied the 
following new IFRSs, amendments to and interpretation of IFRS which are effective from the 
same date: 
 
x 
COVID-19-Related Rent Concessions (Amendments to IFRS 16)  
x 
Interest Rate Benchmark Reform – Phase 2 (Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39 and IFRS 7, IFRS 
4 and IFRS 16) 
 
The adoption of new framework and application of the above standards and interpretations do not 
have a significant impact on the financial statements. 
 
2.2 
Basis of measurement 
 
The financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis, except as otherwise 
described in the notes below. 
 
2.3 
Functional and presentation currency 
 
The financial statements are presented in United States (“US”) dollars which is the Company’s 
functional currency. 
 
2.4 
Use of estimates and judgements 
 
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with IFRS requires management to make 
judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and 
reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. Actual results may differ from these 
estimates. 
 
Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting 
estimates are recognised prospectively. 
 
Management is of the opinion that there are no critical judgements made in applying the entity’s 
accounting policies. 
 
Information about assumptions and estimation uncertainties that have a significant risk of 
resulting in a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next 
financial year are included in the following notes: 
 
x 
Note 7 – Inventories 
x 
Note 18 – Measurement of loss allowance for trade receivables 
 
Measurement of fair values 
 
A number of the Company’s accounting policies and disclosures require the measurement of fair 
values, for both financial and non-financial assets and liabilities. 
 

	
		

--- Page 412 ---
HMH Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd. 
(formerly known as Baker Hughes Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd.) 
Financial statements 
Year ended 31 December 2021 
 
 
The treasury team regularly reviews significant unobservable inputs and valuation adjustments.  
If third party information, such as broker quotes or pricing services, is used to measure fair value, 
then the treasury team assesses and documents the evidence obtained from the third parties to 
support the conclusion that such valuations meet the requirements of IFRS, including the level in 
the fair value hierarchy in which such valuations should be classified. The treasury team reports 
to the finance team for all significant fair value measurements. 
When measuring the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Company uses market observable 
data as far as possible.  Fair values are categorised into different levels in a fair value hierarchy 
based on the inputs used in the valuation techniques as follows: 
 
 
 Level 1: 
quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that
the Company can access at the measurement date; 
 
 
 
 
 Level 2: 
inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the 
asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and 
 
 
 
 
 Level 3: 
unobservable inputs for the asset or liability. 
 
If the inputs used to measure the fair value of an asset or a liability might be categorised in 
different levels of the fair value hierarchy, then the fair value measurement is categorised in its 
entirety in the same level of the fair value hierarchy as the lowest level input that is significant to 
the entire measurement (with Level 3 being the lowest). 
 
The Company recognises transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy as of the end of the 
reporting period during which the change has occurred. 
 
 
3 
Significant accounting policies 
 
The accounting policies set out below have been applied consistently to all periods presented in 
the financial statements and in preparing the opening statements of financial position at 1 January 
2020 for the purposes of transition to IFRS, unless otherwise stated. 
 
3.1 
Foreign currency transactions 
 
Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the functional currency of the Company at 
exchange rates at the dates of the transactions.  Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in 
foreign currencies at the reporting date are translated to the functional currency at the exchange 
rate at that date.  The foreign currency gain or loss on monetary items is the difference between 
amortised cost in the functional currency at the beginning of the year, adjusted for effective 
interest and payments during the year, and the amortised cost in foreign currency translated at the 
exchange rate at the end of the year. 
 
Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are measured at fair 
value are translated to the functional currency at the exchange rate at the date that the fair value 
was determined. Non-monetary items in a foreign currency that are measured in terms of historical 
cost are translated using the exchange rate at the date of the transaction. Foreign currency 
differences arising on translation are generally recognised in profit or loss.  
 
 

	
		

--- Page 413 ---
HMH Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd. 
(formerly known as Baker Hughes Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd.) 
Financial statements 
Year ended 31 December 2021 
 
 
3.2 
Financial instruments 
 
(i) 
Recognition and initial measurement 
 
Non-derivative financial assets and financial liabilities 
 
Trade receivables and debt investments issued are initially recognised when they are originated.   
All other financial assets and financial liabilities are initially recognised when the Company 
becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument. 
 
A financial asset (unless it is a trade receivable without a significant financing component) or 
financial liability is initially measured at fair value plus or minus, for an item not at fair value 
through profit or loss (“FVTPL”), transaction costs that are directly attributable to its acquisition 
or issue.  A trade receivable without a significant financing component is initially measured at the 
transaction price. 
 
(ii) 
Classification and subsequent measurement 
 
Non-derivative financial assets  
 
On initial recognition, a financial asset is classified as measured at amortised cost. 
 
Financial assets are not reclassified subsequent to their initial recognition unless the Company 
changes its business model for managing financial assets, in which case all affected financial 
assets are reclassified on the first day of the first reporting period following the change in the 
business model. 
 
Financial assets at amortised cost 
 
A financial asset is measured at amortised cost if it meets both of the following conditions and is 
not designated as at FVTPL: 
 
x 
it is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets to collect contractual cash 
flows; and 
x 
its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of 
principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. 
 
Financial assets: Business model assessment  
 
The Company makes an assessment of the objective of the business model in which a financial 
asset is held at a portfolio level because this best reflects the way the business is managed and 
information is provided to management.  The information considered includes: 
 
x 
the stated policies and objectives for the portfolio and the operation of those policies in 
practice. These include whether management’s strategy focuses on earning contractual 
interest income, maintaining a particular interest rate profile, matching the duration of the 
financial assets to the duration of any related liabilities or expected cash outflows or realising 
cash flows through the sale of the assets; 
x 
how the performance of the portfolio is evaluated and reported to the Company’s 
management; 

	
		

--- Page 414 ---
HMH Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd. 
(formerly known as Baker Hughes Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd.) 
Financial statements 
Year ended 31 December 2021 
 
 
x 
the risks that affect the performance of the business model (and the financial assets held within 
that business model) and how those risks are managed; 
x 
how managers of the business are compensated – e.g. whether compensation is based on the 
fair value of the assets managed or the contractual cash flows collected; and 
x 
the frequency, volume and timing of sales of financial assets in prior periods, the reasons for 
such sales and expectations about future sales activity. 
 
Transfers of financial assets to third parties in transactions that do not qualify for derecognition 
are not considered sales for this purpose, consistent with the Company’s continuing recognition 
of the assets. 
 
Financial assets that are held-for-trading or are managed and whose performance is evaluated on 
a fair value basis are measured at FVTPL. 
 
Non-derivative financial assets: Assessment whether contractual cash flows are solely 
payments of principal and interest  
 
For the purposes of this assessment, ‘principal’ is defined as the fair value of the financial asset 
on initial recognition.  ‘Interest’ is defined as consideration for the time value of money and for 
the credit risk associated with the principal amount outstanding during a particular period of time 
and for other basic lending risks and costs (e.g. liquidity risk and administrative costs), as well as 
a profit margin. 
 
In assessing whether the contractual cash flows are solely payments of principal and interest, the 
Company considers the contractual terms of the instrument.  This includes assessing whether the 
financial asset contains a contractual term that could change the timing or amount of contractual 
cash flows such that it would not meet this condition.  In making this assessment, the Company 
considers: 
 
x 
contingent events that would change the amount or timing of cash flows;  
x 
terms that may adjust the contractual coupon rate, including variable rate features; 
x 
prepayment and extension features; and 
x 
terms that limit the Company’s claim to cash flows from specified assets (e.g. non-recourse 
features). 
 
A prepayment feature is consistent with the solely payments of principal and interest criterion if 
the prepayment amount substantially represents unpaid amounts of principal and interest on the 
principal amount outstanding, which may include reasonable additional compensation for early 
termination of the contract.  Additionally, for a financial asset acquired at a significant discount 
or premium to its contractual par amount, a feature that permits or requires prepayment at an 
amount that substantially represents the contractual par amount plus accrued (but unpaid) 
contractual interest (which may also include reasonable additional compensation for early 
termination) is treated as consistent with this criterion if the fair value of the prepayment feature 
is insignificant at initial recognition. 
 
 
 
 
 
 

	
		

--- Page 415 ---
HMH Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd. 
(formerly known as Baker Hughes Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd.) 
Financial statements 
Year ended 31 December 2021 
 
 
Non-derivative financial assets: Subsequent measurement and gains and losses  
 
Financial assets at amortised cost 
 
These assets are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. The 
amortised cost is reduced by impairment losses. Interest income, foreign exchange gains and 
losses and impairment are recognised in profit or loss. Any gain or loss on derecognition is 
recognised in profit or loss. 
 
Non-derivative financial liabilities: Classification, subsequent measurement and gains and 
losses 
 
Financial liabilities are classified as measured at amortised cost.   
 
Financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value less directly attributable transaction costs.  
They are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Interest 
expense and foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss. These financial 
liabilities comprised trade and other payables. 
 
(iii) 
Derecognition 
 
Financial assets 
 
The Company derecognises a financial asset when:  
 
x 
the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset expire; or  
x 
it transfers the rights to receive the contractual cash flows in a transaction in which either  
- 
substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset are transferred; 
or  
- 
the Company neither transfers nor retains substantially all of the risks and rewards of 
ownership and it does not retain control of the financial asset. 
 
Transferred assets are not derecognised when the Company enters into transactions whereby it 
transfers assets recognised in its statement of financial position, but retains either all or 
substantially all of the risks and rewards of the transferred assets.  
 
Financial liabilities 
 
The Company derecognises a financial liability when its contractual obligations are discharged 
or cancelled, or expire. The Company also derecognises a financial liability when its terms are 
modified and the cash flows of the modified liability are substantially different, in which case a 
new financial liability based on the modified terms is recognised at fair value. 
 
On derecognition of a financial liability, the difference between the carrying amount extinguished 
and the consideration paid (including any non-cash assets transferred or liabilities assumed) is 
recognised in profit or loss. 
 
 
 
 
 

	
		

--- Page 416 ---
HMH Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd. 
(formerly known as Baker Hughes Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd.) 
Financial statements 
Year ended 31 December 2021 
 
 
(iv) 
Offsetting 
 
Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount presented in the statement 
of financial position when, and only when, the Company currently has a legally enforceable right 
to set off the amounts and it intends either to settle them on a net basis or to realise the asset and 
settle the liability simultaneously. 
 
(v) 
Cash and cash equivalents 
 
Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances and short-term deposits with maturities of three 
months or less from the date of acquisition that are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in 
their fair value, and are used by the Company in the management of its short-term commitments. 
 
(vi) 
Share capital 
 
Ordinary shares 
 
Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of 
ordinary shares are recognised as a deduction from equity, net of any tax effect. Income tax 
relating to transaction costs of an equity transaction is accounted for in accordance with IAS 12. 
 
(vii) 
Intra-group financial guarantees 
 
Financial guarantees are financial instruments issued by the Company that require the issuer to 
make specified payments to reimburse the holder for the loss it incurs because a specified debtor 
fails to meet payment when due in accordance with the original or modified terms of a debt 
instrument. 
 
Financial guarantees issued are initially measured at fair value.  Subsequently, they are measured 
at the higher of the loss allowance determined in accordance with IFRS 9 and the amount initially 
recognised less, when appropriate, the cumulative amount of income recognised in accordance 
with the principles of IFRS 15. 
 
ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses.  ECLs are measured for financial 
guarantees issued as the expected payments to reimburse the holder less any amounts that the 
Company expects to recover. 
 
3.3 
Impairment of financial assets 
 
(i) 
Non-derivative financial assets  
 
The Company recognises loss allowances for expected credit losses (“ECLs”) on financial assets 
measured at amortised cost. 
 
Loss allowances of the Company are measured on either of the following bases: 
 
x 
12-month ECLs: these are ECLs that result from default events that are possible within the 12 
months after the reporting date (or for a shorter period if the expected life of the instrument is 
less than 12 months); or 
x 
Lifetime ECLs: these are ECLs that result from all possible default events over the expected 
life of a financial instrument or contract asset. 

	
		

--- Page 417 ---
HMH Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd. 
(formerly known as Baker Hughes Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd.) 
Financial statements 
Year ended 31 December 2021 
 
 
Simplified approach 
 
The Company applies the simplified approach to provide for ECLs for all its receivables. The 
simplified approach requires the loss allowance to be measured at an amount equal to lifetime 
ECLs. 
 
Measurement of ECLs 
 
ECLs are probability-weighted estimates of credit losses. Credit losses are measured at the present 
value of all cash shortfalls (i.e. the difference between the cash flows due to the entity in 
accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Company expects to receive).  ECLs are 
discounted at the effective interest rate of the financial asset. 
 
Credit-impaired financial assets 
 
At each reporting date, the Company assesses whether financial assets carried at amortised cost 
are credit-impaired. A financial asset is ‘credit-impaired’ when one or more events that have a 
detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows of the financial asset have occurred. 
 
Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes the following observable data: 
 
x 
significant financial difficulty of the debtor; 
x 
a breach of contract such as a default; 
x 
the restructuring of a loan or advance by the Company on terms that the Company would not 
consider otherwise; or 
x 
it is probable that the debtor will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation. 
 
Presentation of allowance for ECLs in the statement of financial position 
 
Loss allowances for financial assets measured at amortised cost are deducted from the gross 
carrying amount of these assets. 
 
Write-off 
 
The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is written off (either partially or in full) to the 
extent that there is no realistic prospect of recovery.  This is generally the case when the Company 
determines that the debtor does not have assets or sources of income that could generate sufficient 
cash flows to repay the amounts subject to the write-off.  However, financial assets that are written 
off could still be subject to enforcement activities in order to comply with the Company’s 
procedures for recovery of amounts due. 
 
(ii) 
Non-financial assets 
 
The carrying amounts of the Company’s non-financial assets, other than inventories and deferred 
tax assets, are reviewed at each reporting date to determine whether there is any indication of 
impairment. If any such indication exists, then the assets’ recoverable amounts are estimated. 
 

	
		

--- Page 418 ---
HMH Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd. 
(formerly known as Baker Hughes Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd.) 
Financial statements 
Year ended 31 December 2021 
 
 
The recoverable amount of an asset or cash-generating unit (CGU) is the greater of its value-in-
use and its fair value less costs of disposal. In assessing value-in-use, the estimated future cash 
flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market 
assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset or CGU. For the purpose 
of the impairment testing, assets that cannot be tested individually are grouped together into the 
smallest group of the assets that generates cash inflows from continuing use that are largely 
independent of the cash inflows of other assets or CGU. 
 
An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an assets or its CGU exceeds its 
estimated recoverable amount.  Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss. 
 
Impairment losses recognised in prior periods are assessed at each reporting date for any 
indications that the loss has decreased or no longer exists. An impairment loss is reversed if there 
has been a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount. An impairment loss 
is reversed only to the extent that the asset’s carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount 
that would have been determined, net of depreciation, if no impairment loss had been recognised. 
 
3.4 
Property, plant and equipment 
 
(i) 
Recognition and measurement 
 
Items of property, plant and equipment are measured at cost, which includes capitalised borrowing 
costs, less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses. 
 
Cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the asset.  The cost of 
self-constructed assets includes: 
 
x 
the cost of materials and direct labour;  
x 
any other costs directly attributable to bringing the assets to a working condition for their 
intended use;  
x 
when the Company has an obligation to remove the asset or restore the site, an estimate of the 
costs of dismantling and removing the items and restoring the site on which they are located; 
and 
x 
capitalised borrowing costs. 
 
Cost may also include transfers from equity of any gain or loss on qualifying cash flow hedges of 
foreign currency purchases of property, plant and equipment.  Purchased software that is integral 
to the functionality of the related equipment is capitalised as part of that equipment. 
 
If significant parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, they 
are accounted for as separate items (major components) of property, plant and equipment. 
 
The gain or loss on disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment is recognised in profit or 
loss. 
 
 
 
 
 
 

	
		

--- Page 419 ---
HMH Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd. 
(formerly known as Baker Hughes Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd.) 
Financial statements 
Year ended 31 December 2021 
 
 
(ii) 
Subsequent costs 
 
The cost of replacing a component of an item of property, plant and equipment is recognised in 
the carrying amount of the item if it is probable that the future economic benefits embodied within 
the component will flow to the Company, and its cost can be measured reliably. The carrying 
amount of the replaced component is derecognised. The costs of the day-to-day servicing of 
property, plant and equipment are recognised in profit or loss as incurred. 
 
(iii) 
Depreciation 
 
Depreciation is based on the cost of an asset less its residual value. Significant components of 
individual assets are assessed and if a component has a useful life that is different from the 
remainder of that asset, that component is depreciated separately. 
 
Depreciation is recognised as an expense in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the 
estimated useful lives of each component of an item of property, plant and equipment, unless it is 
included in the carrying amount of another asset. Land is not depreciated. 
 
Depreciation is recognised from the date that the property, plant and equipment are installed and 
are ready for use, or in respect of internally constructed assets, from the date that the asset is 
completed and ready for use. 
 
The estimated useful lives for the current and comparative years are as follows: 
 
Plant and equipment 
10 years 
Furniture, fixtures and office equipment 
4 to 10 years 
 
Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed at the end of each reporting 
period and adjusted if appropriate. 
 
3.5 
Intangible assets 
 
Intangible assets acquired separately are measured initially at cost. Following initial acquisition, 
intangible assets are carried at cost less any accumulated amortisation and any accumulated 
impairment losses. Internally generated intangible assets, excluding capitalised development 
costs, are not capitalised and expenditure is reflected in profit or loss in the year in which the 
expenditure is incurred. 
 
The useful lives of intangible assets are assessed as either finite or indefinite. 
 
Intangible assets with finite useful lives are amortised over the estimated useful lives and assessed 
for impairment whenever there is an indication that the intangible asset may be impaired. The 
amortisation period and the amortisation method are reviewed at least at each financial year-end. 
Changes in the expected useful life or the expected pattern of consumption of future economic 
benefits embodied in the asset is accounted for by changing the amortisation period or method, 
as appropriate, and are treated as changes in accounting estimates. 
 

	
		

--- Page 420 ---
HMH Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd. 
(formerly known as Baker Hughes Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd.) 
Financial statements 
Year ended 31 December 2021 
 
 
Computer software which has finite useful life is measured at cost less accumulated amortisation 
and accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation is charged to the profit or loss on a straight-
line basis over the estimated useful life of not more than 5 years, from the date on which it is 
available for use. Amortisation method, useful life and residual value are reviewed at the end of 
each reporting period and adjusted prospectively, if appropriate.  
 
Gains or losses arising from de-recognition of an intangible asset are measured as the difference 
between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and are recognised in 
profit or loss when the asset is de-recognised. 
 
Amortisation is computed on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the assets, from 
the date on which it is available for the intended use as follows: 
 
x 
Computer software: 5 years 
 
3.6 
Inventories 
 
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs incurred in bringing the 
inventories to their present location and condition are accounted for as follows: 
 
x 
Raw materials: purchase costs on a weighted average cost basis. 
x 
Finished goods and work-in-progress: costs of direct materials and labour and a proportion of 
manufacturing overheads based on normal operating capacity. These costs are assigned on a 
weighted average cost basis. 
 
Where necessary, allowance is provided for damaged, obsolete and slow moving items to adjust 
the carrying value of inventories to the lower of cost and net realisable value. 
 
Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less estimated 
costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale. 
 
3.7 
Employee benefits 
 
Defined contribution plans 
 
A defined contribution plan is a post-employment benefit plan under which an entity pays fixed 
contributions into a separate entity and will have no legal or constructive obligation to pay further 
amounts. Obligations for contributions to defined contribution pension plans are recognised as an 
employee benefit expense in profit or loss in the periods during which related services are 
rendered by employees. 
 
Short-term employee benefits 
 
Short-term employee benefit obligations are measured on an undiscounted basis and are expensed 
as the related service is provided. A liability is recognised for the amount expected to be paid 
under short-term cash bonus or profit-sharing plans if the Company has a present legal or 
constructive obligation to pay this amount as a result of past service provided by the employee, 
and the obligation can be estimated reliably. 
 
 

	
		

--- Page 421 ---
HMH Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd. 
(formerly known as Baker Hughes Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd.) 
Financial statements 
Year ended 31 December 2021 
 
 
3.8 
Revenue  
 
Sale of goods and services 
 
Revenue from sale of goods and services in the ordinary course of business is recognised when 
the Company satisfies a performance obligation (“PO”) by transferring control of a promised 
good or service to the customer. The amount of revenue recognised is the amount of the 
transaction price allocated to the satisfied PO. 
 
The transaction price is allocated to each PO in the contract on the basis of the relative stand-
alone selling prices of the promised goods or services. The individual standalone selling price of 
a good or service that has not previously been sold on a stand-alone basis, or has a highly variable 
selling price, is determined based on the residual portion of the transaction price after allocating 
the transaction price to goods and/or services with observable stand-alone selling prices. A 
discount or variable consideration is allocated to one or more, but not all, of the performance 
obligations if it relates specifically to those performance obligations. 
 
The transaction price is the amount of consideration in the contract to which the Company expects 
to be entitled in exchange for transferring the promised goods or services. The transaction price 
is fixed and is adjusted for time value of money if the contract includes a significant financing 
component. Consideration payable to a customer is deducted from the transaction price if the 
Company does not receive a separate identifiable benefit from the customer. When consideration 
is variable, the estimated amount is included in the transaction price to the extent that it is highly 
probable that a significant reversal of the cumulative revenue will not occur when the uncertainty 
associated with the variable consideration is resolved. 
 
The Company recognises revenue at the point in time that the customer obtains control of the 
goods, which is no earlier than when the customer has physical possession of the product.  
 
Rendering of services 
 
Revenue from the sale of services may be recognised at a point in time or over time following the 
timing of satisfaction of the PO. If a PO is related to long-term services or extended agreements 
satisfied over time, revenue is recognised on an over time basis using input method to measure 
progress toward completion at the estimated margin rate of the contract. The differences between 
the timing of revenue recognized (based on costs incurred) and customer billings (based on 
contractual terms) result in changes to contract asset or contract liability positions. 
 
Incremental costs of obtaining a contract are capitalised if these costs are recoverable.  Costs 
incurred to fulfil a contract are capitalised only if the costs relate directly to the contract, generate 
or enhance resources used in satisfying future performance obligations, and are expected to be 
recovered.  These costs would be amortised consistently with the pattern of revenue for the related 
contract. Other costs are expensed as incurred.  The Company has applied the practical expedient 
and recognised the incremental costs of obtaining contracts as an expense when incurred if the 
amortisation period of the assets that the Company otherwise would have recognised is one year 
or less.   
 
3.9 
Finance income and finance costs 
 
Finance income comprises of interest income. Interest income is accrued in profit or loss, using 
the effective interest method. 

	
		

--- Page 422 ---
HMH Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd. 
(formerly known as Baker Hughes Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd.) 
Financial statements 
Year ended 31 December 2021 
 
 
Finance costs comprise fair value losses on derivatives. 
 
Foreign currency gain or losses are reported on a net basis as either finance income or finance 
cost depending on whether foreign currency movement are in a net gain or net loss position. 
 
3.10 
Tax 
 
Tax expense comprises current and deferred tax. Current tax and deferred tax are recognised in 
profit or loss except to the extent that it relates to a business combination, or items recognised 
directly in equity or in other comprehensive income. 
 
The Company has determined that interest and penalties related to income taxes, including 
uncertain tax treatments, do not meet the definition of income taxes, and therefore accounted for 
them under IAS 37 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets. 
 
Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for the year, 
using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date, and any adjustment to tax 
payable in respect of previous years. The amount of current tax payable or receivable is the best 
estimate of the tax amount expected to be paid or received that reflects uncertainty related to 
income taxes, if any. Current tax also includes any tax arising from dividends. 
 
Current tax assets and liabilities are offset only if certain criteria are met. 
 
Deferred tax is recognised in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of 
assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes.  
Deferred tax is not recognised for temporary differences on the initial recognition of assets or 
liabilities in a transaction that is not a business combination and that affects neither accounting 
nor taxable profit or loss. 
 
The measurement of deferred taxes reflects the tax consequences that would follow the manner 
in which the Company expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying 
amount of its assets and liabilities. Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are expected to 
be applied to temporary differences when they reverse, based on tax rates and tax laws that have 
been enacted or substantively enacted by the reporting date, and reflects uncertainty related to 
income taxes, if any. 
 
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset if there is a legally enforceable right to offset current 
tax liabilities and assets, and they relate to taxes levied by the same tax authority on the same 
taxable entity and the Company intends to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis or 
their tax assets and liabilities will be realised simultaneously. 
 
Deferred tax assets are recognised for unused tax losses, unused tax credits and deductible 
temporary differences to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available 
against which they can be used. Future taxable profits are determined based on the reversal of 
relevant taxable temporary differences. If the amount of taxable temporary differences is 
insufficient to recognise a deferred tax asset in full, then future taxable profits, adjusted for 
reversals of existing temporary differences, are considered, based on the business plans for the 
Company.  Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date and are reduced to the extent 
that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will be realised; such reductions are 
reversed when the probability of future taxable profits improves. 
 

	
		

--- Page 423 ---
HMH Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd. 
(formerly known as Baker Hughes Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd.) 
Financial statements 
Year ended 31 December 2021 
 
 
Unrecognised deferred tax assets are reassessed at each reporting date and recognised to the extent 
that it has become probable that future taxable profits will be available against which they can be 
used. 
 
In determining the amount of current and deferred tax, the Company takes into account the impact 
of uncertain tax positions and whether additional taxes and interest may be due.  The Company 
believes that its accruals for tax liabilities are adequate for all open tax years based on its 
assessment of many factors, including interpretations of tax law and prior experience. This 
assessment relies on estimates and assumptions and may involve a series of judgements about 
future events. New information may become available that causes the Company to change its 
judgement regarding the adequacy of existing tax liabilities; such changes to tax liabilities will 
impact tax expense in the period that such a determination is made. 
 
3.11 
New accounting standards and interpretations not adopted 
 
A number of new standards, interpretations and amendments to standards are effective for annual 
periods beginning after 1 January 2021 and earlier application is permitted; however, the 
Company has not early adopted the new or amended standards and interpretations in preparing 
these financial statements. 
 
The following new IFRSs, interpretations and amendments to IFRSs are not expected to have a 
significant impact on the Company’s financial statements. 
 
x 
IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts and Amendments to IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts 
x 
Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current (Amendments to IAS 1)  
x 
Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions beyond 30 June 2021 (Amendment to IFRS 16) 
x 
Reference to the Conceptual Framework (Amendments to IFRS 3) 
x 
Property, plant and equipment – Proceeds before Intended Use (Amendments to IAS 16) 
x 
Onerous Contracts – Cost of Fulfilling a Contract (Amendments to IAS 37) 
x 
Annual Improvements to IFRSs 2018-2020 
x 
Disclosure of Accounting Policies (Amendments IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2) 
x 
Definition of Accounting Estimates (Amendments to IAS 8) 
x 
Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction 
(Amendments to IAS 12) 
 
 
 
 

	
		

--- Page 424 ---
HMH Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd. 
(formerly known as Baker Hughes Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd.) 
Financial statements 
Year ended 31 December 2021 
 
 
4 
Property, plant and equipment 
 
Plant and  
equipment 
Furniture, 
fixtures and  
office 
equipment 
Total 
 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
Cost 
 
 
 
At 1 January 2020 and 31 December 2020 
1,282,112 
29,118 
1,311,230 
Additions 
624,325 
– 
624,325 
At 31 December 2021 
1,906,437 
29,118 
1,935,555 
 
 
 
 
Accumulated depreciation 
 
 
 
At 1 January 2020 
783,057 
29,118 
812,175 
Depreciation for the year 
108,288 
– 
108,288 
At 31 December 2020 
891,345 
29,118 
920,463 
Depreciation for the year 
186,928 
– 
186,928 
At 31 December 2021 
1,078,273 
29,118 
1,107,391 
 
 
 
 
Carrying amounts 
 
 
 
At 1 January 2020 
499,055 
– 
499,055 
At 31 December 2020 
390,767 
– 
390,767 
At 31 December 2021 
828,164 
– 
828,164 
 
 
 
 
 
5 
Intangible assets 
 
Computer 
software 
 
US$ 
Cost 
 
At 1 January 2020, 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 
1,844,617 
 
 
Accumulated amortisation 
 
At 1 January 2020 
1,383,463 
Amortisation 
368,923 
At 31 December 2020 
1,752,386 
Amortisation 
61,487 
At 31 December 2021 
1,813,873 
 
 
Carrying amounts 
 
At 1 January 2020 
461,154 
At 31 December 2020 
92,231 
At 31 December 2021 
30,744 
 
 
 
 
 

	
		

--- Page 425 ---
HMH Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd. 
(formerly known as Baker Hughes Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd.) 
Financial statements 
Year ended 31 December 2021 
 
 
6 
Deferred tax assets 
 
Deferred tax assets as at 31 December 2021 relates to the following: 
 
 
At  
1 January  
2020 
Recognised 
in profit 
or loss 
(Note 16)  
At  
31 December 
2020 
Recognised 
in profit 
or loss 
(Note 16)  
At  
31 December 
2021 
 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
Deferred tax assets 
 
 
 
 
 
Inventories 
430,213 
119,672 
549,885 
63,992 
613,877 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Deferred tax liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
Plant and equipment 
(84,839) 
18,409 
(66,430) 
(3,601) 
(70,031) 
Intangible assets 
(78,397) 
62,718 
(15,679) 
10,453 
(5,226) 
 
(163,236) 
81,127 
(82,109) 
6,852 
(75,257) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total deferred tax 
assets 
266,977 
200,799 
467,776 
70,844 
538,620 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
7 
Inventories 
 
2021 
2020 
1 Jan 2020 
 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
 
 
 
 
Work-in-progress 
– 
654,842 
203,731 
Finished goods 
6,421,122 
5,224,857 
6,142,641 
Goods-in-transit 
158,244 
186,336 
180,261 
 
6,579,366 
6,066,035 
6,526,633 
 
 
 
 
In 2021, inventories of US$7,529,893 (2020: US$6,212,934) were recognised as expense and 
included in cost of sales. 
 
Source of estimation uncertainty 
 
Inventories have been written down to net realisable value to be consistent with the view that 
assets should not be carried in excess of amounts expected to be realised from their sale or use. 
Estimates of net realisable value are based on the most reliable evidence available at the balance 
sheet date. These estimates take into consideration the future product demand, market conditions, 
production requirements and technological developments directly relating to events occurring 
after the end of the financial year to the extent that such events confirm conditions existing at the 
end of the financial year. 
 
In 2021, write-down of inventories of US$376,426 was recorded (2020: US$703,957; 1 January 
2020: US$533,134) in cost of sales. 
 
 

	
		

--- Page 426 ---
HMH Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd. 
(formerly known as Baker Hughes Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd.) 
Financial statements 
Year ended 31 December 2021 
 
 
8 
Trade and other receivables 
 
Note 
2021 
2020 
1 Jan 2020 
 
 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
 
 
 
 
 
Trade receivables 
 
5,734,802 
5,810,483 
2,762,580 
Contract assets 
 
555,835 
527,139 
101,559 
Amounts due from related corporations 
(trade) 
 
329,378 
2,608,722 
2,526,035 
Amount due from a related corporation 
(non-trade) 
 
17,576 
32,761,981 
22,854,858 
Other receivables 
 
30,122 
161,579 
252,088 
 
 
6,667,713 
41,869,904 
28,497,120 
Add: Cash and cash equivalents 
9 
9,012,698 
2,029 
32,380 
Total financial assets at amortised cost  
 
15,680,411 
41,871,933 
28,529,500 
 
 
 
 
 
The contract assets primarily relate to the Company’s rights to consideration for work completed 
but not billed at the reporting date in respect of its rights to consideration for services transferred 
to date. The contract assets are transferred to trade receivables when the rights become 
unconditional. This usually occurs when the Company invoices the customer. 
 
As at 31 December 2020 and 1 January 2020, the non-trade amounts due from a related 
corporation mainly comprised a loan to a related company under the Singapore US$ and SGD 
cash pool where the Company was a participant. The loan was unsecured, repayable on demand, 
and carried at variable interest rate of LIBOR. The Company exited the cash pool arrangement in 
2021. 
 
The Company's exposure to credit risks related to trade and other receivables are disclosed in note 
18. 
 
 
9 
Cash and cash equivalents 
 
 
2021 
2020 
1 Jan 2020 
 
 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash at bank 
 
9,012,698 
2,029 
32,380 
 
 
 
 
 
 
10 
Share capital 
 
2021 
2020 
 
No. of shares 
US$ 
No. of shares 
US$ 
Fully paid ordinary shares, 
with no par value: 
 
 
 
 
At 1 January and 31 December 
8,310,992 
8,321,394 
8,310,992 
8,321,394 
 
 
 
 
 
The holder of ordinary shares is entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and 
is entitled to one vote per share at meetings of the Company. All shares rank equally with regard 
to the Company’s residual assets. 
 

	
		

--- Page 427 ---
HMH Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd. 
(formerly known as Baker Hughes Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd.) 
Financial statements 
Year ended 31 December 2021 
 
 
The Company’s ordinary shares are pledged by the ultimate holding company as financial 
guarantees for its liabilities to a financial institution. 
 
Capital management 
 
The primary objective of the Company's capital management is to ensure that it maintains a strong 
credit rating and healthy capital ratios in order to support its business and maximise shareholder 
value. 
 
The Company manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it, in light of changes in 
economic conditions. To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Company may adjust the 
dividend payment to shareholders, return capital to shareholders or issue new shares. No changes 
were made in the objectives, policies or processes during the years ended 31 December 2021 and 
31 December 2020. 
 
On 10 September 2021, the Company declared tax-exempt dividend to its immediate holding 
company of US$4.69 per ordinary share. The total amount of dividend declared was 
US$39,000,000. It was settled in cash during 2021. 
 
The Company is not subject to externally imposed capital requirements. 
 
 
11 
Capital reserve 
 
This represents the excess of consideration over the fair value of the assets and liabilities acquired 
upon the transfer of business and certain assets and liabilities of the PCB division from a related 
company to the Company in 2008. 
 
 
12 
Trade and other payables 
 
2021 
2020 
1 Jan 2020 
 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
 
 
 
 
Trade payables 
2,077,636 
1,369,295 
1,193,885 
Amounts due to related companies (trade) 
1,802,429 
1,346,374 
1,023,120 
Amounts due to related companies (non-trade) 
3,550,541 
519,773 
– 
Contract liabilities 
5,111,857 
621,427 
137,701 
Other payables and accrued expenses 
690,079 
760,328 
274,604 
Total trade and other payables 
13,232,542 
4,617,197 
2,629,310 
 
 
 
 
Total financial liabilities carried at amortised 
cost 
13,232,542 
4,617,197 
2,629,310 
 
 
 
 
The contract liabilities primarily relate to the advance consideration received from customers 
amounting to US$1,687,591 (2020: US$Nil; 1 January 2020: US$Nil) for which revenue is 
recognised over time, and US$3,424,266 (2020: US$621,427; 1 January 2020: US$137,701) for 
which revenue is recognised at a point in time. 
 
 

	
		

--- Page 428 ---
HMH Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd. 
(formerly known as Baker Hughes Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd.) 
Financial statements 
Year ended 31 December 2021 
 
 
Amounts due to related companies are unsecured, non-interest bearing, short-term and are to be 
settled in cash. 
 
Reconciliation of movements of liabilities to cash flows arising from financing activities 
 
 
 
Amounts due 
to related 
companies 
(non-trade) 
 
 
US$ 
 
 
 
Balance as at 1 January 2020 
 
– 
Other changes 
 
 
Liability-related 
 
 
Payment on behalf/service fees charged by related companies 
 
519,773 
Total other changes 
 
519,773 
Balance as at 31 December 2020 
 
519,773 
 
 
 
Balance as at 1 January 2021 
 
519,773 
Change from financing cash flows 
 
 
Proceeds from non-trade amount from a related company 
 
2,920,103 
Total changes from financing cash flows 
 
2,920,103 
Other changes 
 
 
Liability-related 
 
 
Payment on behalf/service fees charged by related companies 
 
110,665 
Total other changes 
 
110,665 
Balance as at 31 December 2021 
 
3,550,541 
 
The company’s exposure to liquidity and currency risk related to trade and other payables are 
disclosed in note 18. 
 
 
13 
Revenue 
 
 
2021 
2020 
 
 
US$ 
US$ 
 
 
 
 
Revenue from contracts with customers – sales of goods 
 
13,965,355 
15,612,950 
Revenue from contracts with customers – rendering of 
services 
 
7,706,037 
7,689,167 
 
 
21,671,392 
23,302,117 
 
 
 
 
Revenue recognised: 
 
 
 
At a point in time 
 
13,965,355 
15,612,950 
Over time 
 
7,706,037 
7,689,167 
 
 
21,671,392 
23,302,117 
 
 
 
 
The following tables provide information about the nature and timing of the satisfaction of 
performance obligations in contracts with customers, including significant payment terms, and 
the related revenue recognition policies: 

	
		

--- Page 429 ---
HMH Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd. 
(formerly known as Baker Hughes Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd.) 
Financial statements 
Year ended 31 December 2021 
 
 
Sales of goods  
 
Nature of goods 
Manufacture and sale of industrial process control equipment. 
When revenue is recognised 
The Company recognises revenue at the point in time that the 
customer obtains control of the goods, which is no earlier than 
when the customer has physical possession of the product 
Significant payment terms 
30 days from invoice date. 
Obligations for warranties 
The Company is obliged to a 12 months warranties to the 
customers based on shipment date from, or from the date of 
notice that the goods are ready for shipment. 
 
Rendering of services 
 
Nature of goods or services 
Repairs of industrial process control equipment. 
When revenue is recognised 
Revenue from the sale of services may be recognised at a point 
in time or over time following the timing of satisfaction of the 
PO. If a PO related to long-term services or extended 
agreements is satisfied over time, revenue is recognised on an 
over time using input method to measure progress toward 
completion at the estimated margin rate of the contract. 
Significant payment terms 
30 days from invoice date. 
Obligations for warranties 
The Company is obliged to a warranty to customers ranging 6 
to 18 months for the services rendered depending on the nature 
of repair, replaced or re-performed products parts or services. 
 
Contract balances 
 
The following table provides information about receivables, contract assets and contract liabilities 
from contracts with customers.  
 
 
 
2021 
2020 
1 Jan 2020 
 
 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
 
 
 
 
 
Trade receivables 
 
5,734,802 
5,810,483 
2,762,580 
Contract assets 
 
555,835 
527,139 
101,559 
Contract liabilities 
 
(5,111,857) 
(621,427) 
(137,701) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

	
		

--- Page 430 ---
HMH Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd. 
(formerly known as Baker Hughes Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd.) 
Financial statements 
Year ended 31 December 2021 
 
 
Significant changes in the contract assets and the contract liabilities balances during the period 
are as follows. 
 
 
Contract assets 
Contract liabilities 
 
2021 
2020 
2021 
2020 
 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
 
 
 
 
 
Revenue recognised that was 
included in the contract 
liability balance at the 
beginning of the year 
– 
– 
599,147 
137,701 
Increases due to cash received, 
excluding amounts 
recognised as revenue during 
the year 
– 
– 
(5,089,577) 
(621,427) 
Contract asset reclassified to 
trade receivables  
(527,139) 
(101,559) 
– 
– 
Changes in measurement of 
progress 
555,835 
527,139 
– 
– 
 
 
 
 
 
The Company applies the practical expedient in paragraph 121 of IFRS 15 and does not disclose 
information about its remaining performance obligations if: 
 
x 
the performance obligation is part of a contract that has an original expected duration of one 
year or less; or 
x 
the Company has a right to invoice a customer in an amount that corresponds directly with its 
performance to date, then it recognises revenue in that amount. 
 
The Company’s exposure to impairment losses for contract assets is disclosed in note 18.  
 
 
14 
Finance income and finance expense 
 
 
2021 
2020 
 
 
US$ 
US$ 
 
 
 
 
Foreign exchange gain 
 
61,663 
264,083 
Interest income 
 
36 
120,008 
Finance income 
 
61,699 
384,091 
 
 
 
 
Interest expense 
 
(2,768) 
(3) 
Finance expense 
 
(2,768) 
(3) 
 
 
 
 
Net finance income recognised in profit or loss 
 
58,931 
384,088 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

	
		

--- Page 431 ---
HMH Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd. 
(formerly known as Baker Hughes Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd.) 
Financial statements 
Year ended 31 December 2021 
 
 
15 
Profit before tax 
 
The following items have been included in arriving at profit before tax: 
 
 
Note 
2021 
2020 
 
 
US$ 
US$ 
 
 
 
 
Staff costs 
 
1,939,424 
1,809,095 
Contribution to defined contribution plans, included in 
staff costs 
 
122,693 
102,864 
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment 
4 
186,928 
108,288 
Amortisation of intangible assets 
5 
61,487 
368,923 
Management fees charged by related companies 
 
44,401 
621,995 
Impairment loss on trade receivables due from related 
parties 
 
1,998,829 
– 
 
 
 
 
 
16 
Tax expense 
 
2021 
2020 
 
US$ 
US$ 
Current tax expense 
 
 
Current year 
1,774,134 
2,234,318 
Over provision in prior years 
(29,436) 
(43,200) 
 
1,744,698 
2,191,118 
 
Deferred tax expense 
 
 
Origination and reversal of temporary differences 
(70,844) 
(200,799) 
 
(70,844) 
(200,799) 
Total tax expense 
1,673,854 
1,990,319 
 
 
 
Reconciliation of effective tax rate 
 
 
 
 
 
Profit before income tax 
7,590,738 
12,048,407 
 
 
 
Tax calculated using Singapore tax rate of 17% (2020: 17%) 
1,290,425 
2,048,229 
Expenses not deductible for tax purposes 
425,833 
4,820 
Income not subject to tax 
(12,968) 
(19,530) 
Over provision in prior years 
(29,436) 
(43,200) 
 
1,673,854 
1,990,319 
 
 
 
 
17 
Related parties 
 
Key management personnel compensation 
 
Key management personnel of the Company are those persons having the authority and 
responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the activities of the Company. The directors 
are considered as key management personnel of the Company. 
 

	
		

--- Page 432 ---
HMH Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd. 
(formerly known as Baker Hughes Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd.) 
Financial statements 
Year ended 31 December 2021 
 
 
Key management personnel compensation comprised: 
 
 
 
2021 
2020 
 
 
US$ 
US$ 
 
 
 
 
Short-term employee benefits 
 
1,216,123 
1,104,086 
 
Other related party transactions 
 
During the financial year, other than those disclosed elsewhere in the financial statements, the 
following significant related party transactions between the Company and its related parties took 
place at terms agreed between the parties: 
 
 
 
2021 
2020 
 
 
US$ 
US$ 
 
 
 
 
Sales to related companies 
 
159,789 
232,034 
Purchases from related companies 
 
(5,042,728) 
(2,937,097) 
Management fees charged by related companies 
 
(44,401) 
(621,995) 
 
 
 
 
 
18 
Financial instruments 
 
Financial risk management 
 
Overview 
 
The Company has exposure to the following risks arising from financial instruments: 
 
x 
credit risk 
x 
liquidity risk 
x 
market risk 
 
This note presents information about the Company’s exposure to each of the above risks, the 
Company’s objectives, policies and processes for measuring and managing risk, and the 
Company’s management of capital. 
 
Risk management framework 
 
The Board of Directors has overall responsibility for the establishment and oversight of the 
Company’s risk management framework. Management is responsible for developing and 
monitoring the Company’s risk management policies.  Management reports regularly to the Board 
of Directors on its activities. 
 
The Company’s risk management policies are established to identify and analyse the risks faced 
by the Company, to set appropriate risk limits and controls, and to monitor risks and adherence 
to limits. Risk management policies and systems are reviewed regularly to reflect changes in 
market conditions and the Company’s activities. The Company, through its training and 
management standards and procedures, aims to develop a disciplined and constructive control 
environment in which all employees understand their roles and obligations. 

	
		

--- Page 433 ---
HMH Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd. 
(formerly known as Baker Hughes Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd.) 
Financial statements 
Year ended 31 December 2021 
 
 
Credit risk 
 
Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Company if a customer or counterparty to a financial 
instrument fails to meet its contractual obligations. This arises from the Company's trade and 
other receivables, and cash and cash equivalents.  
 
The carrying amounts of financial assets and contract assets represent the Company’s maximum 
exposures to credit risk, before taking into account any collateral held. The Company does not 
require any collateral in respect of their financial assets. 
 
As at 31 December 2021, the carrying amount of receivables from the Company’s most significant 
three customers was US$1,374,506 (2020: US$3,593,165; 1 January 2020: US$1,205,012). 
 
Counterparty credit risk 
 
The Company’s exposure to credit risk is influenced mainly by the individual characteristics of 
each customer, its financial position and past experience with the customer. However, 
management also considers the demographics of the Company’s customer base, including the 
default risk associated with the industry and country in which customers operate, as these factors 
may have an influence on credit risk. 
 
 
Amount due from related corporations 
 
The Company performs regular reconsolidations and assessment of recoverability of trade and 
non-trade amounts due from related corporations that is based on an assessment of qualitative and 
quantitative factors that are indicative of the risk of default of each counterparty (including but 
not limited to audited financial statements, management accounts and cash flow projections, and 
applying experienced credit judgement).  Impairment on these balances has been measured on the 
12-month expected credit loss basis unless there is significant increase in credit risk for these 
exposures. Impairment loss recognised in profit or loss for the financial year ended 31 December 
2021 amounted to US$1,998,829 (2020: US$Nil). Based on the Company's further assessment, 
the Company believes that, apart from the above, related parties have sufficient resources to settle 
their liabilities due to the Company as and when due. 
 
Guarantees  
 
As at 31 December 2021, the Company, together with other related parties, jointly guaranteed to 
repay a debt of the ultimate holding company in the event that timely payments of the loan are 
not made. These guarantees are subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9.  The Company 
has assessed that the ultimate holding company has strong financial capacity to meet the 
contractual cash flow obligations in the near future and hence, does not expect significant credit 
losses from these guarantees.  The Company’s assessment is based on qualitative and quantitative 
factors that are indicative of the risk of default (including but not limited to external ratings and 
management accounts, if available, and applying experienced credit judgement). 
 
Expected credit loss assessment for customers  
 
The Company uses an allowance matrix to measure the expected credit losses of trade receivables, 
which comprises a large number of small balances. 
 

	
		

--- Page 434 ---
HMH Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd. 
(formerly known as Baker Hughes Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd.) 
Financial statements 
Year ended 31 December 2021 
 
 
Expected credit loss are based on actual credit loss experience over the past three years. These 
rates are multiplied by scalar factors to reflect differences between economic conditions during 
the period over which the historic data has been collected, current conditions and the Company’s 
view of economic conditions over the expected lives of the receivables.   
 
The following table provides information about the exposure to credit risk and ECLs for trade 
receivables and contract assets for third-party customers: 
 
 
Weighted 
average loss 
rate 
Gross  
carrying 
amount 
Impairment 
loss 
allowance 
 
% 
US$ 
US$ 
31 December 2021 
 
 
 
Not past due 
0% 
4,725,793 
– 
Past due 1 – 30 days 
0% 
1,029,347 
– 
Past due 31 – 60 days 
0% 
430,606 
– 
Past due 61 – 90 days 
0% 
15,958 
– 
Past due 91 – 180 days 
0% 
44,251 
– 
Past due more than 180 days 
0% 
44,682 
– 
 
 
6,290,637 
– 
31 December 2020 
 
 
 
Not past due 
0% 
3,553,531 
– 
Past due 1 – 30 days 
0% 
999,445 
– 
Past due 31 – 60 days 
0% 
190,899 
– 
Past due 61 – 90 days 
0% 
550,561 
– 
Past due 91 – 180 days 
0% 
941,947 
– 
Past due more than 180 days 
0% 
101,239 
– 
 
 
6,337,622 
– 
1 January 2020 
 
 
 
Not past due 
0% 
1,834,752 
– 
Past due 1 – 30 days 
0% 
556,847 
– 
Past due 31 – 60 days 
0% 
139,987 
– 
Past due 61 – 90 days 
0% 
237,129 
– 
Past due 91 – 180 days 
0% 
77,912 
– 
Past due more than 180 days 
0% 
17,512 
– 
 
 
2,864,139 
– 
 
 
 
 
Cash and cash equivalents 
 
The Company held cash and cash equivalents of US$9,012,698 as at 31 December 2021 (2020: 
US$2,029; 1 January 2020: US$32,380). The cash and cash equivalents are held with banks which 
are regulated and are rated Aa2 and Aa3, based on Moody’s ratings. 
 
Impairment on cash and cash equivalents has been measured on the 12-month expected loss basis 
and reflects the short maturities of the exposures. The Company considers that its cash and cash 
equivalents have low credit risk based on the external credit rating of the banks, which meet the 
appropriate credit criteria.  
 
The amount of the allowance on cash and cash equivalents is negligible.   
 

	
		

--- Page 435 ---
HMH Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd. 
(formerly known as Baker Hughes Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd.) 
Financial statements 
Year ended 31 December 2021 
 
 
Liquidity risk 
 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will encounter difficulty in meeting the obligations 
associated with its financial liabilities that are settled by delivering cash or another financial asset. 
 
Exposure to liquidity risk 
 
The following are the contractual maturities of financial liabilities. The amounts are gross and 
undiscounted, and include contractual interest payments and exclude the impact of netting 
agreements: 
 
 
 
2021 
2020 
1 Jan 2020 
 
Note 
One year  
or less 
One year  
or less  
One year  
or less 
 
 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
Non-derivative financial liabilities 
 
 
 
 
Trade and other payables 
12 
(13,232,542) 
(4,617,197) 
(2,629,310) 
 
 
 
 
 
The maturity analyses show the contractual undiscounted cash flows of the Company’s financial 
liabilities on the basis of their earliest possible contractual maturity.  It is not expected that the 
cash flows included in the maturity analysis could occur significantly earlier, or at significantly 
different amounts. 
 
Information on the maturity of the issued financial guarantee is disclosed in note 19. 
 
Market risk 
 
Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices, such as foreign exchange rates, interest rates 
and equity prices will affect the Group’s income or the value of its holdings of financial 
instruments. The objective of market risk management is to manage and control market risk 
exposures within acceptable parameters, while optimising the return. 
 
Interest rate risk 
 
Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of the Company's financial 
instruments will fluctuate because of changes in market interest rates. 
 
The Company's income and operating cash flows are substantially independent of changes in 
market interest rates. Therefore, at the reporting date, the Company did not have any significant 
interest rate exposure. 
 
Currency risk 
 
The Company has transactional currency exposures arising from sales or purchases that are 
denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the Company. 
 
The Company's exposure to Chinese Yuan (‘CNY’), Singapore dollar (‘SGD’) and Great British 
Pound (‘GBP’) expressed in the Company's functional currency is as follows: 
 
 
 
 

	
		

--- Page 436 ---
HMH Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd. 
(formerly known as Baker Hughes Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd.) 
Financial statements 
Year ended 31 December 2021 
 
 
 
CNY 
expressed in 
US$ 
SGD 
expressed in 
US$ 
GBP 
expressed in 
US$ 
31 December 2021 
 
 
 
Trade and other receivables 
– 
232,087 
– 
Cash and cash equivalents 
– 
17,786 
– 
Trade and other payables 
– 
(1,468,368) 
(1,431) 
Total exposure 
– 
(1,218,495) 
(1,431) 
 
 
 
 
31 December 2020 
 
 
 
Trade and other payables 
– 
407,527 
16,087 
 
 
 
 
1 January 2020 
 
 
 
Trade and other payables 
27,526 
34,403 
14,886 
 
 
 
 
Sensitivity analysis 
 
The following table demonstrates the sensitivity of the Company's profit before tax to a 
reasonably possible change in the CNY, SGD and GBP exchange rates against the functional 
currency of the Company, with all other variables held constant. 
 
 
2021 
2020 
1 Jan 2020 
 
Profit before 
tax 
Profit before 
tax 
Profit before 
tax 
 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
 
 
 
 
USD/CNY (10% strengthening) 
– 
– 
(2,753) 
 
(10% weakening) 
– 
– 
2,753 
USD/SGD (10% strengthening) 
(121,850) 
(40,753) 
(3,440) 
 
 (10% weakening) 
121,850 
40,753 
3,440 
USD/GBP (10% strengthening) 
(143) 
(1,609) 
(1,489) 
 
 (10% weakening) 
143 
1,609 
1,489 
 
 
 
 
Accounting classifications and fair values 
 
The carrying amounts of financial assets and liabilities are as follows.  No separate disclosure on 
their fair values have been made as the carrying amounts of the financial assets and financial 
liabilities are reasonable approximations of their fair values. 
 
 
Note 
Amortised  
cost 
Other  
financial 
liabilities 
Total  
carrying 
amount 
 
 
$ 
$ 
$ 
31 December 2021 
 
 
 
 
Financial assets not measured  
at fair value 
 
 
 
 
Trade and other receivables 
8 
6,667,713 
– 
6,667,713 
Cash and cash equivalents 
9 
9,012,698 
– 
9,012,698 
 
15,680,411 
– 
15,680,411 

	
		

--- Page 437 ---
HMH Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd. 
(formerly known as Baker Hughes Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd.) 
Financial statements 
Year ended 31 December 2021 
 
 
 
Note 
Amortised  
cost 
Other  
financial 
liabilities 
Total  
carrying 
amount 
 
 
$ 
$ 
$ 
Financial liabilities not measured  
at fair value 
 
 
 
Trade and other payables 
12 
– 
(13,232,542) 
(13,232,542) 
 
 
 
 
 
31 December 2020 
 
 
 
 
Financial assets not measured 
at fair value 
 
 
 
 
Trade and other receivables 
8 
41,869,904 
– 
41,869,904 
Cash and cash equivalents 
9 
2,029 
– 
2,029 
 
41,871,933 
– 
41,871,933 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial liabilities not measured  
at fair value 
 
 
 
Trade and other payables 
12 
– 
(4,617,197) 
(4,617,197) 
 
 
 
 
 
1 January 2020 
 
 
 
 
Financial assets not measured 
at fair value 
 
 
 
 
Trade and other receivables 
8 
28,497,120 
– 
28,497,120 
Cash and cash equivalents 
9 
32,380 
– 
32,380 
 
28,529,500 
– 
28,529,500 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial liabilities not measured  
at fair value 
 
 
 
Trade and other payables 
12 
– 
(2,629,310) 
(2,629,310) 
 
 
 
 
Determination of fair values 
 
The carrying amounts of financial assets and liabilities with a maturity of less than one year 
(including trade and other receivables, cash and cash equivalents and trade and other payables) 
approximate their fair values because of the short period to maturity.   
 
 
19 
Contingencies  
 
As at 31 December 2021, the Company, together with other related parties, jointly and severely 
guaranteed to repay a debt of its ultimate holding company in the event that timely payments of 
the loan by the ultimate holding company are not made. The guarantee is limited to US$360 
million (2020: US$Nil). At the reporting date, the Company does not consider it probable that a 
claim will be made against the Company under the intra-group financial guarantee. As such, the 
guarantee issued would not have a material effect on the amount, timing and uncertainty of the 
Company’s future cashflows. 
 
In addition to the above, the Company’s ordinary shares are pledged by the ultimate holding 
company as financial guarantees for its liabilities to a financial institution, as disclosed in note 10. 
 

	
		

--- Page 438 ---
HMH Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd. 
(formerly known as Baker Hughes Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd.) 
Financial statements 
Year ended 31 December 2021 
 
 
For issued financial guarantee contracts, IFRS 7 requires the Company to disclose the earliest 
period in which the guarantee could be called and maximum amount of the guarantee which could 
be called. In this respect, the earliest period when the guarantee could be called was 1st quarter of 
2022 amounting to US$150 million. 
 
 
20 
Subsequent events 
 
On 16 February 2022, the ultimate holding company partially refinanced its existing loan facility, 
which the Company was a guarantor of, with another loan. The Company provided a further 
guarantee to repay the ultimate holding company’s new loan in the event that timely payments of 
the loan by the ultimate holding company are not made. The new guarantee is limited to US$150 
million. The Company’s ordinary shares were pledged under this new arrangement in addition to 
the pledge existing as at 31 December 2021. In accordance with an intercreditor agreement, the 
ordinary shares pledged shall rank and secure the liabilities pari passu and without any preference 
between them. 
 
21 
Change of name 
 
The Company changed its name from Baker Hughes Drilling Asia Pte. Ltd. to HMH Drilling Asia 
Pte. Ltd. with effect from 1 January 2022. 
 

	
		

--- Page 673 ---
HMH Holding B.V., October 26 2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
74
Annex 3 Template for Final Terms for fixed and floating rate 
Bonds

--- Page 674 ---
[Annex 3] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Final Terms 
 
for 
 
[Title of the bond issue] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Amsterdam, [Date]

--- Page 675 ---
HMH Holding B.V. 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
2  
 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purpose of the conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus clauses 2 Definitions and 13.3 Definitions, these Final Terms and the attached Bond Terms and the 
attached Guarantee agreement. 
 
 
[In case MiFID II identified target market are professional investors and eligible counterparties, insert the 
following:] 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties (ECPs) only target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (MiFID II); 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only (ECPs) target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is only 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Bonds to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Bonds (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]  
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
 
 
[In case MiFID II identified target market are retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties, 
insert 
the 
following:] 
[MIFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties (ECPs) 
target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is eligible 
counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) 
(MiFID II); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Bonds are appropriate[, including investment 
advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for 
distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for 
distribution of the Bonds to retail clients are appropriate – investment advice[,/and] portfolio management[,/

--- Page 676 ---
HMH Holding B.V. 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
3  
 
and][non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness 
obligations 
under 
MiFID 
II, 
as 
applicable].] 
 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is retail 
clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (UK MiFIR); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Bonds are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure 
execution services] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clientsare 
appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Bonds to retail clients are appropriate – 
investment advice[,/and] portfolio management[,/ and][non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject 
to the distributor’s (as defined below) suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
COBS, as applicable].] 
 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Bonds described herein pursuant to the Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated October 26 2022 and [the 
supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [date]].  
 
The Base Prospectus dated October 26 2022 [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [date]] 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 ([together,] the 
“Base Prospectus”). 
 
Final Terms include a summary of each Bond Issue. 
 
These Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] are available on the 
Issuer's website https://hmhw.com, or on the Issuer's visit address, Weerdestein 97, 1083 GG Amsterdam, The 
Netherlands, or their successor (s).

--- Page 677 ---
HMH Holding B.V. 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
4  
 
1 Summary  
 
The below summary has been prepared in accordance with the disclosure requirements in Article 7in the 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as of 14 June 2017. 
 
Introduction and warning 
Disclosure requirement 
Disclosure 
Warning 
This summary should be read as introduction to the Base 
Prospectus. Any decision to invest in the securities should be 
based on consideration of the Base Prospectus as a whole by the 
investor. The investor could lose all or part of the invested capital.  
Where a claim relating to the information contained in the Base 
Prospectus is brought before a court, the plaintiff investor might, 
under the national law, have to bear the costs of translating the 
Base Prospectus before the legal proceedings are initiated. Civil 
liability attaches only to those persons who have tabled the 
summary including any translation thereof, but only where the 
summary is misleading, inaccurate or inconsistent, when read 
together with the other parts of the Base Prospectus, or where it 
does not provide, when read together with the other parts of the 
prospectus, key information in order to aid investors when 
considering whether to invest in such securities. 
Name and international securities 
identification number (‘ISIN’) of the 
securities. 
[●] 
Identity and contact details of the issuer, 
including its legal entity identifier (‘LEI’). 
[●]  
 
 
Legal name 
Address 
Telephone 
HMH Holding B.V. 
Weerdestein 97, 1083 GG Amsterdam, 
The Netherlands 
+47 38 05 70 00 
MHWirth AS 
P.O. Box 413 Lundsiden, N-4604 
Kristiansand S, Norway 
+47 38 05 70 00 
Hydril USA Distribution LLC 
3300 North Sam Houston Parkway East, 
Houston, US-TX, 77032, US 
+1 281 371 2424 
Hydril PCB Limited 
C/O Tmf Group 8th Floor, 20 Farringdon 
Street, London, United Kingdom, EC4A 
4AB 
+44 1224 040448 
HMH Drilling Asia Pte Ltd 
2 Benoi Road, Singapore 629876 
+65 6262 6633 
MHWirth GmbH 
Kölner Str. 71-73, 41812 Erkelenz, 
Germany 
+49 2431 83-0 
MHWirth FZE 
Office 1025, Lvl.10, Tower B, JAFZA One 
Building, JAFZA, Dubai, UEA 
+971 4 550 6200 
MHWirth Do Brasil Equipamentos Ltda. 
Rua Sergio Roberto Franco, s/n, Quadra 
03 parte,Macaé, RJ, Brazil 
+55 22 2141-3163 
 
Legal name 
LEI code 
HMH Holding B.V. 
8945008FRZIYPW0VW366 
MHWirth AS 
549300HDWI4UGF5PXN97 
Hydril USA Distribution LLC 
549300S3DZSMR28PBY38 
Hydril PCB Limited 
93B04WSV2YH2GAMGHL39 
HMH Drilling Asia Pte Ltd 
7M2Q77WI4MC6Z0NHKK48 
MHWirth GmbH 
967600HPWLDN8B7I6R95 
MHWirth FZE 
N/A 
MHWirth Do Brasil Equipamentos Ltda. 
N/A 
 
 
Identity and contact details of the offeror or 
of the person asking for admission to trading 
on a regulated market. 
There is no offeror, the Base Prospectus has been produced in 
connection with listing of the securities on an Exchange. The 
Issuer is going to ask for admission to trading on a regulated 
market. 
Identity and contact details of the competent 
authority that approved the prospectus 
Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway (Finanstilsynet), 
Revierstredet 3, 0151 Oslo.   
Telephone number is +47 22 93 98 00.

--- Page 678 ---
HMH Holding B.V. 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
5  
 
E-mail: prospekter@finanstilsynet.no. 
Date of approval of the prospectus. 
The Base Prospectus was approved on October 26 2022. 
 
Key information on the Issuer 
Disclosure 
requirements 
Disclosure 
Who is the issuer of 
the securities 
HMH Holding B.V. 
Domicile and legal 
form 
The Company is a private limited liability company incorporated in the Netherlands and 
organized under Dutch law. 
Principal activities 
HMH is a global provider of integrated drilling solutions and services with sophisticated 
technology, industry-leading engineering, and strong project management capabilities. 
HMH’s key offering includes drilling rig packages, drilling equipment, pressure control 
equipment, drilling lifecycle services, digital solutions (and more). 
Major shareholders 
 
HMH Holding B.V. is owned by Akastor ASA (50 %) and Baker Hughes Holdings LLC (50 %). 
 
MHWirth AS is wholly owned by HMH Holding B.V. 
Hydril USA Distribution LLC is wholly owned by HMH Holding B.V. 
Hydril PCB limited is wholly owned by HMH Holding B.V. through MHWirth UK Ltd, a subsidiary of MHWirth AS. 
HMH Drilling Asia Pte Ltd is wholly owned by HMH Holding B.V. mainly through MHWirth (Singapore) Pte Ltd., a 
subsidiary of MHWirth AS. 
MHWirth GmbH is wholly owned by HMH Holding B.V. through MHWirth Holdco AS, a subsidiary of MHWirth AS. 
MHWirth FZE is wholly owned by HMH Holding B.V through MHWirth AS. 
MHWirth Do Brasil Equipamentos Ltda. is wholly owned by HMH Holding B.V through MHWirth AS. 
 
There are no arrangements, known to the Company, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a 
change in control of the Company.  
 
Management 
 
 
The management of the Company and the Guarantor can be seen below: 
 
HMH Holding B.V. Consolidated 
Name  
Position  
Merril A. «Pete» Miller Jr. 
Chief Executive Officer 
Thomas “Tom” McGee 
Chief Financial Officer 
Dwight Rettig 
Chief Administration Officer and General Counsel 
Eirik Bergsvik 
President Equipment and System Solution 
Chuck Chauviere 
President Pressure Control Systems 
 
 
MHWirth AS 
Name  
Position  
Eirik Bergsvik 
Chief Executive Officer 
Dag Arthur Stenevik 
Chief Financial Officer 
Roy Dyrseth 
Chief Commercial Officer 
Jan Petter Knutsen 
Senior Vice President 
Pål Skogerbø 
Chief Technology Officer 
Torbjørn Rue 
Vice President 
Magne Hovland 
Senior Vice President 
 
 
Hydril USA Distribution LLC 
Name  
Position  
Chuck Chauviere 
President 
Michael Denk 
Vice President 
David Ewing Bratton 
Vice President, CFO & Treasurer 
Steven Brooks 
Vice President & assistant Treasurer 
Kevin Joyce 
Vice President

--- Page 679 ---
HMH Holding B.V. 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
6  
 
Oscar Rodriguez 
Vice President 
Matt Mosely 
Vice President 
Kristen Culver 
Vice President 
James Daniel Connelly 
Vice President & Secretary 
Sue Gregory 
Assistant Secretary 
 
 
Hydril PCB Limited 
Name  
Position  
Chuck Chauviere 
Director 
David Ewing Bratton 
Director 
James Daniel Connelly 
Director 
 
HMH Drilling Asia Pte Ltd 
Name  
Position  
Chuck Chauviere 
Director 
David Ewing Bratton 
Director 
James Daniel Connelly 
Director 
Mirji Dhananjay Pandurang 
Director 
 
MHWirth GmbH 
Name  
Position  
Joachim Schlebusch 
Managing Director 
Andreas Escher 
Director 
Dirk Lindenlauf 
Director 
Thomas Cossmann 
Senior Manager 
 
MHWirth FZE 
Name  
Position  
Rakan Al Safi 
General Manager 
Walid Galal Kotb Mohamed 
Senior Manager 
 
MHWirth Do Brasil Equipamentos Ltda. 
Name  
Position  
Trond Fiskum 
VP and Managing Director 
 
 
 
Statutory auditors 
Company 
Year 
Auditor 
HMH Holding B.V. 
2021 
KPMG N.V.* 
MHWirth AS 
2020 and 2021 
KPMG AS 
Hydril USA Distribution LLC 
2020 and 2021 
KPMG LLP US 
Hydril PCB Limited 
2020 and 2021 
KPMG LLP Scotland 
HMH Drilling Asia Pte Ltd 
2020 and 2021 
KPMG Services Pte. Ltd. 
MHWirth GmbH 
2020 and 2021 
KPMG AG Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft 
MHWirth FZE 
2020 and 2021 
KPMG Lower Gulf Limited 
MHWirth Do Brasil Equipamentos Ltda. 
2020 and 2021 
KPMG Auditores Independentes Ltda. 
 
* For the purpose of this prospectus - special purpose consolidated financial statements are audited by KPMG 
AS.  KPMG N.V is the elected auditor for HMH Holding B.V, however no audit reports have been issued by 
KPMG N.V for the purpose of this prospectus. 
 
 
What is the key 
financial information 
regarding the issuer 
 
Key financial 
information 
 
 
HMH Holding B.V. consolidated 
Amounts in USD thousands 
Annual

--- Page 680 ---
HMH Holding B.V. 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
7  
 
Report 
 
2021* 
Operating profit 
18 941 
Net financial debt (long term debt plus 
short term debt minus cash) 
227 891** 
Net Cash flows from operating activities 
25 834 
Net Cash flows from financing activities 
215 872 
Net Cash flow from investing activities 
(148 811) 
*For the period 28.04.2021-31.12.2021 
**Including shareholder loans of USD 102 million. 
 
MHWirth AS 
Amounts in NOK thousands 
Annual Report 
 
2021 
2020 
Operating profit 
76 772 
116 899 
Net financial debt (long term debt plus 
short term debt minus cash) 
321 639 
0 
Net Cash flows from operating activities 
(1 141 393) 
199 818 
Net Cash flows from financing activities 
1 303 336 
1 143 
Net Cash flow from investing activities 
(81 893) 
(599 903) 
 
Hydril USA Distribution LLC 
Amounts in USD millions 
Annual Report 
 
2021 
2020 
Operating profit 
(17) 
(498*) 
Net financial debt (long term debt plus 
short term debt minus cash) 
6 
0 
Net Cash flows from operating activities 
202 
(6) 
Net Cash flows from financing activities 
15 
0 
Net Cash flow from investing activities 
(208) 
6 
*Includes goodwill impairment (494) 
 
Hydril PCB Limited 
Amounts in GBP thousands 
Annual Report 
 
2021 
2020 
Operating profit 
14 420 
18 008 
Net financial debt (long term debt plus 
short term debt minus cash) 
(7 162) 
(828) 
Net Cash flows from operating activities 
81 432 
799 
Net Cash flows from financing activities 
(75 000) 
0 
Net Cash flow from investing activities 
(98) 
0 
 
HMH Drilling Asia Pte Ltd 
Amounts in USD 
Annual Report 
 
2021 
2020 
Operating profit 
7 531 807 
11 664 319 
Net financial debt (long term debt plus 
short term debt minus cash) 
(9 012 698) 
(2 029) 
Net Cash flows from operating activities 
12 346 162 
9 876 772 
Net Cash flows from financing activities 
(36 079 897) 
0 
Net Cash flow from investing activities 
32 744 404 
(9 907 123) 
 
MHWirth GmbH 
Amounts in EUR 
Annual Report 
 
2021 
2020 
Operating profit 
(3 052 564) 
9 930 320 
Net financial debt (long term debt plus 
short term debt minus cash) 
7 647 507 
17 572 944 
Net Cash flows from operating activities 
N/A* 
N/A* 
Net Cash flows from financing activities 
N/A* 
N/A* 
Net Cash flow from investing activities 
N/A* 
N/A* 
*Cashflow is not required according to accounting principle used 
 
 
 
MHWirth FZE

--- Page 681 ---
HMH Holding B.V. 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
8  
 
Amounts in AED 
Annual Report 
 
2021 
2020 
Operating profit 
1 723 483 
5 764 382 
Net financial debt (long term debt plus 
short term debt minus cash) 
(7 070 941) 
(7 594 728) 
Net Cash flows from operating activities 
1 312 788 
9 424 984 
Net Cash flows from financing activities 
(1 836 575) 
(7 509 725) 
Net Cash flow from investing activities 
0 
(10 564) 
 
MHWirth Do Brasil Equipamentos Ltda. 
Amounts in BRL thousands 
Annual Report 
 
2021 
2020 
Operating profit 
1 655 
(1 128) 
Net financial debt (long term debt plus 
short term debt minus cash) 
(8 225) 
(39 200) 
Net Cash flows from operating activities 
(29 427) 
25 631 
Net Cash flows from financing activities 
0 
(27 686) 
Net Cash flow from investing activities 
(1 548) 
(20 600) 
 
 
There is no description of any qualifications in the audit report for the Annual Report 2021. 
 
What are the key risk factors that are specific 
to the issuer 
The Group is newly established in accordance with a transaction 
agreement entered into between its shareholders and has limited 
operating and financial history. 
The Issuer may in the future take on additional debt. 
Financial leverage and breach of covenants. 
Refinancing risk and inability to meet financing needs as they 
arise. 
Cybersecurity risks and threats. 
 
 
 
 
Key information on the securities 
Disclosure requirements 
Disclosure 
What are the main features of the securities 
 
Description of the securities, including ISIN 
code. 
[●] 
Currency for the bond issue 
[●] 
Borrowing Limit and Borrowing Amount  
 [● tranche] 
[●] 
Denomination – Each Bond 
[●] 
Any restrictions on the free transferability of 
the securities. 
[●] 
Description of the rights attached to the 
securities, limitations to those rights and 
ranking of the securities. 
[●] 
Information about Issue and Maturity Date, 
interest rate, instalment and representative 
of the bondholders 
[●] 
Status of the bonds and security 
[●] 
Where will the securities be traded 
 
Indication as to whether the securities 
offered are or will be the object of an 
application for admission to trading. 
[●]  
What are the key risks that are specific to the 
securities 
 
Most material key risks 
Risk relating to demand for oil and gas and volatile oil and gas 
prices. 
Changes in environmental and regulatory requirements. 
The Group operates in a highly competitive industry. 
The Group operates in a challenging technological environment.

--- Page 682 ---
HMH Holding B.V. 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
9  
 
The Group is dependent on the use of certain technology and 
intellectual property rights. 
The Group is dependent on a limited number of customers and 
significant projects. 
The Group is subject to the risk of delayed payments from 
customers. 
The Group is dependent on services from third parties and supply 
of materials to complete contracts. 
The Group has operations in less developed or newly 
industrialized countries, which subjects it to political, financial and 
regulatory risk. 
The Group is subject to extensive health and safety risk, including 
compliance with a broad range of health and safety laws and 
regulations. 
 
Key information on the admission to trading on a regulated marked 
Disclosure requirements 
Disclosure 
Under which conditions and timetable can I 
invest in this security? 
 [●] 
 
The estimate of total expenses related to the admission to 
trading, please see clause 13.4.5 in the Base Prospectus. 
 
[/ Other: (specify)] 
 
Listing fee Oslo Børs [●] 
Registration fee Oslo Børs [●] 
 
Why is the prospectus being produced 
In connection with listing of the securities on the Oslo Børs. 
Reasons for the admission to trading on a 
regulated marked and use of. 
Use of proceeds [●] 
 
Estimated net amount of the proceeds [●] 
 
Description of material conflicts of interest to 
the issue including conflicting interests. 
[●]

--- Page 683 ---
HMH Holding B.V. 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
10  
 
2 Detailed information about the security 
 
Generally: 
 
ISIN code: 
[ISIN] 
 
 
The Loan/The Bonds: 
[Title of the bond issue] 
 
 
Borrower/Issuer: 
HMH Holding B.V. registered in the Netherlands Chambers of 
Commerce with registration number 862578796. The Company’s LEI 
code is 8945008FRZIYPW0VW366. 
 
 
Group: 
Means the Issuer and its subsidiaries from time to time. 
 
Group Company: 
Means any person that is a member of the Group. 
 
Guarantors: 
Means MHWirth AS, Hydril USA Distribution LLC, Hydril PCB Limited, 
HMH Drilling Asia Pte Ltd, MHWirth GmbH, MHWirth FZE and MHWirth 
Do Brasil Equipamentos Ltda. 
 
Security Type: 
[Un]secured [open] bond issue with [fixed/floating] rate 
 
Borrowing Limit – Tap Issue: 
[Currency]  
[Amount borrowing limit]  
 
 
Borrowing Amount [●] tranche: 
[Currency]   
 [Amount [●] tranche]  
 
 
  
Denomination – Each bond: 
[Currency] 
[Amount denomination] - each and ranking pari 
passu among themselves 
 
 
Securities Form: 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 13.1. 
 
 
Publication: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.2. 
 
 
Issue Price: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
[Issue price] % 
 
 
Disbursement Date/Issue Date: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
[Issue date] 
 
 
Maturity Date: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
[Maturity Date] 
 
Guarantee: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
[terms of the Guarantee] 
 
[The Guarantee Agreement is attached to this Final Terms.] 
 
 
Interest Rate: 
 
Interest Bearing from and Including: 
[Issue date 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Interest Bearing To: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
[Maturity Date] 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
Floating rate: [LIBOR] [3 / 6 / 12] months

--- Page 684 ---
HMH Holding B.V. 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
11  
 
[description of Reference Rate] 
 
Relevant Screen Page: [Relevant Screen Page] 
 
Specified time: [specified time] 
 
Information about the past and future performance and volatility of the 
Reference Rate is available at [Relevant Screen Page / other: (specify)] 
 
Fallback provisions: [Provisions] 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
/ Fixed Rate: N/A] 
 
 
Margin: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
Floating Rate: [Margin] % p.a. 
 
/ Fixed Interest: N/A 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Interest Rate: 
[Bond issue with floating rate (as defined in the Base Prospectus section 
13.3): [Reference Rate + Margin] % p.a. 
 
Current Interest Rate: [current interest rate] 
 
/ Bond Issue with fixed rate (as defined in the Base Prospectus section 
13.3): [Interest rate] % p.a. 
 
 
 
Day Count Convention: 
[Floating Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
/ Fixed Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
 
 
Day Count Fraction – Secondary 
Market: 
[Floating Rate: As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.5.1.a 
/ Fixed Rate: As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.5.2.a  
 
 
 
Interest Determination Date: 
[Floating Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3.  
 
Interest Rate Determination Date: [Interest Rate Determination Date(s)] 
each year.  
 
/ Fixed rate: N/A 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Interest Rate Adjustment Date: 
[Floating Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3.  
 
/ Fixed rate: N/A] 
 
 
Interest Payment Date: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.5.1 (FRN) / section 13.5.2 (fixed rate) 
 
Interest Payment Date: [Date(s)] each year.  
 
The first Interest Payment Date is [Date].  
 
 
#Days first term: 
[Number of interest days] days 
 
 
Yield: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
The Yield is [yield]  
 
 
Business Day: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3.

--- Page 685 ---
HMH Holding B.V. 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
12  
 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Amortisation and Redemption: 
 
Redemption: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and as specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.3, 13.5.1.b and 13.5.2.b. 
 
The Maturity Date is [maturity date] 
 
 
Call Option: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
[terms of the call option] 
 
Call Date(s): [call date(s)] 
 
Call Price(s): [call price(s)] 
 
Call Notice Period: [call notice period] 
 
Put Option: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
[terms of the put option] 
 
Mandatory repurchase due to a 
Material Asset Sale – Asset Sale Put 
Option: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
[terms of the asset sale put option] 
 
Early redemption option due to a tax 
event: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
[terms of the early redemption option due to a tax event] 
 
Early redemption – Equity Clawback: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
[terms of the early redemption option – equity clawback] 
 
 
Obligations: 
 
Issuer’s special obligations during the 
term of the Bond Issue: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.6. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Listing: 
 
Listing of the Bond Issue/Marketplace: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.5. 
 
Exchange for listing of the Bonds: [Exchange] 
 
/ The Bonds will not be applied for listing on any Exchange. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Any restrictions on the free 
transferability of the securities: 
 
As specified in the Base prospectus section 13.4.10. 
 
Restrictions on the free transferability of the securities: [specify] 
 
 
Purpose/Use of proceeds: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.1. 
 
Estimated total expenses related to the offer: [specify] 
 
Estimated net amount of the proceeds: [specify] 
 
Use of proceeds: [specify] 
 
[Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Prospectus and Listing fees: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.5.

--- Page 686 ---
HMH Holding B.V. 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
13  
 
Listing fees: [specify] 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Market-making: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
[A market-making agreement has been entered into between the Issuer 
and [name of market maker]] 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Approvals: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.9. 
 
Date of the Board of Directors’ approval: [date] 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Bond Terms: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.7.  
 
By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with 
the CSD, the Bondholders are bound by the Bond Terms and any other 
Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or 
formalities to be complied with by the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders, 
the Issuer or any other party. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Status and security: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.6.  
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Bondholders’ meeting/ 
Voting rights: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Availability of the Documentation: 
https://hmhw.com    
 
 
Joint Lead Managers: 
[name and contact details of Joint Lead Managers] 
 
[LEI for Joint Lead Managers] 
 
 
Bond Trustee: 
As defined in the Base prospectus section 13.3. 
 
Paying Agent: 
As defined in the Base prospectus section 13.3. 
 
The Paying Agent is [name of the Paying Agent] 
 
 
Securities Depository / CSD: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.5 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Calculation Agent: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
/ Other: (specify)]  
 
 
Listing fees: 
Prospectus fee for the Base Prospectus including template for Final 
Terms is NOK 128,000. 
 
[Listing and other fees at the Exchange: (specify)  
 
/ No listing: N/A]

--- Page 687 ---
HMH Holding B.V. 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
14  
 
3 Additional information 
Advisor 
The Issuer has mandated [name of Joint Lead Managers] as Joint Lead Managers for the issuance of the Loan. 
The Joint Lead Managers have acted as advisor[s] to the Issuer in relation to the pricing of the Loan. 
 
The Joint Lead Managers will be able to hold position in the Loan.  
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
Interests and conflicts of interest 
[The involved persons in the Issuer or offer of the Bonds have no interest, nor conflicting interests that are 
material to the Bond Issue. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
Rating 
[There is no official rating of the Loan. 
 
The Issuer is rated as follows: 
Standard & Poor’s: [•] 
Moody’s: [•] 
 
/ Other: (specify)]  
 
Listing of the Loan: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3] 
 
The Prospectus will be published in [country]. An application for listing at [Exchange] will be sent as soon as 
possible after the Issue Date. Each bond is negotiable. 
 
Statement from the Joint Lead Managers: 
[name of Joint Lead managers] have assisted the Issuer in preparing the prospectus. The Joint Lead Managers 
have not verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, 
express or implied, is made, and the Joint Lead Managers expressively disclaim[s] any legal or financial liability 
as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this prospectus or any other information 
supplied in connection with bonds issued by the Issuer or their distribution. The statements made in this 
paragraph are without prejudice to the responsibility of the Issuer. Each person receiving this prospectus 
acknowledges that such person has not relied on the Joint Lead Managers nor on any person affiliated with them 
in connection with its investigation of the accuracy of such information or its investment decision. 
 
[place], [date] 
 
 
[name of Joint Lead Managers] 
[web address of Joint Lead Managers]