--- Page 1 ---
259678-957669101-1-v11.0 
- i- 
70-41004394 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
MILUX INTERNATIONAL ISSUANCES S.A. 
(a public limited liability company (société anonyme) incorporated under the laws of Luxembourg as an unregulated securitisation 
company (société de titrisation) within the meaning of, and governed by, the Luxembourg law of 22 March 2004 on securitisation, 
as amended, with its registered office at 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, L – 2453 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and registered 
with the Luxembourg Register of Commerce and Companies under the number B215.157) (the "Company") 
Secured Note Programme 
Milux International Issuances S.A. is incorporated as a société anonyme (public limited liability company) under the laws of 
Luxembourg and has the status of a securitisation undertaking under the Luxembourg law dated 22 March 2004 on securitisation, as 
amended (the "Securitisation Act"). 
This Base Prospectus gives information on the Company and its EUR 1,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated 
as set out herein) programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of secured notes ("Notes"). The liability of the Company under the 
Notes and the Programme is separate in respect of each Series of Notes. 
Under the Programme, the Company may from time to time issue series (each, a "Series") of Notes and tranches (each, a "Tranche"). 
Such Series of Notes may be issued on the terms set out in: 
(i.) this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms prepared in connection with such Tranche (the "Final Terms") in 
accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation (as defined below); or  
(ii.) if a Series of Notes do not require the publication of a prospectus in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation, a 
pricing supplement prepared in connection with such Series of Notes (the "Pricing Supplement"); or  
(iii.) if the Charged Assets in respect of a Series of Notes are not Banca March Charged Assets or such Series of Notes would 
have a derivative payout and such Series of Notes requires a prospectus to be published in accordance with the EU 
Prospectus Regulation, a series prospectus relating to the Notes, incorporating by reference the whole or any part of this 
Base Prospectus (a "Series Prospectus"). 
In this Base Prospectus, references to "Alternative Drawdown Documents" means a (i) Pricing Supplement used in circumstances 
where the publication of a prospectus is not required in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation; and (ii) Series Prospectus 
used in circumstance where publication of a prospectus is required in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation and the use of 
Final Terms is not permitted or permissible under the EU Prospectus Regulation.  
References to applicable Final Terms in this Base Prospectus include only final terms pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
"EU Prospectus Regulation"). 
Under Luxembourg law, the Company's assets and liabilities will be divided into "Compartments" (as defined herein under 
"Overview of the Programme"). The Company acting in respect of one of its Compartments (the "Issuer") will purchase assets and/or 
enter into other contractual arrangements using the proceeds of issue of the Series of Notes, and those assets and the Issuer's liabilities 
in respect of any one Series of Notes will be allocated to the Compartment created for that Series of Notes (the "Compartment 
Assets") and will be segregated from the Company's other assets and liabilities and from the assets and liabilities allocated to all other 
Compartments. The Compartment Assets will be available exclusively to meet the Issuer's obligations in respect of that Series of 
Notes, and may not be used by the Company to meet its obligations in respect of any other Series of Notes or any other obligations. 
In addition, each Series of Notes will be secured by a security interest created in favour of the Trustee over the Compartment Assets 
relating to such Series of Notes (as described in more detail in Condition 4 (Related Agreements, Compartment Assets and Security) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes). If the proceeds of enforcement of the security are not sufficient to meet all of its obligations 
in respect of the Series of Notes, the Issuer's obligations in respect of the Notes will be limited to those proceeds. Neither the assets 
of another Compartment nor any of the Company's other assets will be available to meet any shortfall. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent authority under the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
The Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank") only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such approval relates only to Notes issued under the Programme within 12 
months after the date hereof which are admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended) ("EU MiFID II") and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area. 
Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") for Notes issued under 
the Programme within twelve months after the date hereof to be admitted to the official list ("Official List") and trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin (the "Regulated Market"). However, no assurance can be given that such an application to 
admit Notes to the Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market will be successful. References in this Base Prospectus to Notes 
being "listed" (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to trading on the Regulated Market and have 
been admitted to the Official List. Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of EU MiFID II. 
However, Notes may also be listed and admitted to trading on such other or further stock exchanges (such Notes, together with Notes 
admitted to trading on the Regulated Market and listed on the Official List, the "Listed Notes") as may be agreed between the 
Company and the Dealer and as specified in the applicable Final Terms or Series Prospectus for the relevant Notes.  
Unlisted Notes may also be issued pursuant to the Programme on the terms set out in the relevant Pricing Supplement. The Final 
Terms, Series Prospectus or Pricing Supplement shall specify whether or not Notes to be issued thereunder shall be listed on the 
Official List and admitted to trading the Regulated Market or any other stock exchange as may be agreed between the Company and 
the Dealer. 
Notes to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market may only be issued by way of Final Terms under this 
Base Prospectus where the Charged Assets are Banca March Charged Assets. Where the Charged Assets in respect of the Notes are

--- Page 2 ---
259678-957669101-1-v11.0 
- ii- 
70-41004394 
 
 
 
 
not Banca March Charged Assets or where the Notes have a derivative payout, then a Series Prospectus will be required for the Notes 
to be admitted to the Official List and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market or other regulated markets for the purposes of EU 
MiFID II. This Base Prospectus has not been reviewed by the Central Bank in relation to any Pricing Supplement. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) (the "Securities Act") and the 
Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Notes may not at any time be offered, sold or delivered within the United States 
or to any person who is (a) a U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) or (b) not a Non-United States person 
(as defined in Rule 4.7 under the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, but excluding for purposes of subsection (D) thereof, the 
exception to the extent that it would apply to persons who are Non-United States persons). 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section of this Base Prospectus headed "Risk Factors" and, 
in particular, to the limited recourse nature of the Notes and the fact that the Company is a special purpose vehicle. This Base 
Prospectus does not describe all of the risks of an investment in the Notes. 
Readers of this Base Prospectus should have regard to the definitions set out in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" herein. Unless 
otherwise defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, capitalised terms used in this Base Prospectus shall have the meaning given to 
them in the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes". 
This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from the date of approval. The Issuer will, in the event of any significant 
new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the 
assessment of any Notes to be issued under the Programme, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base 
Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes. The obligation to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus 
in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy does not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
 
Arranger and Dealer 
Banca March, S.A. 
Dated: 19 March 2021

--- Page 3 ---
259678-957669101-1-v11.0 
- iii- 
70-41004394 
 
 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Responsibility for this Base Prospectus 
Milux International Issuances S.A. (the "Company") accepts responsibility for the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus is, in accordance with the facts and this Base Prospectus makes no 
omission likely to affect its import. 
Other relevant information 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with any 
information incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes which is the subject 
of Final Terms, must be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealer named under "Subscription and Sale" below that this Base 
Prospectus contains all information which is (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and sale 
of the Notes) material; that such information is true and accurate in all material respects and is not 
misleading in any material respect; that any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed herein are 
honestly held or made and are not misleading in any material respect; that this Base Prospectus does not 
omit to state any material fact necessary to make such information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in 
the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and sale of the Notes) not misleading in any material 
respect; and that all proper enquiries have been made to verify the foregoing. 
Unauthorised information 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or 
not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme 
or any information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given 
or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the 
Issuer or the Dealer. 
Neither the Dealer nor any of its affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this Base Prospectus 
and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the accuracy or 
completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any responsibility for the acts or 
omissions of the Issuer or any other person (other than the Dealer) in connection with the issue and offering 
of the Notes. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or 
delivery of any Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in 
this Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has 
been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely 
to involve any adverse change, in the prospects or financial or trading position of the Issuer since the date 
thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that 
any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the 
date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
Restrictions on distribution 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the 
Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealer to inform themselves about and to 
observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of the 
Notes and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating 
to the Notes, see "Subscription and Sale" and "Transfer Restrictions". 
In particular, the Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act or with any 
securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and Notes in bearer 
form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Notes may not be offered, sold or (in the case of Notes 
in bearer form) delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as 
defined in Regulation S) except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act.

--- Page 4 ---
259678-957669101-1-v11.0 
- iv- 
70-41004394 
 
 
 
 
NEITHER THE PROGRAMME NOR THE NOTES HAVE BEEN APPROVED OR 
DISAPPROVED BY THE U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION (THE "SEC"), 
ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER U.S. 
REGULATORY AUTHORITY, NOR HAS ANY OF THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES PASSED 
UPON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS OF ANY OFFERING OF NOTES OR THE ACCURACY 
OR ADEQUACY OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE 
CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES. 
UNLESS SPECIFIED OTHERWISE IN AN ALTERNATIVE DRAWDOWN DOCUMENT, THE 
NOTES WILL NOT BE SOLD TO ANY PERSON WHO IS OR WHILE NOTES ARE HELD MAY 
BE (i) AN "EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN" OR OTHER "PLAN" SUBJECT TO THE U.S. 
EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED ("ERISA") OR 
SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE 
"CODE"), (ii) ANOTHER EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN SUBJECT TO ANY U.S. FEDERAL, 
STATE OR LOCAL LAW, OR NON-U.S. LAW, SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO SECTION 406 
OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE ("SIMILAR LAW"), OR (iii) AN ENTITY ANY 
OF WHOSE ASSETS ARE, OR ARE DEEMED FOR PURPOSES OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 
OF THE CODE, OR, IN THE CASE OF SUCH ANOTHER EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN, 
SIMILAR LAW, TO BE, ASSETS OF ANY SUCH "EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN", "PLAN" OR 
OTHER EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN. EACH PURCHASER AND BIDDER WILL BE DEEMED 
TO HAVE REPRESENTED AND AGREED THAT IT IS NOT AND WILL NOT BE IN BREACH 
OF THE FOREGOING. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealer or any of 
them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any 
Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own 
investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
Investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each prospective investor should therefore consult its professional 
advisers to determine whether and to what extent (i) the Notes are legal investments for it, and/or (ii) other 
restrictions apply to its purchase of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their professional 
advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable 
risk-based capital or similar rules. 
None of the Issuer, the Trustee, the Arranger, the Dealer or the Agents or any of their respective affiliates 
is acting as an investment adviser or as adviser in any other capacity, and none of them (other than the 
Trustee under the Trust Deed) assumes any fiduciary obligation to any purchaser of Notes or any other 
party. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms (or Alternative Drawdown Document, 
as the case may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA").  
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in 
point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "EU Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II.  
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "EU PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms (or Alternative Drawdown Document, 
as the case may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and

--- Page 5 ---
259678-957669101-1-v11.0 
- v- 
70-41004394 
 
 
 
 
any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
Product Governance under Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended)  
The Final Terms (or an Alternative Drawdown Document, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes may 
include a legend entitled "EU MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate.  Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the EU MiFID 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "EU MiFID Product Governance 
Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise no 
Dealer nor any of its respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the EU MiFID Product 
Governance Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not subject to the EU MiFID Product 
Governance Rules and will therefore not make or be responsible for any target market assessment. 
Benchmark Regulation 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain benchmarks.  
Details of the administrators of such benchmarks, including details of whether or not, as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus (or, in the case of (b) below, at the date of the applicable Final Terms), each such 
administrator's name appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to article 36 of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 (the "Benchmarks Regulation") are set out (a) in the section entitled "Benchmarks Regulation" 
on page 103 of this Base Prospectus; or (b) in respect of a benchmark not listed in the section entitled 
"Benchmarks Regulation", in the applicable Final Terms. Transitional provisions in the Benchmarks 
Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in 
the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the Final Terms. The registration status of any 
administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by 
applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration 
status of the administrator. 
Programme limit 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will 
not exceed EUR 1,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be 
translated into euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes (calculated in accordance with the 
provisions of the Dealer Agreement). The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be 
outstanding at any one time under the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to 
compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealer Agreement as defined under "Subscription and Sale". 
Certain definitions 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a "Member State" are references to a 
Member State of the European Economic Area and references to:  
(i) 
"GBP" are to British pound sterling, the official currency of the United Kingdom; 
(ii) 
"CHF" are to the Swiss franc, the official currency of Switzerland;

--- Page 6 ---
259678-957669101-1-v11.0 
- vi- 
70-41004394 
 
 
 
 
(iii) 
"USD" are to United States Dollars, the official currency of the United States of America;  
(iv) 
"JPY" are to Japanese Yen, the official currency of Japan; and 
(v) 
"EUR" or "euro" are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 
1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended.  
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, 
figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as 
totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them.

--- Page 7 ---
259678-957669101-1-v11.0 
- vii- 
70-41004394 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF PROGRAMME AND NOTES ......................................................................................... 8 
RISK FACTORS ........................................................................................................................................ 15 
TRANSACTION STRUCTURE DIAGRAM ............................................................................................ 22 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .......................................................................... 23 
FORMS OF THE NOTES .......................................................................................................................... 24 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 29 
FORM OF ISSUE TERMS – FORM OF FINAL TERMS ........................................................................ 65 
FORM OF ISSUE TERMS – ALTERNATIVE DRAWDOWN DOCUMENT ........................................ 76 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................. 85 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER............................................................................................................. 86 
DESCRIPTION OF BANCA MARCH, S.A. ............................................................................................ 89 
BANCA MARCH CHARGED ASSETS ................................................................................................... 91 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................... 93 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................... 97 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS ................................................................................................................ 101 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION ............................................................................................................ 103 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 104 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS ............................................................................................................... 107

--- Page 8 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 8 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF PROGRAMME AND NOTES 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by the remainder of, this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the Conditions of any particular Series or 
Tranche of Notes, the relevant Issue Terms in which any of the Conditions may be varied. Words or 
expressions defined or used in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" and in the relevant Issue Terms shall 
have the same meaning as in this overview. 
Company: 
Milux International Issuances S.A. 
Issuer: 
The Company acting on behalf of one its Compartments 
Compartments: 
A separate compartment will be created by the board of the Company in 
respect of each Series of Notes (each a "Compartment"). A Compartment 
is a separate part of the Issuer's assets and liabilities. The assets allocated to 
a Compartment are in principle exclusively available to satisfy the rights of 
the holders of the relevant Series of Notes and the rights of the creditors 
whose claims have arisen as a result of the creation, the operation or the 
liquidation of the Compartment, as contemplated by the Articles. 
Arranger: 
Banca March, S.A. 
Dealer: 
Banca March, S.A. and such other party or parties as may be appointed as 
Dealer from time to time. 
 
Pursuant to the terms of the Dealer Agreement, the Issuer may terminate the 
appointment of any Dealer or appoint further Dealers for a particular Series 
or Tranche of Notes or as Dealers under this Programme, in each case subject 
to the prior approval of the Arranger. 
Trustee: 
Bondholders, S.L. (the "Trustee") or such other trustee as may be appointed 
in relation to a particular Series of Notes.  
Custodian: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch or such other custodian as 
may be appointed in relation to a particular Series of Notes. 
Issue Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch or such other issue agent as 
may be appointed in relation to a particular series of Notes. 
Registrar: 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch or such other 
registrar as may be appointed in relation to a particular Series of Notes. 
Calculation Agent: 
Banca March, S.A. or such other calculation agent as may be appointed in 
relation to a particular Series of Notes. 
Principal 
Paying 
Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch or such other principal 
paying agent as may be appointed in relation to a particular Series of Notes. 
Transfer Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch or such other transfer 
agent as may be appointed in relation to a particular Series of Notes. 
Programme Size: 
Up to EUR 1,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as 
set out herein) outstanding at any one time in relation to the Issuer. Under 
the Dealer Agreement, the principal amount of Notes outstanding under this 
Base Prospectus may be increased, subject to the satisfaction of certain 
conditions set out therein. 
Description: 
Secured Note Programme. 
Limited Recourse and 
Non-Petition: 
In relation to each Series of Notes, the assets identified as the Charged Assets 
in the relevant Issue Terms and such other assets and/or rights of the Issuer 
which are attributable to that Series as specified in the relevant Security

--- Page 9 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 9 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
Documents or, as the case may be, the Supplemental Trust Deed (the 
"Compartment Assets") will be available to meet the obligations of the 
Issuer in respect of that Series and all other obligations of the Issuer (all as 
specified in the Security Documents or, as the case may be, the Supplemental 
Trust Deed and/or identified in the Issue Terms) attributable to that Series. 
 
If the net proceeds of the realisation of the Compartment Assets are not 
sufficient to make all payments due in respect of a Series of Notes and due 
to each other creditor relating to such Notes, no other assets of the Company 
will be available to meet such shortfall and the claims of the Noteholders 
and any other creditors relating to such Notes in respect of any such shortfall 
shall be extinguished.  
 
In addition, no party will be able to petition for the winding-up of the 
Company as a consequence of any such shortfall for so long as any Notes 
issued by the Issuer are outstanding or for two years plus one day after the 
latest date on which any Note issued by the Issuer is due to mature. 
Security: 
The Issuer will create security interests over the Compartment Assets with 
respect to each Series of Notes pursuant to the Principal Trust Deed (the 
"Security") in favour of the Trustee. The Security in respect of each Series 
of Notes will be created by the Supplemental Trust Deed or Supplementary 
Security Document (if any).  
 
In particular, the Supplemental Trust Deed will specify a "Priority Secured 
Creditor" who enjoys a preferential ranking in the application of the proceeds 
of the Security with respect to a particular Series. 
 
If the Issue Terms provide that the Issuer may purchase Notes, or redeem 
Notes or exercise an option in relation thereto, the Security or a proportionate 
part thereof in relation to such Notes may be released. The terms of such 
release will be set out in the Supplemental Trust Deed, Supplementary 
Security Document (if any) and/or Issue Terms. 
Realisation of Security: 
The Security in relation to any Series of Notes issued pursuant to the 
Principal Trust Deed will, save as otherwise provided in the Principal Trust 
Deed, become enforceable upon the Trustee giving an Enforcement Notice 
(as defined in Condition 11.1 (Occurrence of Events of Default)) to the Issuer 
subsequent to the occurrence of an Event of Default or as otherwise provided 
in the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed and/or the terms of such Series. 
The Trustee shall not be required to take any action in connection with the 
enforcement of Security in relation to a Series of Notes unless it has first 
been secured and/or indemnified and/or prefunded to its satisfaction.  
 
Where a Priority Secured Creditor in relation to any Series is or includes the 
Noteholders, the Noteholders may (where specified) request the Trustee by 
means of a request in writing of the holders of at least one fifth in Principal 
Amount of the Notes of such Series outstanding or by means of an 
Extraordinary Resolution of such Noteholders and where the Priority 
Secured Creditor is or includes a Secured Creditor other than the 
Noteholders, such other Secured Creditor may make requests to the Trustee 
in writing.  
 
Having received such a request from the Priority Secured Creditor, the 
Trustee shall not be obliged to consider the interests of any other Secured 
Creditor for such Series. 
Method of Issue: 
Notes will be issued on either a syndicated or a non-syndicated continuous 
basis in series.

--- Page 10 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 10 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
Selling and Transfer 
Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer and sale of Notes and the distribution of 
offering materials in various jurisdictions; for further information please see 
the sections entitled "Subscription and Sale" and "Transfer Restrictions" of 
this Base Prospectus. 
 
The Issuer is a Category 2 issuer for the purposes of Regulation S. 
For the purpose of this "Overview of Programme and Notes" section of the 
Base Prospectus, "Category 2" and "Regulation S" shall have the meaning 
specified in the U.S. Securities Act of 1933.  
Tranches of Notes: 
The specific terms of each Tranche will be set out in the Issue Terms.  
Fungible Tranches: 
A Series of Notes may comprise a number of tranches which will be issued 
on identical terms save for the first payment of interest. Notes of different 
tranches of the same Series will be fungible except as provided in the Issue 
Terms. If a further tranche is issued in respect of a Series under which a 
tranche or tranches of Notes have already been issued the pool of assets and 
rights relating to such further tranche will be fungible with or otherwise 
equivalent to the Compartment Assets for the original tranche(s). 
Currencies: 
Any currency or currencies (including, without limitation, EUR, GBP, CHF, 
USD or JPY) as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, 
subject to compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory requirements. 
Maturities: 
Any maturity of not less than 90 days or, in the case of Notes denominated 
in GBP, not less than 364 days. No maximum maturity is contemplated and 
Notes may be issued with no specified maturity dates provided, however, 
that Notes will only be issued in compliance with all applicable legal and/or 
regulatory requirements. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
Notes may be issued as Bearer Notes or Registered Notes. Registered Notes 
will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes, but Bearer Notes will be 
exchangeable for Notes in registered form in certain circumstances. 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be in the form of either a 
Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note, in each case as 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms.   
Each Global Note will be deposited on or around the relevant Issue Date with 
a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system.   
If specified in the Issue Terms, a Temporary Global Note will either be 
exchangeable for: (i) a Permanent Global Note; (ii) or Definitive Notes.

--- Page 11 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 11 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
 
If the TEFRA D Rules are specified in the Issue Terms as applicable, 
certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership will be a condition 
precedent to any exchange of an interest in a Temporary Global Note or 
receipt of any payment of interest in respect of a Temporary Global Note.   
If specified in the Issue Terms, a Permanent Global Note will be 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes in accordance with its terms.   
Definitive Notes will, if interest-bearing, have Coupons attached and, if 
appropriate, a Talon for further Coupons and will, if principal thereof is 
repayable by instalments, have Receipts attached. 
Registered Notes 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will be in the form of either Individual 
Note Certificates or a Global Note Certificate, in each case as specified in 
the Issue Terms. 
Each Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Note Certificate will be 
registered in the name of a common depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system 
and the relevant Global Note Certificate will be deposited on or about the 
Issue Date with the common depositary. 
If specified in the Issue Terms, a Global Note Certificate may be 
exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates in accordance with its terms.   
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed Rate Notes will bear interest at a fixed rate and will be payable for 
each Series or Tranche on such date(s) and at such rate(s) as agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as specified in the Issue Terms). 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate set separately for each Series 
or Tranche as may be specified in the Issue Terms either on the basis of a 
reference rate appearing on an agreed screen page of a commercial quotation 
service or on the basis of quotations from reference banks or on such other 
basis as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and as 
adjusted for any applicable Margin (as defined in Condition 2 (Definitions)). 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum 
interest rate or both. 
Interest Periods and 
Interest Rates: 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable interest 
rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to time or be constant 
for any Series or Tranche. All such information will be specified in the Issue 
Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be offered and sold at their Principal Amount or at 
a discount to it and will not bear interest (other than in relation to interest 
due after the due date for redemption). 
Pass-Through Notes: 
 
The amount of interest payable by the Issuer in respect of a Series of Pass-
Through Notes shall be equal to the amounts in respect of interest that the 
Issuer has received in respect of the Charged Assets for such Series of Notes 
(less any amount due and payable to any person ranking senior to the 
Noteholders in the Priority of Payments).  
If Pass-Through Notes are specified as applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Issuer shall pay to the Noteholders on a pro rata basis an amount 
equal to any amounts (other than in respect of interest or principal) it receives 
in respect of the Charged Assets for such Series of Notes (less any amount 
due and payable to any person ranking senior to the Noteholders in the

--- Page 12 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 12 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
Priority of Payments) as an additional interest amount in respect of the 
Notes. 
 
The Issuer shall have no obligation to pay amounts due to Noteholders in 
respect of Pass-Through Notes unless it is in receipt of such corresponding 
amounts from the Charged Assets. 
Optional Redemption: 
The Issue Terms in respect of each Series of Notes will state whether such 
Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at the option of the 
Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the Noteholders (either in whole or 
in part of the Notes held) and, if so, the terms applicable to such redemption. 
Redemption: 
Unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, each Series of Notes will be 
redeemed prior to maturity in full in certain circumstances. Such 
circumstances may, but will not necessarily, include: 
 
(a) 
where there has been a payment default (following the expiry of any 
applicable Grace Period) in respect of the Charged Assets in relation 
to such Series; 
 
(b) 
where the Charged Assets are redeemed in whole (or in part, if 
'Early Redemption following Partial Prepayment of Charged Assets' 
is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, and such partial 
redemption is other than by reason of payment default or a 
scheduled amortisation of such Charged Assets) or restructuring of 
the Charged Assets; or 
 
(c) 
where the Conditions of the Charged Assets in relation to a Series 
are amended such that the issuer thereof shall no longer be obliged 
to pay the same amounts on the same days as originally 
contemplated in the Conditions of such Charged Assets as of the 
date of issue of the Notes. 
 
Unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, each Series of Notes will be 
redeemed prior to maturity in part in certain circumstances. Such 
circumstances may, but will not necessarily, include: 
(a) 
where there is a scheduled amortisation in respect of the relevant 
Charged Asset; or 
(b) 
where the Issuer receives an amount of principal in respect of 
relevant Charged Assets (other than a scheduled amortisation 
amount).  
 
The redemption provisions are more fully set out in Condition 8 (Redemption 
and Purchase) in the section titled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" 
below of this Base Prospectus. 
Denominations of 
Notes: 
The Notes of any Series shall be in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the Dealer(s) and as specified in the Issue Terms or 
such other minimum denomination as may be allowed or required from time 
to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body (however 
designated)) or any laws or regulations applicable to the currency in which 
the Notes of that Series are denominated. 
 
No Notes may be issued which have any minimum denomination save that 
any Notes that are listed or admitted to trading on a Stock Exchange shall 
not have a minimum denomination of less than EUR 1,000 (or its nearest 
equivalent in another currency) and Notes shall not be issued in 
denominations of less than EUR 100,000 unless the relevant issuance would 
benefit from an exemption from the obligation to publish a prospectus under

--- Page 13 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 13 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
the EU Prospectus Regulation and under the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
Subject thereto, Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be 
specified in the Issue Terms, subject to compliance with all applicable legal 
and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
The Company has not been authorised by the CSSF pursuant to chapter 2 of 
the Luxembourg Securitisation Act and does not intend to seek such 
authorisation. The Company is therefore not permitted to issue securities to 
the public on a continuous basis within the meaning of the Luxembourg 
Securitisation Act. As Notes with a denomination equal to or exceeding EUR 
125,000 are deemed not to be placed with the public within the meaning of 
the Luxembourg Securitisation Act, the Company intends to predominantly 
issue Series of Notes (as Issuer) with minimum denominations of at least 
EUR 125,000. 
Taxation: 
Payments of principal and interest by the Issuer in respect of any Series of 
Notes will be made subject to withholding tax (if any) applicable to the Notes 
of that Series without the Issuer being obliged to pay additional amounts as 
a consequence. In the event that the Issuer becomes subject to withholding 
tax, the Issuer shall make such payment after such withholding or deduction 
has been made and shall account to the relevant authorities for the amount 
so required to be withheld or deducted. Neither the Issuer, nor the Principal 
Paying Agent, nor the Trustee will be obliged to make any additional 
payments to the Noteholders in respect of such withholding or deduction. 
 
If so provided in the relevant Issue Terms, the Issuer may, upon payments of 
principal and interest by the Issuer in respect of any Series of Notes being 
made subject to withholding or deduction, redeem all but not some only of 
the Notes of the relevant Series, as more fully described under Condition 
8.2.3 (Redemption for taxation and other reasons) of this Base Prospectus. 
Illegality: 
If so provided in the relevant Issue Terms, the Issuer may redeem all but not 
some only of the Notes of the relevant Series following the occurrence of an 
event that may render the Issuer's obligations under or in connection with 
the Notes or the Charged Assets unlawful. 
Status: 
Each Series of Notes will be (i) secured, limited recourse obligations of the 
Issuer ranking pari passu without any preference amongst themselves; and 
(ii) subject to the Securitisation Act.  
 
The status of the Notes of any Series is more fully set out in Condition 4 
(Status of the Notes and Priority Secured Creditor) in the section titled 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes" of this Base Prospectus. 
Order of Priorities: 
Claims of Holders in respect of any Series shall rank in accordance with the 
priorities set out in the Supplemental Trust Deed and/or the Issue Terms. 
Restrictions: 
So long as any of the Notes remain outstanding, the Issuer will be subject to 
certain restrictions on engaging in business and on carrying out certain acts.  
The restrictions on the Issuer are more fully set out in Condition 6 
(Restrictions) in the section titled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" of 
this Base Prospectus. 
Compartment Assets: 
The Compartment Assets with respect to any Series of Notes will comprise 
either: (i) Banca March Charged Assets if issued using Final Terms; or (ii) 
bonds or notes of any form, denomination, type and issuer, the benefit of 
loans or other contractual rights (including, without limitation, sub-
participations and derivatives of any type) or any other assets (including, 
without limitation equity) if issued using an Alternative Drawdown 
Document.

--- Page 14 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 14 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
Collection of Payments: 
Payments of interest and principal (and any other moneys received) in 
respect of the Compartment Assets will, unless otherwise specified in the 
Issue Terms, be credited to the account of the custodian, specified in the 
Issue Terms. Unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, in the case 
where no Related Agreement has been entered into by the Issuer in respect 
of payments it is due to make on a Series of Notes, all amounts received in 
respect of the Compartment Assets shall be paid to the Principal Paying 
Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar to be applied in respect of the 
relevant Series of Notes. Unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, 
where there is a Related Agreement, all such amounts shall be applied in 
payment to the Counterparty in satisfaction of the obligations of the Issuer 
under such Related Agreement or otherwise shall be transferred to such 
account as the Issuer may direct in writing. 
 
Related Agreement: 
In connection with the issue of the Notes or in respect of any Series, the 
Issuer may enter into swap transactions or other hedging agreements or any 
letters of credit, guarantees or other credit support or credit enhancement 
documents or other financial arrangements. 
Listing: 
Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as 
Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") for Notes issued under the 
Programme within 12 months after the date of this Base Prospectus to be 
admitted to the official list (the "Official List") and trading on the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin (the "Regulated Market"). However, no 
assurance can be given that such an application to admit Notes to the Official 
List and to trading on the Regulated Market will be successful. 
 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on other or 
further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the Issuer and the Dealer 
in relation to a specific Series of Notes.  
 
Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market may 
also be issued.  
Final Terms: 
Notes to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Regulated 
Market may only be issued by way of Final Terms under this Base 
Prospectus where the Charged Assets are Banca March Charged Assets. 
Alternative Drawdown 
Document: 
Where the Charged Assets in respect of a Series of Notes are not Banca 
March Charged Assets, the Charged Assets will be specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement (for unlisted Notes) or Series Prospectus (for 
listed or unlisted Notes), as the case may be.  
Ratings: 
The Programme is not rated. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes, the Principal Trust Deed, each Supplemental Trust Deed, the 
Agency Agreement, the Custody Agreement and the Dealer Agreement are 
or will be governed by and construed in accordance with English law.

--- Page 15 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 15 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks. Prior to investing in the Notes, prospective 
investors should carefully consider risk factors associated with any investment in the Notes, the business 
of the Issuer and all other information contained in this Base Prospectus, including, in particular, the risk 
factors described below. Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below 
or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. 
The following is not an exhaustive list or explanation of all risks which investors may face when making an 
investment in the Notes and should be used as guidance only. Additional risks and uncertainties relating to 
the Issuer that are not currently known to the Issuer, or that it currently deems immaterial, may individually 
or cumulatively also have a material adverse effect on the business, prospects, results of operations and/or 
financial position of the Issuer and, if any such risk should occur, the price of the Notes may decline and 
investors could lose all or part of their investment. Investors should consider carefully whether an 
investment in the Notes is suitable for them in light of the information in this Base Prospectus and their 
personal circumstances. 
Risks related to the Issuer 
Securitisation Act and Compartments 
The Company is established as a société de titrisation (securitisation company) in the form of a société 
anonyme (public limited liability company) within the meaning of the Securitisation Act. The board of the 
Company (the "Board") will establish one or more Compartments. Each Compartment is a separate and 
distinct part of the Company's estate (patrimoine) which may be distinguished by the nature of acquired 
risks or assets, the Conditions of the Notes issued in relation to the Compartment comprising the Terms and 
Conditions and the relevant Issue Terms of the relevant Series. 
This means that claims against the Company by the Secured Creditors (including the Noteholders) in 
respect of each Series of Notes issued by the Issuer will be limited to the net proceeds of the relevant 
Compartment Assets. Further, under the Securitisation Act, the net proceeds of the Compartment Assets 
for each Series are available only for distribution to the Noteholders and other creditors relating to such 
Series.  
A creditor of the Company may have claims against the Company in respect of more than one Series or 
Compartment, in which case the claims in respect of each individual Series issued by the Issuer will be 
limited to the net proceeds of the relevant Compartment Assets only. Assets held in different Compartments 
of the Company are deemed to be assets of separate entities for the purpose of creditors.  
Fees, expenses and other liabilities incurred on behalf of the Company but which do not relate specifically 
to any Compartment may, under certain circumstances, be payable out of the assets allocated to 
Compartments. The Board shall ensure, to the extent possible (although there is no guarantee that the Board 
will be able to achieve this), that creditors of such other liabilities expressly waive recourse to the assets of 
any Compartment.  
The Notes are solely obligations of the Issuer and no other party has any obligation to the Noteholders for 
payment of any amount due in respect of the Notes. In particular, the Notes do not represent a claim against 
the obligor(s) of the Charged Assets and, in the event of any loss, a Noteholder will not have recourse under 
the Notes to the obligor(s) of the Charged Assets. 
There is no certainty that Noteholders will recover any amount payable under the Notes. Due to the "limited 
recourse" nature of the Notes, claims in respect of the Notes are limited to the net proceeds of enforcement 
of the Compartment Assets. Noteholders will have no recourse to the Issuer beyond the amounts derived 
by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Compartment Assets. 
Contracting on a Limited Recourse and non-petition basis 
The rights of Noteholders to participate in the assets of the Issuer are limited to the net proceeds of the 
Compartment Assets. If the payments received by the Issuer in respect of the Compartment Assets are not 
sufficient to make all payments due in respect of the Notes, the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes will be limited to the Compartment Assets and Noteholders will not recover all amounts due to them.

--- Page 16 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 16 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
To give effect to the provisions of the Securitisation Act under which the net proceeds of the Compartment 
Assets of a Compartment are available only for the transaction parties for the relevant Series relating to that 
Compartment, the Issuer is (subject as provided for in the Trust Deed) permitted only to contract with 
parties on a "limited recourse" basis such that claims against the Issuer in relation to each Series would be 
restricted to the net proceeds of the Compartment Assets of the Compartment for the relevant Series. In 
addition, the Issuer is (subject as provided for in the Trust Deed) permitted only to contract with parties on 
a "non-petition" basis (for the purpose of these risk factors contracting on an "non-petition" basis means 
that the Issuer has entered into a contract or arrangement under which a provision substantially in the form, 
or with the effect, of Condition 12.6 (Non-Petition) of the terms and conditions of the Notes is included in 
such other contract or arrangement). Provided such parties have agreed a non-petition clause, no such party 
will be able to petition or take any other step for the winding-up or the bankruptcy of the Company or any 
other similar insolvency related proceedings in Luxembourg. However, there is no guarantee that all claims 
which arise against the Company will be on a limited recourse and non-petition basis, in particular claims 
arising from parties which have no direct contractual relationship with the Issuer. 
The Compartment Assets relating to one or more Compartments may be subject to claims by creditors other 
than the relevant transaction parties for the relevant Series (including creditors whose claims are preferred 
by law), resulting in a shortfall in the amounts available to meet the claims of the relevant transaction 
parties. Noteholders may be exposed to competing claims of other creditors of the Company if foreign 
courts which have jurisdiction over assets of the Company allocated to a Compartment do not recognise 
the segregation of assets and their compartmentalisation, as provided for in the Securitisation Act. The 
claims of these other creditors may affect the scope of assets which are available for the claims of 
Noteholders and those of the transaction parties. If, as a result of such claims, a shortfall arises, such 
shortfall will be borne by the Noteholders and the transaction parties and Noteholders may suffer a loss in 
respect of their investment in the Notes. 
Allocation of Liabilities among all Noteholders 
The rights of creditors (the "Non Compartment-Specific Claims Creditors") whose claims have not 
arisen in connection with the creation, operation or liquidation of a Compartment and which have not 
waived their recourse to the assets of any Compartment can be paid out of the general estate of the Issuer. 
Alternatively they may be apportioned by the Board of Directors of the Issuer between the Issuer's 
compartments on a pro rata basis by reference to the assets of those compartments or on such other basis 
as it may deem more appropriate where the relevant Conditions or the Articles expressly authorise Non 
Compartment-Specific Claims Creditors to have recourse against the rights and assets allocated to such 
Compartments. 
Where such a liability arises and is allocated to a Compartment, the payment of such liability will reduce 
amounts available to pay Noteholders and may result in Noteholders suffering a loss in respect of their 
investment in the Notes.  
Consequences of Winding-up Proceedings 
The Company is structured to be an insolvency remote vehicle. 
The Company is (subject as provided for in the Trust Deed) permitted only to contract with parties who 
agree not to make any application for the commencement of winding-up, or bankruptcy or similar 
proceedings against the Company. Legal proceedings initiated against the Company in breach of these 
provisions shall, in principle, be declared inadmissible by a Luxembourg court. 
However, if the Company fails for any reason to meet its obligations or liabilities, a creditor who has not 
(and cannot be deemed to have) accepted non-petition and limited recourse provisions in respect of the 
Company is entitled to make an application for the commencement of insolvency proceedings against the 
Company. In that case, such creditor (other than a Non Compartment-Specific Claims Creditor) should not 
have recourse to the assets of any Compartment but would have to exercise his rights over the general assets 
of the Company, but not to the assets of any other Compartment. 
Furthermore, the commencement of such proceedings may, in certain conditions, entitle creditors to 
terminate contracts with the Company and claim damages for any loss suffered as a result of such early 
termination.

--- Page 17 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 17 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
The Company is insolvency remote, not insolvency proof. If insolvency proceedings were to be commenced 
against the Company this could have a material impact upon the Issuer's ability to continue to perform its 
obligations in respect of a Series of Notes. 
Certain powers may not be enforceable under Luxembourg Law 
Certain powers of the Trustee or any receiver as conferred upon it under the Law of Property Act 1925 or 
the Insolvency Act 1986 may not be enforceable under Luxembourg law. 
Where such powers are not enforceable under Luxembourg Law, this may prejudice the Trustee's ability to 
carry out its role in relation to a Series and may, amongst other things, adversely affect the Trustee's ability 
to realise any security that it has the benefit of on behalf of the Noteholders and other secured creditors.  
Fees and Expenses 
The Noteholders should note that, in relation to a Series of Notes, fees and expenses (including fees payable 
to the Arranger and/or the Trustee) as set out in the applicable Issue Terms will rank senior to payments of 
principal and interest on the Notes. 
Where such fees and expenses are incurred, the discharge of such amounts will reduce amounts available 
to make payments on the Notes and may result in Noteholders suffering a loss in respect of their investment 
in the Notes.  
Extraordinary Expenses 
Unless specified in the applicable Issue Terms that such provision is not applicable, the Conditions state 
that if, on the date that the Issuer is due to pay to Noteholders any amount in respect of interest, principal 
or other amounts, the Issuer has due and payable amounts in respect of Extraordinary Expenses (as defined 
in the Conditions), the Calculation Agent acting on behalf of the Issuer shall reduce such amounts otherwise 
payable to the Noteholders by an amount in aggregate equal to such Extraordinary Expenses so as to permit 
the Issuer to satisfy such Extraordinary Expenses, the creditors in respect of which may not be note 
creditors. Noteholders will not at any time have any right to receive any or all of the amounts so deducted 
and as a result any such deduction may result in Noteholders suffering a loss in respect of their investment 
in the Notes. 
Evolution of international fiscal policy 
The Grand Duchy of Luxembourg has concluded a number of double taxation treaties with other member 
states. It may be necessary or desirable for the Company to seek to rely on such treaties particularly in 
respect of income and gains of the Issuer. Whilst each double taxation treaty needs to be considered 
individually taking into account fiscal practices primarily of the country from which relief is sought, a 
number of requirements need to be met. These requirements may include ensuring that an entity is resident 
in Luxembourg, is subject to taxation on income and gains in Luxembourg and is also beneficial owner of 
such income and gains.  
Fiscal policy and practice is constantly evolving and at present the pace of evolution has quickened due to 
a number of developments which include, but are not limited to, the Organisation for Economic Co-
operation and Development ("OECD") base erosion and profit shifting project. Any fiscal policy change 
may or may not be accompanied by a formal announcement by any fiscal authority or the OECD. As a 
result, there can be no certainty that the Company will be able to rely on double taxation treaties because 
fiscal practice in relation to the construction of double taxation treaties and the operation of the 
administrative processes surrounding those treaties may be subject to change.  
Where a Series of Notes has been structured so as to rely upon a double taxation treaty, were the application 
of (or the interpretation of the application of) such treaty to change after the Issue Date for a Series of Notes 
this may result in the Issuer not benefitting from such treaty and payments made to or by it being subject 
to tax. The payment of any such tax will reduce amounts available to make payments to Noteholders and 
may result in Noteholders suffering a loss in respect of their investment in the Notes.

--- Page 18 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 18 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
Risks related to the Notes 
Amounts payable to Noteholders on early redemption  
The Notes may be redeemed on a date other than on a final redemption on the Maturity Date upon the 
occurrence of (i) certain tax events with respect to the Notes or the Charged Assets; (ii) payment default, 
restructuring or early redemption of the Charged Assets; (iii) receipt of unscheduled amounts in respect of 
the Charged Assets; or (iv) further events as will be more particularly described in the Issue Terms of the 
relevant Series of Notes.  
The amounts payable to Noteholders following such early redemption may be less than the full value of 
their initial investment in the Notes and may be nil.  
Priority Secured Creditor 
Following the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Trustee may, but need not, exercise any rights, 
(including voting rights) in respect of the relevant Compartment Assets (and in either case shall bear no 
liability for so exercising or electing not to exercise); provided that it shall (subject to it being indemnified 
and/or prefunded and/or secured to its satisfaction) exercise any such rights if requested to do so by the 
Priority Secured Creditor.  
In addition, if 'Noteholder Charged Asset Voting Rights' is specified as not applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default the Issuer shall exercise any voting or other 
discretionary rights that it has in respect of the Charged Assets in accordance with the instructions of the 
Priority Secured Creditor.  
If the Priority Secured Creditor is not the Noteholders, then the Priority Secured Creditor shall exercise 
such direction rights in accordance with its own interests and any direction given by the Priority Secured 
Creditor to the Issuer or the Trustee (as applicable) may be prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
In particular, this may be the case if the Priority Secured Creditor is a creditor which ranks higher than the 
Noteholders in the priority of payments in respect of the application of the proceeds of the enforcement of 
the security for a Series as the Trustee could be directed to sell the Charged Assets for an amount sufficient 
to discharge amounts due to the Priority Secured Creditor but which is not sufficient to discharge amounts 
due to Noteholders in whole or in part resulting in Noteholders suffering a loss in respect of their investment 
in the Notes.  
Priority of Claims 
During the term of the Notes or on an enforcement of the Security, the rights of the Noteholders to be paid 
amounts or delivered assets due under the Notes will be subordinated to (i) the Issuer's share of the payment 
or satisfaction of all taxes owing by the Company; (ii) the fees, costs, charges, expenses and liabilities due 
and payable to the Trustee including costs incurred in the enforcement of the Security (including any taxes 
to be paid, legal fees and remuneration); (iii) to the extent applicable, certain amounts owing to the 
Custodian, the Principal Paying Agent and the other Agents in respect of reimbursement for sums paid by 
them in advance of receipt by them of the funds to make such payment and fees, costs, charges, expenses 
and liabilities; and (iv) any other claims as specified in the Principal Trust Deed as may be amended by the 
Supplemental Trust Deed relating to the relevant Series of Notes, that rank in priority to the Notes. 
Payment of such amounts will reduce the amounts that are available to the Issuer to make payments to 
Noteholders and may result in the Issuer having insufficient funds to pay interest and principal due on the 
Notes in full. 
Reform of LIBOR and EURIBOR and other "benchmarks" 
The London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR"), the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other 
interest rate or other types of rates and indices which are deemed to be benchmarks are the subject of 
ongoing national and international regulatory discussions and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms 
are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such "benchmarks" 
to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot 
be predicted. For example, on 27 July 2017, the UK Financial Conduct Authority announced that it will no 
longer persuade or compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of the LIBOR benchmark after 2021 
(the "FCA Announcement"). The FCA Announcement indicates that the continuation of LIBOR on the

--- Page 19 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 19 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
current basis cannot and will not be guaranteed after 2021. The elimination of the LIBOR benchmark or 
any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any benchmark, could require an 
adjustment to the terms and conditions of a Series of Notes, or result in other consequences, in respect of 
any Notes linked to (or the Charged Assets for which are linked to) a "benchmark". Any such consequence 
could have a material adverse effect on any Series of Notes linked to (or the Charged Assets for which are 
linked to) a "benchmark". 
In particular, if the benchmark used for a Series of Floating Rate Notes is discontinued then the Calculation 
Agent will attempt to obtain quotes from reference banks to determine the interest rate applicable for each 
Interest Period failing which the rate applicable for the previous Interest Period shall apply.  Following a 
discontinuation, there is likely to be considerable market volatility and reference banks may be reluctant to 
provide quotes.  If the interest rate falls back to the rate for the previous Interest Period then the Notes may 
in effect become fixed rate notes and the fixed rate may be substantially lower than market rates.  
If the benchmark for a Series of Pass-Through Notes is discontinued, then any changes to the determination 
of the interest rate for the Charged Assets shall apply indirectly to the Notes and, depending upon the terms 
of the Charged Assets and the size of the Issuer's holdings, the Issuer may have no right to influence or veto 
any such changes.  
No gross-up 
In the event that any withholding tax or deduction for tax is imposed on payments on or in respect of the 
Notes, the Issuer will make the required deduction from amounts that it would otherwise pay to Noteholders 
in respect of the affected interest or principal payment. Noteholders will not be entitled to receive grossed-
up amounts to compensate for such withholding tax or reimbursed for the amount of any shortfall. If such 
withholding or deduction applies to a principal payment then Noteholders will suffer a loss in respect of 
their investment in the Notes as principal on the Notes will not be repaid in full. If such deduction or 
withholding applies to interest then Noteholders will receive less interest than is specified as payable in 
respect of the Notes.  
Trustee indemnity and remuneration 
In certain circumstances, the Noteholders may be dependent on the Trustee to take certain actions in respect 
of a Series of Notes, in particular if the Security in respect of such Series becomes enforceable under the 
Conditions. Prior to taking such action, the Trustee may require to be indemnified and/or secured and/or 
prefunded to its satisfaction. If the Trustee is not indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its 
satisfaction it may decide not to take such action and such inaction will not constitute a breach by it of its 
obligations under the Trust Deed. Consequently, the Noteholders would have to either arrange for such 
indemnity and/or security and/or prefunding or accept the consequences of such inaction by the Trustee.  
Market Value of Notes 
The market value of the Notes will be affected by a number of factors, including, but not limited to (i) the 
value and volatility of the Charged Assets and the creditworthiness of the issuers and obligors of such 
Charged Assets; (ii) interest rates and foreign exchange rates; and (iii) the time remaining to the Maturity 
Date. As a result, Noteholders may suffer a loss and could suffer a significant loss in selling the Notes on 
the secondary market. 
Listing may be discontinued 
The Issuer intends to list certain series of Notes on the Official List for trading on the Regulated Market. 
The Issuer may discontinue any listing of a Series of Notes or the Notes may be listed on another stock 
exchange or exchanges (which may or may not be European Economic Area regulated markets and may or 
may not be in Western Europe). Any such discontinuation or change of listing may affect the ability of 
Noteholders to trade the Notes and could therefore cause the market value of the Notes to decrease. 
Authorised Denominations may involve integral multiples 
Notes may have Authorised Denominations of a certain amount plus one or more integral multiples of a 
smaller amount (the "Integral Multiples") in excess thereof, in which case (i) for so long as the relevant 
clearing systems so permit, the Notes will be tradable only in the minimum authorised denomination of the 
Authorised Denomination and the Integral Multiples and (ii) it is possible that the Notes may be traded in

--- Page 20 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 20 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
amounts in excess of the Authorised Denomination that are not Integral Multiples of the Authorised 
Denomination. A Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts as contemplated in (ii) above, holds 
an amount which is less than the Authorised Denomination in its account with the relevant clearing system 
at the relevant time may need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to not 
less than the Authorised Denomination in order to be able to transfer its Notes (subject in all cases to the 
rules and procedures of the relevant clearing system). Such Notes may be illiquid and it may be difficult to 
purchase a principal amount of Notes in the required amount. 
Risks relating to the Charged Assets 
Charged Assets 
The Charged Assets relating to any Notes will be subject to credit, liquidity and interest rate risks. In the 
event of an insolvency of the issuer or obligor in respect of any Charged Assets, various insolvency and 
related laws applicable to such issuer or obligor may (directly or indirectly) limit the amount the Issuer or 
the Trustee may recover in respect of such Charged Assets. In addition, the Charged Assets in respect of a 
Series of Notes may be less liquid and more volatile than the Banca March Charged Assets. The current 
global pandemic health event resulting from the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) and its collateral 
consequences, such as an extended disruption to the global economy, may lead to higher rates of defaults 
and insolvencies by companies in the near future and, as a result, a greater likelihood of a default or 
insolvency of the issuer or obligor in respect of any Charged Assets. 
If Notes redeem other than on a final redemption on the Maturity Date, the Charged Assets relating thereto 
will be sold or otherwise liquidated. No assurance can be given as to the amount of proceeds of any sale or 
liquidation of such Charged Assets at that time since the market value of such Charged Assets will be 
affected by a number of factors including but not limited to (i) the creditworthiness of the issuers and 
obligors of the Charged Assets; (ii) market perception, interest rates, yields and foreign exchange rates; (iii) 
the time remaining to the scheduled maturity of the Charged Assets; and (iv) the liquidity of the Charged 
Assets. Accordingly, the price at which such Charged Assets is sold or liquidated may be at a discount 
(which could be substantial) to their face value and to the market value of the Charged Assets on the Issue 
Date and the proceeds of any such sale or liquidation when taken together with any other assets available 
to the Issuer that relate to the relevant Series of Notes may not be sufficient to repay the full amount of 
principal of and interest on the relevant Notes that the holders of such Notes would expect to receive in the 
event that the Notes were redeemed in accordance with their terms on their Maturity Date. 
Risks relating to other Parties 
Risks relating to the Custodian 
Charged Assets in the form of cash or transferable securities may be held in an account of the Custodian or 
a sub-custodian in the name of the Issuer.  
Any cash deposited with the Custodian by the Issuer and any cash received by the Custodian for the account 
of the Issuer in relation to a Series will be held by the Custodian as banker and not as trustee. Accordingly, 
such cash will not be held as client money and will represent only an unsecured claim against the 
Custodian's assets. If the Custodian, whilst holding Charged Assets in respect of the Notes, is declared 
insolvent, the Noteholders may not receive all (or any part) of any amounts due to them in respect of the 
Notes.  The Issuer will still be liable to Noteholders in respect of such unpaid amounts but the Issuer will 
have insufficient assets to make such payments (or any part thereof). Consequently, the Noteholders are 
relying not only on the creditworthiness of the Charged Assets, but also on the creditworthiness of the 
Custodian. 
Sub-Custodians, Depositaries and Clearing Systems 
Under the Custody Agreement the Issuer authorises the Custodian to hold the Charged Assets in the 
Custodian's account or accounts with any sub-custodian, any securities depositary or at such other account 
keeper or clearing system as may be appropriate for the type of instruments which comprise the Charged 
Assets. 
Where the Charged Assets are held with a securities depositary or clearing system (whether via the 
Custodian, a sub-custodian or otherwise), the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations with respect to the 
Notes will be dependent upon receipt by the Issuer of payments from the Custodian under the Custody

--- Page 21 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 21 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
Agreement for the Notes (if the Charged Assets are so held) and, in turn, the Custodian (and any applicable 
sub-custodian) will be dependent (in whole or in part) upon receipt of payments from such, securities 
depositary or clearing system. Consequently, the Noteholders are relying on the ability of the Custodian to 
perform its obligations under the Custody Agreement for such Notes (and the performance of any 
obligations of any sub-custodian), and the performance of the respective obligations of, and the 
creditworthiness of, any securities depositary or clearing system holding the Charged Assets deposited by 
the Custodian or any sub-custodian. Any such sub-custodian or securities depositary or clearing system 
may benefit from a lien over the Charged Assets held with it for the discharge of amounts due to it and if it 
were to enforce its rights under such a lien the relevant Charged Assets may cease to be available to the 
Issuer to fund payments due in respect of the Notes which may result in the Issuer being unable to discharge 
principal and interest due on the Notes in full. 
Risks relating to the Paying Agents 
Any payments and/or deliveries made to Noteholders in accordance with the Conditions will be made by 
the Principal Paying Agent and/or the Paying Agents on behalf of the Issuer. Pursuant to the Agency 
Agreement, the Issuer is to transfer to the Principal Paying Agent such amount as may be due under the 
Notes, on or before each date on which such payment and/or deliveries in respect of the Notes becomes 
due. 
If the Principal Paying Agent and/or the Paying Agents, while holding funds for payment to Noteholders 
in respect of the Notes, is declared insolvent, the Noteholders may not receive all (or any part) of any 
amounts due to them in respect of the Notes from the Principal Paying Agent and/or the Paying Agents. 
The Issuer will still be liable to Noteholders in respect of such unpaid amounts but the Issuer will have 
insufficient assets to make such payments (or any part thereof). Consequently, the Noteholders are relying 
not only on the creditworthiness of the Charged Assets, but also on the creditworthiness of the Principal 
Paying Agent and the Paying Agents in respect of the performance of its obligations under the Agency 
Agreement to make or facilitate payments to Noteholders. 
Risks relating to the Calculation Agent 
The Calculation Agent has broad discretionary authority to make various determinations and adjustments 
under the Notes, any of which may have an adverse effect on the market value thereof or amounts payable 
or other benefits to be received thereunder. 
The Trustee 
The Trustee has broad discretion as to how it performs its role under the Notes and is empowered to exercise 
discretions without the consent of the Noteholders except in certain circumstances (as set out in the Trust 
Deed). The Trustee may therefore consent to matters relating to the Notes or the Charged Assets 
notwithstanding that the Noteholders have not consented to this.

--- Page 22 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 22 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
TRANSACTION STRUCTURE DIAGRAM 
The diagram below is intended to provide an overview of the structure of a standard repackaging transaction. 
Prospective Noteholders should also review the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus and the specific Final Terms or Alternative Drawdown Document (as applicable) for a 
description of the transaction structure and relevant cashflows prior to making any investment decision. In 
the diagram below dotted lines represent contractual relationships and solid lines represent cashflows.  
 
 
 
 
Milux International 
Issuances S.A., 
acting in respect of 
a Compartment 
(“Issuer”)
Noteholders
Trustee
Custodian
Issue Agent and 
Principal Paying Agent
Registrar/Transfer Agent
Calculation Agent
Corporate Services 
Provider
Benefit of Issuer
security
Trust Deed
Corporate Services 
Agreement
Custody 
Agreement
Agency 
Agreement
Compartment 
Assets
Collateral 
payments (if any)
Payments under 
the Notes

--- Page 23 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 23 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following information shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
1. the audited, non-consolidated financial statements (including the auditors' report thereon and notes 
thereto) of the Issuer as at and for the year ending on 31 December 2018 (set out on pages 2 to 20 
of such report) (the "2018 Financial Statements"); and 
2. the audited, non-consolidated financial statements (including the auditors' report thereon and notes 
thereto) of the Issuer as at and for the year ending on 31 December 2019 (set out on pages 2 to 19 
of such report) (the "2019 Financial Statements"). 
Copies of the 2018 Financial Statements and the 2019 Financial Statements may be inspected, free of 
charge, at 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, L-2453, the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and at: 
2018 Financial Statements 
https://www.bancamarch.es/recursos/doc/bancamarch/20191204/milux/audited-financial-statements-of-
the-issuer-kpmg.pdf 
2019 Financial Statements 
https://www.bancamarch.es/recursos/doc/bancamarch/20191204/milux/audited-annual-accounts-2019.pdf 
The 2018 Financial Statements have also been published on the website of Euronext Dublin and can be 
accessed as follows: 
Audited, non-consolidated financial statements for the year ending 2018: 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Traditional%20Signed%20FS_31.12.18_Milux%20International%20I
ssuances%20S.A_bd75e533-69be-41d5-bb60-ce87df9512c9.PDF 
Any information contained in or incorporated by reference in any of the documents specified above which 
is not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or is covered 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus 
and has not been scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland.  
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the Central Bank in accordance with Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation.  Statements contained 
in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent 
applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements 
contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus.  Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, 
constitute a part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 24 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 24 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Notes in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") will initially be in the form of either a temporary 
global note in bearer form (the "Temporary Global Note"), without interest coupons, or a permanent 
global note in bearer form (the "Permanent Global Note"), without interest coupons, in each case as 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms. Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent 
Global Note (each a "Global Note") will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche 
of the Notes with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. as operator of the 
Euroclear System ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or 
any other relevant clearing system. 
In the case of each Tranche of Bearer Notes, the relevant Issue Terms will also specify whether United 
States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "TEFRA C Rules") or United States Treasury 
Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "TEFRA D Rules") are applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the 
Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D 
Rules are applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Issue Terms specify the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
a Permanent Global Note", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which 
will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, 
not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to 
non-U.S. beneficial ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless 
exchange for interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest 
payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the delivery of a Permanent Global 
Note, duly authenticated, to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent 
exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms 
against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) presentation and surrender of the Temporary Global 
Note to or to the order of the Principal Paying Agent; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Principal Paying Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership, 
within seven days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Issue Terms specify the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specify that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C 
Rules or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary 
Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Bearer Notes in definitive form 
("Definitive Notes") not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Issue Terms specify the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specify that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be 
in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive 
Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as 
to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without 
such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Issue Terms), in an aggregate principal amount

--- Page 25 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 25 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
equal to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note 
against the surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Principal Paying Agent within 
30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Issue Terms specify the form of Notes as being "Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will be 
exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Issue Terms; or 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Issue Terms; or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global 
Note", then if either of the following events occurs: 
(a) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business; or 
(b) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 11 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Issue Terms), in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the 
Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the 
Principal Paying Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist 
of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below and the provisions of 
the relevant Issue Terms which supplement, amend and/or replace those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of 
Provisions relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in global 
form, the Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to 
the following effect: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue 
Code." 
Registered Notes 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will be in the form of either individual Note certificates in registered 
form ("Individual Note Certificates") or a global Note in registered form (a "Global Note Certificate"), 
in each case as specified in the relevant Issue Terms.  
Global Note Certificate exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates 
If the relevant Issue Terms specify the form of Notes as being "Global Note Certificate exchangeable for 
Individual Note Certificates", then the Notes will initially be represented by one or more Global Note 
Certificates each of which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Individual Note Certificates: 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Issue Terms; or

--- Page 26 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 26 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Issue Terms; or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "in the limited circumstances described in the Global Note 
Certificate", then if any of the circumstances described in Condition 11 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever a Global Note Certificate is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, each person having 
an interest in a Global Note Certificate must provide the Registrar (through the relevant clearing system) 
with such information as the Issuer and the Registrar may require to complete and deliver Individual Note 
Certificates (including the name and address of each person in which the Notes represented by the 
Individual Note Certificates are to be registered, and the principal amount of each such person's holding). 
Whenever a Global Note Certificate is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, the Issuer shall 
procure that Individual Note Certificates will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Global Note Certificate within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf 
of the registered holder of the Global Note Certificate, to the Registrar of such information as is required 
to complete and deliver such Individual Note Certificates against the surrender of the Global Note 
Certificate at the specified office of the Registrar. 
Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed and the Agency 
Agreement and the regulations concerning the transfer and registration of Notes scheduled to the Agency 
Agreement and, in particular, shall be effected without charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as 
the Registrar may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or 
imposed in connection with such exchange. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Individual Note Certificate will be endorsed on that Individual 
Note Certificate and will consist of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes" below and the provisions of the relevant Issue Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Global Note Certificate will differ from those terms and 
conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary 
of Provisions relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
Summary of Provisions relating to the Notes while in Global Form 
Clearing System Accountholders 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Note, references in the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the bearer of the relevant Global Note which, for so long as 
the Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary. 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by one or more Global Note Certificates, references in the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the person in whose name the relevant 
Global Note Certificate is for the time being registered in the Register. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note or a Global Note Certificate (each an 
"Accountholder") must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other relevant 
clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each payment made by the Issuer 
to the holder of such Global Note or Global Note Certificate and in relation to all other rights arising under 
such Global Note or Global Note Certificate. The extent to which, and the manner in which, Accountholders 
may exercise any rights arising under a Global Note or Global Note Certificate will be determined by the 
respective rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant clearing 
system from time to time. For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by a Global Note or Global 
Note Certificate, Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due 
under the Notes and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the holder of such 
Global Note or Global Note Certificate.

--- Page 27 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 27 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
Transfers of Interests in Global Notes and Global Note Certificates 
Transfers of interests in Global Notes and Global Note Certificates within Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system will be in accordance with their respective rules and 
operating procedures. None of the Issuer, the Trustee, the Registrar, the Dealer or the Agents will have any 
responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or any 
other relevant clearing system or any of their respective participants relating to payments made on account 
of beneficial ownership interests in a Global Note or Global Note Certificate or for maintaining, supervising 
or reviewing any of the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing 
system or the records of their respective participants relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note and Global Note Certificate will contain provisions which modify the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes as they apply to the Global Note or Global Note Certificate. The following is a 
summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note or Global Note Certificate which, according to the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, require presentation and/or surrender of a Note, Note Certificate or 
Coupon will be made against presentation and (in the case of payment of principal in full with all interest 
accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note or Global Note Certificate to or to the order of any Paying 
Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect of 
the Notes. On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the Global 
Note, the Issuer shall procure that the payment is noted in a schedule thereto. 
Payment business day: in the case of a Global Note or a Global Note Certificate, shall be: if the currency 
of payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or, if the currency of payment is 
not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
Payment Record Date: Each payment in respect of a Global Note Certificate will be made to the person 
shown as the Holder in the Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the Clearing 
System Business Day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date") where "Clearing System 
Business Day" means a day on which each clearing system for which the Global Note Certificate is being 
held is open for business. 
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 8.5 (Redemption at the 
Noteholder's Option and Exercise of the Noteholders' Option) the bearer of a Permanent Global Note or the 
holder of a Global Note Certificate must, within the period specified in the Conditions for the deposit of 
the relevant Note and put notice, give written notice of such exercise to the Principal Paying Agent, in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or other relevant 
clearing system, specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of which such option is being 
exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 8.4 
(Redemption at Issuer's Option and Exercise of Issuer's Option) in relation to some only of the Notes, the 
Permanent Global Note or Global Note Certificate may be redeemed in part in the principal amount 
specified by the Issuer in accordance with the Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected 
as provided in the Conditions but in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg as 
either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion). 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 16 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent 
Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) or a Global Note Certificate 
and the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are), 
or the Global Note Certificate is deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, notices to Noteholders may be given 
by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in

--- Page 28 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 28 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system.

--- Page 29 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 29 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which (other than in the case of Notes issued using 
Final Terms are subject to completion and amendment and as supplemented or varied in accordance with 
the provisions of the relevant Issue Terms, and, save for the italicised text) will be endorsed on the Notes 
of each Series in definitive form (if any) issued in exchange for the Global Note(s) representing each Series 
of Notes in bearer form or on the Registered Note Certificates representing each Series of Notes in 
registered form. These terms and conditions will also apply to the Global Notes save as modified by the 
terms of the Global Notes. Text in italics in these Conditions (save for sub-headings) refers to the Global 
Notes alone and will not be endorsed on the Notes of each Series in definitive form. Further information 
with respect to the Notes of each Series will be given in the relevant Issue Terms which will provide for 
those aspects of these terms and conditions which are applicable to the Notes. References in the terms and 
conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes which may be issued under the 
Programme (unless the context otherwise requires). The absence of any defined term indicates that such 
term is not applicable to the Notes and references to a matter being "specified" means as the same may be 
specified in the relevant Issue Term. 
The Notes (as defined in Condition 1.1.1) are constituted and secured by an amended and restated principal 
trust deed dated as of 19 March 2021 (as further amended or supplemented from time to time, the "Principal 
Trust Deed"), between Milux International Issuances S.A. (the "Issuer") and Bondholders, S.L. (the 
"Trustee" which expression shall include all persons for the time being the trustee or trustees under the 
Trust Deed referred to below and shall mean, in relation to any Series of Notes, the person identified in the 
relevant Supplemental Trust Deed (as defined below) as the Trustee for that Series) as supplemented by a 
supplemental trust deed (the "Supplemental Trust Deed") dated on or about the relevant Issue Date (as 
defined in Condition 2 (Definitions) below) between the Issuer, the Trustee and the other parties named 
therein (the Principal Trust Deed and any Supplemental Trust Deed being referred to herein as the "Trust 
Deed"). 
The Notes will have the benefit (to the extent applicable) of an agency agreement dated as of 19 March 
2021 (as amended, varied or supplemented from time to time, the "Agency Agreement") between, inter 
alios, the Issuer, the Trustee, The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch in its capacity as issue agent 
(the "Issue Agent" which expression shall include any successor to The Bank of New York Mellon, London 
Branch in its capacity as such) and as principal paying agent (the "Principal Paying Agent", which 
expression shall include any successor to The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch in its capacity as 
such), The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch in its capacity as registrar (the "Registrar", 
which expression shall include any successor to The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch in 
its capacity as such) and as transfer agent (the "Transfer Agent" which expression shall include any 
successor to The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch in its capacity as such) and Banca 
March, S.A. in its capacity as calculation agent (the "Calculation Agent", which expression shall include 
any successor to Banca March, S.A. in its capacity as such). As used herein, "Principal Paying Agent", 
"Paying Agent", "Issue Agent", "Calculation Agent", "Registrar" and "Transfer Agent" shall mean, in 
relation to any Series of Notes, if any other person is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the Principal 
Paying Agent, the Paying Agent, the Issue Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Registrar and/or the Transfer 
Agent, respectively, for such Series, such other person. 
The Issuer has also entered into a custody agreement dated as of 19 March 2021 (as amended or 
supplemented from time to time, the "Custody Agreement") with the Trustee and The Bank of New York 
Mellon, London Branch as custodian (the "Custodian", which expression includes any successor to The 
Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch in its capacity as such and shall mean in relation to any Series 
of Notes, any other custodian appointed in connection with any Series of Notes). In respect of any Series 
the Custodian may appoint any financial institution to act as sub-custodian in relation to that Series, as more 
fully set out in the Custody Agreement. 
References in the terms and conditions to "Issuer" are to the Issuer, acting on behalf of all the Compartments 
or a specific Compartment as applicable, of the relevant Series of Notes. 
Certain statements in these terms and conditions (the "Conditions") may be summaries of the detailed 
provisions appearing on the face of the Notes (which expression shall include the body thereof) and in the 
Principal Trust Deed. Copies of the Principal Trust Deed, the Dealer Agreement, the Custody Agreement, 
the Agency Agreement and the Master Schedule of Definitions (as defined below) are available for 
inspection at the principal office of the Issuer (presently at 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, L - 2453, Grand Duchy

--- Page 30 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 30 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
of Luxembourg) and at the Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent. The Holders (as defined in 
Condition 1 (Form, Denomination and Title) below, which expression includes the holders of instalment 
receipts (the "Receipts") appertaining to the payment of principal by instalments (if any) attached to such 
Notes (the "Receiptholders")) and the holders of the coupons (the "Coupons") (if any) appertaining to 
interest-bearing Notes in bearer form (the "Couponholders", which expression includes the holder of talons 
(the "Talons") (if any) for further coupons attached to such Notes (the "Talonholders")) are entitled to the 
benefit of, are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed and to have 
notice of those provisions of the Agency Agreement and the Custody Agreement applicable to them. 
The Issue Terms will be endorsed upon or attached to the Notes. Other than in respect of a Series of Notes 
issued using Final Terms, these Conditions may be supplemented and may specify other terms and 
conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with these Conditions, replace 
or modify these Conditions for the purpose of such Notes. 
Words and expressions defined in the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Custody Agreement or the 
Master Schedule of Definitions, Interpretation and Construction Clauses made as of 19 March 2021 (as 
amended, varied or supplemented from time to time and signed for the purpose of identification by, inter 
alios, the Issuer and the Trustee (the "Master Schedule of Definitions") or used in the relevant Issue Terms 
shall have the same meaning where used in these Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement, the 
Custody Agreement, the Trust Deed, the relevant Issue Terms and the Master Schedule of Definitions, the 
definition of the relevant term shall have the meaning specified in the relevant document ranking the highest 
in the following order of priority: 
(a) 
firstly, the Issue Terms relevant to the Series in question; 
(b) 
secondly, the Supplemental Trust Deed relevant to the Series in question; 
(c) 
thirdly, the Conditions; 
(d) 
fourthly, the Principal Trust Deed; 
(e) 
fifthly, the Agency Agreement; 
(f) 
sixthly, the Custody Agreement; and 
(g) 
seventhly, the Master Schedule of Definitions. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
1.1 
Form and Denomination 
1.1.1 
The Notes may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes"), serially numbered in an 
Authorised Denomination (as defined below) or in registered form ("Registered Notes") 
in an Authorised Denomination or an integral multiple thereof. "Authorised 
Denomination" means the currency and denomination or denominations of such currency 
or currencies specified in the Issue Terms for such Series of Notes. References herein to 
"Notes" shall be to Bearer Notes and/or Registered Notes, as specified in the Issue Terms 
for such Series of Notes. Bearer Notes of one Authorised Denomination may not be 
exchanged for Bearer Notes of another Authorised Denomination. 
1.1.2 
Interest-bearing Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) 
attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest (other 
than in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these 
Conditions are not applicable. After all the Coupons attached to, or issued in respect of, 
any Bearer Note which was issued with a Talon have matured, a coupon sheet comprising 
further Coupons (other than Coupons which would be void) and, if applicable, one further 
Talon, will be issued against presentation of the relevant Talon at the Specified Office of 
any Paying Agent. Any Bearer Note the Principal Amount of which is redeemable in 
instalments may be issued with one or more Receipts attached thereto. "Maturity Date" 
means the date specified in the Issue Terms for such Series of Notes as the final date on 
which the Principal Amount of such Note is due and payable. A Registered Note

--- Page 31 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 31 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
Certificate in respect of an individual's entire holding of Registered Notes will be issued 
substantially in one of the forms set out in Schedules 6 or 7 to the Principal Trust Deed. 
1.2 
Title 
Title to Bearer Notes, Coupons, Receipts and Talons (if any) passes by delivery. Title to Registered 
Notes passes by registration in the register which the Issuer shall procure to be kept by the Registrar 
(the "Register"). In these Conditions, subject as provided below, "Holder" means the bearer of 
any Bearer Note, Coupon, Receipt or Talon (as the case may be) and the person in whose name a 
Registered Note is registered, as the case may be. The Holder of any Note, Coupon, Receipt or 
Talon will (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes 
(whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership on the face of such Bearer 
Note or, in the case of a Registered Note, on the relevant Registered Note Certificate thereof) and 
no person shall be liable for so treating such Holder. In these Conditions "Noteholder" means the 
bearer of any Bearer Note or, as the case may be, the person in whose name a Registered Note is 
registered. 
1.3 
Fungible Tranches of Notes comprising a Series 
A Series of Notes may comprise a number of tranches (each a "Tranche"), which will be issued 
on identical terms save for the first interest period and interest payment. Notes of different Tranches 
of the same Series will be fungible, except as set forth in the Issue Terms for such Series of Notes. 
If a further Tranche (a "Further Tranche") is issued in respect of a Series under which a Tranche 
or Tranches of Notes have already been issued (an "Original Tranche(s)"), the pool of assets and 
rights relating to such Further Tranche will be fungible with or otherwise equivalent to the 
Compartment Assets (as defined in Condition 5.3 (Charged Rights and Compartment Assets) 
below) for the Original Tranche(s) and the Related Agreement (if any) for the Original Tranche(s) 
will be amended to apply to both the Original Tranche(s) and such Further Tranche. 
1.4 
Securitisation Act 
The Issuer was incorporated on 23 May 2017 as a public limited liability company (société 
anonyme) under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and as a securitisation company 
(société de titrisation) within the meaning of, and governed by, the Luxembourg law of 22 March 
2004 on securitisation, as amended (the "Securitisation Act"), having its registered office at 6, rue 
Eugène Ruppert, L-2453, the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and registered with the Register of 
Trade and Companies of Luxembourg (Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés de Luxembourg) 
under the number B215157. 
Pursuant to the Securitisation Act, the articles of incorporation of the Issuer authorise its board of 
directors to create one or more independent parts of the Issuer's estate (patrimoine) (each individual 
part referred to as a "Compartment") distinguishable from the remaining part of the Issuer's estate 
by the nature of assets or liabilities relating to such Compartment. 
In connection with each Series of Notes, the Issuer will create a specific Compartment to which all 
assets, rights, claims and agreements relating to such Series of Notes will be allocated. The 
Compartment Assets in respect of a Series of Notes are exclusively and only available to satisfy 
the rights of the creditors of a specific Series of Notes whose claims have arisen or will arise in 
connection with the creation, operation or liquidation of such Compartment. For the purpose of the 
relationship of the holders of securities issued by the Issuer between each other, each Compartment 
shall be treated as a separate entity. 
2. 
DEFINITIONS 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have 
the meanings set out below. 
"Additional Business Centre" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms;

--- Page 32 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 32 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
"Agent" means, in respect of a Series of Notes, each of the Issue Agent, the Principal Paying Agent, 
the Registrar, any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent and any Transfer Agent; 
"Alternative Drawdown Document" means, where the Notes are not issued by way of Final 
Terms pursuant to the EU Prospectus Regulation, the Pricing Supplement or Series Prospectus; 
"Banca March Charged Assets" means the First Banca March Charged Asset, the Second Banca 
March Charged Asset and/or the Other Banca March Charged Assets; 
"Base Prospectus" means the base prospectus dated 19 March 2021 prepared in connection with 
the update of the Programme; 
"Business Day" means: 
(a) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London and 
in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; 
(b) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the Relevant Currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; 
and 
(c) 
for purposes other than in respect of a payment, a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) Additional Business 
Centre or, if no such Additional Business Centres are specified, in London; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note 
for any period of time (whether or not constituting an Interest Period, the "Calculation Period"): 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual" is so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, means the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(b) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, means the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(c) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, means the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(d) 
if "30/360" is so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 33 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 33 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(e) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30; and 
(f) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified the relevant Issue Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30,

--- Page 34 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 34 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day 
of the Calculation Period; 
"Default Interest Rate" means the rate of interest (if any) specified as being payable from time to 
time in respect of the Notes following a failure to pay any amount when due. The Default Interest 
Rate will either be specified in, or calculated in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant 
Issue Terms; 
"Encumbrance" means any mortgage, pledge, lien, hypothecation, security interest or other 
arrangement having similar effect; 
"EU MiFID II" means the Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council 
on markets in financial instruments (as amended); 
"EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129; 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest 
rate benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated and published 
by a designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from 
time to time of the European Money Markets Institute (or any person which takes over 
administration of that rate); 
"euro" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 
on the introduction of the euro, as amended; 
"Extraordinary Resolution" means a resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly 
convened and held in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed by a majority of not less 
than three quarters of the votes cast; 
"FATCA" means: 
(a) 
Sections 1471 to 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 or any associated 
regulations; 
(b) 
any treaty, law, regulation of any other jurisdiction, or relating to an intergovernmental 
agreement between the U.S. and any other jurisdiction, which (in either case) facilitates 
the implementation of any law or regulation referred to in paragraph (a) above; or 
(c) 
any agreement pursuant to the implementation of any treaty, law or regulation referred to 
in paragraphs (a) or (b) above with the US Internal Revenue Service, the U.S. government 
or any governmental or taxation authority in any other jurisdiction; 
"Final Terms" means the final terms completed by the Issuer in respect of the Notes; 
"First Banca March Charged Asset" means the Charged Assets with the following 
characteristics: 
Issuer of Charged Assets: 
Banca March, S.A. (as described under the section of this Base 
Prospectus headed "Description of Banca March, S.A.") 
Issue Date: 
1 November 2017 
Maturity Date: 
2 November 2021 
ISIN: 
ES0313040034 
Bloomberg Ticker: 
BANCA 
Nominal Amount: 
200,000,000

--- Page 35 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 35 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
Currency: 
EUR 
Governing Law: 
 
Spanish 
Exchange  
AIAF Mercado de Renta Fija 
"Global Note Certificate" means a global certificate representing Registered Notes substantially 
in the form set forth in Schedule 6 to the Principal Trust Deed; 
"Grace Period" means the period specified in the applicable Issue Terms or, if no period is 
specified, none; 
"Individual Note Certificate" means a certificate representing Registered Notes substantially in 
the form set forth in Schedule 7 to the Principal Trust Deed; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to an Interest Rate and an Interest Period, the 
date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, if none is so specified, the day falling two 
Business Days in London prior to the first day of such Interest Period (or if the specified currency 
is British pound sterling the first day of such Interest Period); 
"Interest Payment Date" means, other than in respect of Pass-Through Notes, the date(s) specified 
as such in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"Interest Period" means, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the period 
beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the 
first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date; 
"Interest Rate" means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Note and 
which is either specified in, or calculated in accordance with the provisions of, these Conditions 
and/or the relevant Issue Terms; 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as supplemented, amended and updated 
as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series) as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., including, if specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, by the ISDA Benchmarks Supplement; 
"Issue Date" means the date of issue of the Notes; 
"Issue Terms" means the applicable Final Terms or, where an Alternative Drawdown Document 
is prepared, the applicable terms and conditions set out in such Alternative Drawdown Document; 
"LIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the London interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a 
designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from time 
to time of ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (or any other person which takes over the 
administration of that rate); 
"Margin" means the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms; 
"Other Banca March Charged Assets" means any debt issued by Banca March, S.A. which is 
listed or admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purpose of EU MiFID II; 
"Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information service 
(including, but not limited to, the Reuters service ("Reuters") and the Bloomberg service 
("Bloomberg")) as may be specified in the relevant Issue Terms, or such other page, section, 
caption, column or other part as may replace the same on that information service or on such other 
information service, in each case as may be nominated by the person or organisation providing or

--- Page 36 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 36 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying comparable rates or 
prices; 
"Pass-Through Fee Amount" means the Pass-Through Fee Amount (if any) specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms;  
"Potential Event of Default" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, any condition, event or act 
which, with the giving of notice and/or the lapse of time, would constitute an Event of Default in 
relation to such Series; 
"Pricing Supplement" means if a Series of Notes do not require the publication of a prospectus in 
accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation, a pricing supplement prepared in connection with 
such Series of Notes; 
"Principal Amount" means in relation to a Note or Series, the original face value thereof less any 
repayment of principal made to the holder(s) thereof in respect of such Note or Series; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for 
that currency; provided, however, that: in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre 
of such Member State of the European Union as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee 
or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
"Priority of Payments" means, in relation to each Series, the priority of payments applicable to 
such Series as specified in the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed; 
"Priority Secured Creditor" means, in relation to a Series and unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms and the applicable Supplemental Trust Deed, at any applicable time, the 
Counterparty and/or the Noteholders in respect of such Series (as the case may be) ranking the 
most closely behind the Trustee in respect of fees, costs, charges, expenses and liabilities in the 
Priority of Payments applicable to such Series; provided, however, that if no sums are at the 
applicable time owing to such Counterparty and/or the Noteholders in respect of such Series (as 
applicable), it shall mean the next highest ranking Counterparty and/or Noteholders as set out in 
the relevant Priority of Payments; 
"Redemption Amount" means, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms, in relation 
to a Note or Series, the amount of the original face value thereof less any repayment of principal 
made to the Holder(s) thereof in respect of such Note or Series; 
"Reference Banks" means the institutions specified as such or, if none, four major banks selected 
by the Calculation Agent in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money market) which is most 
closely connected with the Relevant Rate as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion; 
"Registered Note Certificate" means a Global Note Certificate or an Individual Note Certificate; 
"Relevant Currency" means the currency specified as such or, if none is specified, the currency 
in which the Notes are denominated; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means, with respect to any Note, to be the financial centre as may 
be specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if none is so specified, the financial centre with which 
the Relevant Rate is most closely connected as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Relevant Rate" means EURIBOR, LIBOR or such other rate as is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms for a currency in respect of the Specified Duration; 
"Relevant Time" means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the local time in the 
Relevant Financial Centre specified in the relevant Issue Terms or, if none is specified, the local 
time in the Relevant Financial Centre at which it is customary to determine bid and offered rates 
in respect of deposits in the relevant currency in the interbank market in the Relevant Financial 
Centre;

--- Page 37 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 37 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
"Reserved Matter" means any proposal brought before a meeting of Noteholders: 
(a) 
to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes, to 
reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on any date in respect of the Notes or 
to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes on 
redemption or maturity or the date for any such payment; 
(b) 
to effect the exchange, conversion or substitution of the Notes for, or the conversion of 
the Notes into, shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other 
person or body corporate formed or to be formed; 
(c) 
to change the currency in which amounts due in respect of the Notes are payable; 
(d) 
to change the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders or the majority required to 
pass an Extraordinary Resolution; or 
(e) 
to amend the definition of "Reserved Matter"; 
"Secured Obligations" means in relation to a Series of Notes, all moneys, debts and liabilities 
which are now or have been or at any time hereafter may be or become due, owing or incurred, 
actually or contingently, by the Issuer to the relevant Secured Creditors; 
"Second Banca March Charged Asset" means the Charged Assets with the following 
characteristics: 
Issuer of Charged Assets: 
Banca March, S.A. (as described under the section of this Base 
Prospectus headed "Description of Banca March, S.A.") 
Issue Date: 
12 April 2019 
Maturity Date: 
13 April 2026 
ISIN: 
ES0413040066 
Bloomberg Ticker: 
BANCA 
Nominal Amount: 
100,000,000 
Currency: 
EUR 
Governing Law: 
 
Spanish 
Exchange  
AIAF Mercado de Renta Fija 
"Series Prospectus" means if the Charged Assets in respect of a Series of Notes are not the Banca 
March Charged Assets or such Series of Notes would have a derivative payout, and such Series of 
Notes requires a prospectus to be published in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation, a 
series prospectus relating to the Notes, incorporating by reference the whole or any part of the Base 
Prospectus; 
"Specified Duration" means, with respect to any Relevant Rate to be determined on an Interest 
Determination Date, the period or duration specified in the relevant Issue Terms or, if none is 
specified, a period of time equal to the relative Interest Period; 
"Specified Office" of the Issue Agent, any Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Calculation Agent or 
any Transfer Agent means the office specified against its name on the signature page of the Agency 
Agreement or, in the case of any Agent not originally party thereto, specified in its terms of 
appointment or such other office in the same city or town as such Agent may specify by notice to 
the Issuer and the other parties to the Agency Agreement in accordance with the terms of the 
Agency Agreement; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which the TARGET2 system is open;

--- Page 38 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 38 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
"TARGET2 system" means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer payment system or any successor thereto;  
"Trade Documents" means the relevant Issue Terms, the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed, the 
relevant Related Agreement or custody agreement entered into in respect of a Series, the Notes of 
such Series, any Supplementary Security Document and the final form of any other documents 
entered into by a party or produced in connection with such Series; 
"Transaction Documents" means the Programme Dealer Agreement, Principal Trust Deed, the 
Agency Agreement and the Custody Agreement;  
"Treaty" means the Treaty establishing the European Communities, as amended by the Treaty on 
European Union;  
"VAT" means value added tax imposed by VATA and legislation and regulations supplemental 
thereto and includes any other tax of a similar fiscal nature whether imposed in the United Kingdom 
(instead of or in addition to value added tax) or elsewhere from time to time; and 
"VATA" means the Value Added Tax Act 1994. 
3. 
EXCHANGES OF BEARER NOTES FOR REGISTERED NOTES, TRANSFERS OF 
REGISTERED NOTES AND EXCHANGES OF SERIES OF NOTES 
3.1 
Exchange of Bearer Notes 
Subject to the provisions set forth in Condition 3.5 (Closed Periods), Bearer Notes may, if so 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, be exchanged at the expense of the transferor Noteholder for 
an equivalent aggregate Principal Amount of Registered Notes at the request in writing of the 
relevant Noteholder and upon surrender of the Bearer Note to be exchanged together with all 
unmatured Coupons, Receipts and Talons relating to it (if any) at the Specified Office of the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent. 
3.2 
Transfer of Registered Notes 
Subject to the provisions set forth in Condition 3.5 (Closed Periods), a Registered Note may be 
transferred upon the surrender of the relevant Registered Note Certificate, together with the form 
of transfer endorsed on it duly completed and executed, at the Specified Office of the Registrar or 
any Transfer Agent; provided, however, that a Registered Note may not be transferred unless the 
Principal Amount of Registered Notes proposed to be transferred and the Principal Amount of the 
balance of Registered Notes proposed to be retained by the relevant transferor are Authorised 
Denominations. In the case of a transfer of only a portion of a holding of Registered Notes 
represented by a Registered Note Certificate, a new Registered Note Certificate in respect of the 
balance not transferred will be issued to the transferor. 
3.3 
Delivery of new Registered Note Certificates 
Each new Registered Note Certificate to be issued upon exchange of Bearer Notes or transfer of 
Registered Notes will, within three business days (in the place of the Specified Office of the 
Registrar or Transfer Agent to whom such request for exchange or form of transfer shall have been 
delivered) of receipt of such request for exchange or form of transfer, be available for delivery at 
the Specified Office of the Registrar or of the Transfer Agent (as the case may be) stipulated in the 
request for exchange or form of transfer, or be mailed at the risk of the Noteholder entitled to the 
Registered Note Certificate to such address as may be specified in such request or form of transfer. 
For these purposes, a form of transfer or request for exchange received by the Registrar or the 
Transfer Agent (as the case may be) after the Record Date in respect of any payment due in respect 
of Registered Notes shall be deemed not to be effectively received by the Registrar or the Transfer 
Agent (as the case may be) until the day following the due date for such payment. 
3.4 
Exchange at the Expense of Transferor Noteholder 
Registration of Notes on exchange or transfer will be effected without charge at the expense of the 
transferor Noteholder by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Registrar and upon payment of (or the

--- Page 39 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 39 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
giving of such indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect of) any tax or other governmental 
charges which may be imposed in relation to it. 
3.5 
Closed Periods 
Neither the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered nor a Bearer Note to be exchanged for a 
Registered Note may occur during the period of 15 days ending on the due date for any payment 
of principal, interest or Redemption Amount on that Note except as specified in Condition 3.1 
(Exchange of Bearer Notes). 
4. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES AND PRIORITY SECURED CREDITOR 
4.1 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes, Coupons, Talons (if any) and Receipts (if any) are secured, limited recourse obligations 
of the Issuer, at all times ranking pari passu and without any preference among themselves, which 
are subject to the provisions of the Securitisation Act and secured in the manner described in 
Condition 5 (Related Agreements, Compartment Assets and Security) and recourse in respect of 
which is limited in the manner described in Condition 12 (Limited Recourse and Enforcement). 
4.2 
Priority Secured Creditor 
4.2.1 
The Priority Secured Creditor for a Series may be or include the Noteholders and, if so, 
the Noteholders of such Series will be deemed to be a single Secured Creditor. Where a 
Priority Secured Creditor is or includes the Noteholders, the Noteholders may make 
requests to the Trustee by means of a request in writing of the holders of at least one fifth 
in Principal Amount of the Notes of such Series outstanding (the "Instructing Noteholder 
Group") or by means of an Extraordinary Resolution of such Noteholders. Where the 
Trustee receives conflicting instructions from different Instructing Noteholder Groups, it 
shall follow the instructions of the Instructing Noteholder Group representing the greater 
Principal Amount of Notes of such Series or, if the Instructing Noteholder Groups 
represent the same Principal Amount of Notes, it shall follow the instructions of the first 
of such Instructing Noteholder Groups to have instructed it.  Where the Priority Secured 
Creditor is or includes a Secured Creditor other than the Noteholders, such other Secured 
Creditor (not comprising, in whole or in part, the Noteholders) may make requests to the 
Trustee in writing. 
4.2.2 
Such Priority Secured Creditor will enjoy preferential ranking in the order of priority of 
payments on enforcement of the relevant Security or following a mandatory redemption 
pursuant to Condition 8.2 (Mandatory Redemption), and the Trustee will, where the 
interests of such Priority Secured Creditor conflict with those of the other Secured 
Creditors (as defined in Condition 5.5 (Security)), prefer the interests of such Priority 
Secured Creditor over those of other Secured Creditors (and shall not take into account 
the interests of such other Secured Creditors). 
4.2.3 
Where the Priority Secured Creditor comprises more than one Secured Creditor and one 
of such Priority Secured Creditors includes the Noteholders, and in circumstances in 
which, in the Trustee's sole opinion, there is a conflict between the interests of the 
Noteholders and any other Secured Creditor comprising the Priority Secured Creditor, the 
Trustee will prefer the interests of the Noteholders over, or will act on the request of the 
Noteholders in preference to, those interests of, or any request of, the other relevant 
Secured Creditor and/or Priority Secured Creditors (and shall not take into account the 
interests of the other relevant Secured Creditors). 
4.2.4 
Where the Noteholders are not a Priority Secured Creditor and the Priority Secured 
Creditor comprises more than one Secured Creditor, the Trustee will prefer, or will take 
action at the request of, the relevant Secured Creditor(s) as specified in the relevant 
Supplemental Trust Deed, in preference to the other Secured Creditor(s) as more fully set 
out in the Principal Trust Deed and the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed (and shall not 
take into account the interests of the other Secured Creditors).

--- Page 40 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 40 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
4.2.5 
If, following a request as aforesaid and unless the Trustee has already taken action 
pursuant to such request which (in its sole discretion it determines) it would not be 
practical to reverse, the identity of the Priority Secured Creditor changes to another 
Secured Creditor or to another Instructing Noteholder Group (as applicable), the Trustee 
shall, in its absolute discretion, and without liability therefor, be entitled to take into 
account the request of such succeeding Priority Secured Creditor, but shall not be obliged 
to do so and shall not incur any liability for determining that it is impractical to take 
account of the change of identity of the Priority Secured Creditor. 
4.2.6 
As further set out in the Principal Trust Deed and unless specifically provided otherwise 
therein, the Trustee shall not be bound to take any action in respect of any Series unless 
secured and/or indemnified and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. 
5. 
RELATED AGREEMENTS, COMPARTMENT ASSETS AND SECURITY 
5.1 
Related Agreements 
In connection with the issue of the Notes or in respect of any Series, the Issuer may enter into swap 
transactions or other hedging agreements or any letters of credit, guarantees or other credit support 
or credit enhancement documents or other financial arrangements (each a "Related Agreement") 
with one or more counterparties (each a "Counterparty").  
5.2 
Charged Assets 
In respect of each Series, the Issuer will hold (either directly or through the Custodian) the Banca 
March Charged Assets or other such assets as are specified in the Supplemental Trust Deed for 
such Series. Such assets (the "Charged Assets") shall be subject to the Security granted in respect 
of such Series. 
5.3 
Charged Rights and Compartment Assets 
In respect of each Series, the Supplemental Trust Deed shall also specify any and all other assets 
and/or rights of the Issuer (other than the Charged Assets) which are attributed to such Series, 
including the rights of the Issuer under any Related Agreement entered into in connection with that 
Series. Such assets and/or rights (the "Charged Rights") shall be subject to the Security granted 
in respect of such Series. The Charged Assets and the Charged Rights together form the 
"Compartment Assets" in respect of such Series. 
5.4 
Exercise of Rights under Charged Assets  
If 'Noteholder Charged Asset Voting Rights' is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default on any occasion on which the Issuer is requested or 
entitled to vote in respect of the Charged Assets pursuant to the terms thereof (including, without 
limitation, in respect of the acceleration, enforcement or modification of the Charged Assets or the 
granting of any waiver in respect of the Charged Assets), the Issuer shall promptly following 
receipt of such request or upon becoming aware of such entitlement arising notify the Noteholders 
thereof in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) (and clause 16.1.6 of the Principal Trust Deed 
shall not apply to such notice). Prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Issuer shall if so 
specified exercise its voting and discretionary rights in respect of the Charged Assets in accordance 
with an Extraordinary Resolution of Noteholders or if so directed in writing by not less than 20% 
of Noteholders by aggregate Principal Amount, in each case provided that such direction is 
received not less than one Business Day prior to the last date on which the Issuer may exercise 
such vote and/or rights. If on any occasion the requisite number of Noteholders fails to provide a 
direction within the applicable time period the Issuer shall take no further action. 
Where the Issuer receives conflicting instructions from Noteholders in accordance with the 
previous paragraph of this Condition 5.4 (Exercise of Rights under Charged Assets), such conflict 
shall be resolved in accordance with the provisions of Condition 4.2.1 (as if references therein to 
the Trustee were references to the Issuer) in respect of conflicting instructions from different 
Instructing Noteholder Groups and the Issuer shall follow the instructions provided accordingly.

--- Page 41 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 41 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
If 'Noteholder Charged Asset Voting Rights' is specified as not applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default the Issuer shall exercise any voting or other 
discretionary rights that it has in respect of the Charged Assets in accordance with the instructions 
of the Priority Secured Creditor and shall promptly notify the Priority Secured Creditor of any such 
right arising.  If on any occasion the Issuer receives no such instruction from the Priority Secured 
Creditor within the applicable time period the Issuer will take no further action. 
Following the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Trustee shall have the right to exercise or 
direct the exercise of any voting and other discretionary rights attached to the Charged Assets in 
accordance with Condition 15.2 (Authorisation).  
5.5 
Security 
The obligations of the Issuer to the persons having the benefit of the Security relating to a Series 
and specified as secured creditors in the applicable Supplemental Trust Deed and/or 
Supplementary Security Document (as defined in Condition 5.6 (Security Documents) below) (the 
"Secured Creditors") are, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms, secured pursuant 
to the Supplemental Trust Deed and/or Supplementary Security Document in respect of such Series 
by Encumbrances governed by English or Luxembourg law (as applicable) and such further 
encumbrances as may be required by the Trustee, governed by the law of any other relevant 
jurisdiction over the Charged Assets and/or Charged Rights as specified in the Supplemental Trust 
Deed and/or Supplementary Security Document. 
5.6 
Security Documents 
The security created by each Supplemental Trust Deed may be supported by such further security 
documents as may, from time to time, be required by the Trustee and as specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms (each a "Supplementary Security Document" and, together with the relevant 
Supplemental Trust Deed, the "Security Documents") (the "Security"). 
5.7 
Application of Proceeds by Trustee 
All monies received by the Trustee in connection with the Notes will be held by the Trustee on 
trust to apply the same in accordance with the application of proceeds provisions of the Principal 
Trust Deed and the applicable Supplemental Trust Deed. 
6. 
RESTRICTIONS 
6.1 
So long as any of the Notes remain outstanding (as defined in the Principal Trust Deed), the Issuer 
will not, save to the extent permitted by these Conditions, the Transaction Documents or the Trade 
Documents or with the prior consent in writing of the Trustee or the sanction of an Extraordinary 
Resolution: 
6.1.1 
engage in any business (other than acquiring and holding any Charged Assets, issuing 
Notes, entering into the Transaction Documents and the Trade Documents in respect of 
each Series of Notes, acquiring and holding other assets similar to the Charged Assets, 
issuing further Series of Notes, performing its obligations and exercising its rights under 
the Trade Documents and the Transaction Documents in respect of any Series of Notes 
and, in each case, such further matters as may be reasonably incidental thereto); 
6.1.2 
have any employees or premises; 
6.1.3 
issue any additional shares; 
6.1.4 
incur or permit to subsist any indebtedness for borrowed money whatsoever or give any 
guarantee or indemnity in respect of any indebtedness other than issuing further Notes (in 
accordance with the relevant Transaction Documents and the Trade Documents); 
provided however, that such further Notes are: 
(a) 
if secured, secured on the assets of the Issuer other than: (A) the Compartment 
Assets for any other Series (save in the case of a fungible Tranche of such Notes 
forming a single Series with the Tranche of Notes already issued, subject to

--- Page 42 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 42 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
Condition 1.3 (Fungible Tranches of Notes comprising a Series)); (B) assets other 
than those described in (A) above on which any other obligations of the Issuer are 
secured; and (C) the Issuer's share capital; 
(b) 
issued on terms in substantially the form contained in these Conditions which 
provide for the extinguishment of all claims in respect of such further Notes and 
obligations after application of the proceeds of sale or redemption of the 
Compartment Assets of such further Notes; and 
(c)  
in the case of a further Tranche of Notes forming a single Series with any Tranche 
of Notes of a secured Series previously issued, secured pari passu on the 
Compartment Assets for such previously issued Tranche and such further assets 
of the Issuer upon which such further Tranche of Notes and such previously issued 
Tranche are secured; 
6.1.5 
sell or otherwise dispose of the Compartment Assets relating to any Series or any interest 
therein or agree or purport to do so; 
6.1.6 
create or permit to exist upon or affect any of the Compartment Assets relating to any 
Series, any Encumbrance or any other security interest whatsoever other than as 
contemplated by any Supplemental Trust Deed, or any Supplementary Security Document 
executed in relation to such Series; 
6.1.7 
consolidate or merge with any other person or convey or transfer its properties or assets 
substantially as an entirety to any person; 
6.1.8 
permit the Principal Trust Deed or any Supplemental Trust Deed executed in relation to 
any Series or any guarantee agreements executed in relation to such Series, or the priority 
of the Security created hereby, thereby or pursuant to any Supplementary Security 
Document executed in relation to any Series of Notes to be amended, terminated, 
postponed or discharged, or permit any person whose obligations form part of such 
Security to be released from such obligations; 
6.1.9  
release any party to any Related Agreement from any executory obligation thereunder; 
6.1.10 have any subsidiaries; or 
6.1.11 have its 'centre of main interest' (as such term is defined in article 3(1) of Regulation (EC) 
No 2015/848 on insolvency proceedings (the "Recast EU Insolvency Regulation")) 
outside of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg or establish or open any branch offices or 
other permanent establishments (as that term is used in the Recast EU Insolvency 
Regulation) anywhere in the world. 
The Trustee shall be entitled to rely absolutely on a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer 
in relation to any matter relating to such restrictions and to accept without liability any such 
certificate as sufficient evidence of the relevant fact or matter in question. 
7. 
INTEREST AND OTHER CALCULATIONS 
7.1 
Interest Rate and Accrual 
7.1.1 
Each Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) bears interest on its Principal Amount (or as 
otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms) from the Interest Commencement Date at 
the Interest Rate, such interest being payable in arrear (unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms) on each Interest Payment Date. The interest amount payable on each 
Interest Payment Date shall be the interest that has accrued in respect of the Interest Period 
ending on or immediately prior to such Interest Payment Date. 
7.1.2 
Interest will cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, upon due 
presentation, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused, in which event 
interest will continue to accrue (as well after as before judgment) at the Interest Rate (or,

--- Page 43 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 43 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
if applicable, the Default Interest Rate) in the manner provided in this Condition 7 to the 
Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8.3 (Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes). 
7.2 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in these Conditions or the relevant Issue Terms is specified to be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention and would otherwise fall on a day which 
is not a Business Day, then if the Business Day Convention specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
is: 
7.2.1 
the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day 
which is a Business Day; 
7.2.2 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, 
in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day; or 
7.2.3 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day. 
7.3 
Interest Rate on Floating Rate Notes  
7.3.1 
This Condition 7.3 is applicable only if the relevant Issue Terms specifies the Notes as 
Floating Rate Notes. 
7.3.2 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the manner in 
which the Interest Rate(s) is/are to be determined, the Interest Rate applicable to the Notes 
for each Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following 
basis: 
(a) 
if the Page displays a rate which is a composite quotation or customarily supplied 
by one entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the Relevant Rate which 
appears on the Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(b) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Relevant Rates which appear on the Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date; 
(c) 
if, in the case of (a) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case 
of (b) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, 
the Page is unavailable, the Calculation Agent will: 
(i) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the 
Reference Banks to provide a quotation of the Relevant Rate at 
approximately the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank market 
in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market 
at that time; and 
(ii) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(d) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation 
Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the 
Relevant Rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks 
in the Relevant Financial Centre of the Relevant Currency, selected by the 
Calculation Agent, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Relevant 
Financial Centre of the Relevant Currency) on the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period for loans in the Relevant Currency to leading European banks for a period 
equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is representative for a 
single transaction in that market at that time,

--- Page 44 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 44 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
and the Interest Rate for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate 
or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if 
the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic 
mean in accordance with the above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the 
Interest Rate applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will be the sum of the 
Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in relation 
to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
7.3.3 
If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the manner in which the 
Interest Rate(s) is/are to be determined, the Interest Rate(s) applicable to the Notes for 
each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where 
"ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under 
an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent 
for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 
ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms; 
(b) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is the Specified 
Duration; and 
(c) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is either (A) if the 
relevant Floating Rate Option is based on the London interbank offered rate 
(LIBOR) for a currency, the first day of that Interest Period or (B) in any other 
case, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
7.4 
Interest linked to Pass-Through Notes 
If Pass-Through Notes are specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, on the date (each 
such date, an "Interest Payment Date") falling the number of Business Days specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms (or, if the number of Business Days is not specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, three (3) Business Days) after each date on which interest is due and payable to the Issuer 
in respect of the Charged Assets in accordance with the terms and conditions thereof (each such 
date, a "Scheduled Charged Asset Interest Payment Date"), an amount shall be payable in 
respect of each Note (an "Interest Amount") equal to such Note's pro rata share of the aggregate 
interest amount received by the Issuer in respect of the Charged Assets held by or on behalf of the 
Issuer on the relevant Scheduled Charged Asset Interest Payment Date less: 
(i) 
if Pass-Through Fee Amount is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, such Pass-Through Fee Amount; and less 
(ii) 
any amount due and payable to any person ranking senior to the Noteholders in 
the Priority of Payments. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if any interest amount received by the Issuer under the Charged Assets 
on a Scheduled Charged Asset Interest Payment Date is less than the amount due, the Interest 
Amount payable on the Notes will be calculated by reference to the interest amount actually 
received by the Issuer.  If the Issuer receives a payment of interest (including any compounded 
interest and/or default interest in respect thereof) under the Charged Assets subsequent to the 
relevant Scheduled Charged Asset Interest Payment Date, the Issuer shall promptly notify 
Noteholders thereof in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) and shall pay to the Noteholders in 
respect of each Note an amount equal to such Note's pro rata share of such amount (less any 
amount due and payable to any person ranking senior to the Noteholders in the Priority of 
Payments) as an Interest Amount on the Business Day falling five (5) Business Days following the 
date on which the Issuer receives the relevant payment (or, if earlier, on the date on which the 
Notes are finally redeemed pursuant to Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase)). 
The Scheduled Charged Asset Interest Payment Dates as at the Issue Date will be set out in the 
Issue Terms. If the interest under the Charged Assets is payable at a fixed rate, the fixed rate will

--- Page 45 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 45 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
be specified in the Issue Terms. If the interest payable under the Charged Assets is payable at a 
variable rate, the Issuer (or the Calculation Agent on its behalf) shall notify the Principal Paying 
Agent or (in the case of a Series of Registered Notes) the Registrar of the interest amount due on 
the Charged Assets held by the Issuer for a Scheduled Charged Asset Interest Payment Date not 
later than the relevant Scheduled Charged Asset Interest Payment Date. 
7.5 
Maximum or Minimum Interest Rates 
If any Maximum Interest Rate or Minimum Interest Rate is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
then the Interest Rate shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum 
so specified. 
7.6 
Interest Rate on Zero Coupon Notes 
The Interest Rate for any overdue principal in respect of a Zero Coupon Note shall be a rate per 
annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the figure expressed to be the amortisation yield (the 
"Amortisation Yield") shown on the face of the Note or in the relevant Issue Terms (as well after 
as before judgment) up to the Relevant Date. 
7.7 
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for each Interest Period shall be calculated 
by multiplying the product of the Interest Rate and the Principal Amount outstanding of such Note 
during that Interest Period by the Day Count Fraction, unless an Interest Amount is specified in 
respect of such period or an alternative method for determining the amount of interest payable in 
respect of any Note is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, in which case the amount of interest 
payable in respect of such Note for such Interest Period will equal such Interest Amount. 
7.8 
Determination and Publication of Interest Rates, Interest Amounts, Redemption Amounts 
and Instalment Amounts 
7.8.1 
If Pass-Through Notes are not specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, as soon 
as practicable after the Relevant Time on each Interest Determination Date or such other 
time on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any Redemption 
Amount or Instalment Amount, obtain any quote or make any determination or 
calculation, the Calculation Agent will determine the Interest Rate and calculate the 
amount of interest payable (the "Interest Amounts") in respect of each Authorised 
Denomination of Notes for the relevant Interest Period, calculate the Redemption Amount 
or Instalment Amount, obtain such quote or make such determination or calculation, as 
the case may be, and cause the Interest Rate and the Interest Amounts for each Interest 
Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the 
Redemption Amount or any Instalment Amount to be notified to the Principal Paying 
Agent, or (in the case of a Series of Registered Notes) the Registrar, the Trustee, the Issuer, 
each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and, if the Notes are listed on a Stock 
Exchange and such Stock Exchange so requires, such Stock Exchange as soon as possible 
after their determination but in any event no later than (i) (in case of notification to such 
Stock Exchange) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to 
such time, in the case of an Interest Rate and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the 
fourth Business Day after such determination. 
7.8.2 
The Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without 
notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. 
7.8.3 
If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 11 (Events of Default), the accrued 
interest and the Interest Rate payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue 
to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition but no publication of the 
Interest Rate or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made unless otherwise required 
by the Trustee. 
7.8.4 
The determination of each Interest Rate, Interest Amount, Redemption Amount and 
Instalment Amount, the obtaining of each quote and the making of each determination or

--- Page 46 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 46 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
calculation by the Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, the Trustee (or by a duly 
appointed agent on its behalf) pursuant to Condition 7.10 (Determination or Calculation 
by Trustee), shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
7.9 
Calculation Agent and Reference Banks 
The Calculation Agent will procure that there shall at all times be four Reference Banks selected 
by the Calculation Agent with offices in the Relevant Financial Centre and a Calculation Agent if 
provision is made for them in the Conditions applicable to this Note and for so long as it is 
outstanding. If any Reference Bank (acting through its relevant office) is unable or unwilling to 
continue to act as a Reference Bank, then the Calculation Agent will appoint another Reference 
Bank with an office in the Relevant Financial Centre to act as such in its place. If the Calculation 
Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the 
Interest Rate for any Interest Period or to calculate the Interest Amounts or any other requirements, 
the Issuer will appoint (with the prior written consent of the Trustee) a successor to act in its place. 
The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as 
aforesaid. 
7.10 
Determination or Calculation by Trustee 
If the Calculation Agent does not at any time for any reason determine any Interest Rate, Interest 
Amount, Redemption Amount, Instalment Amount or any other amount to be determined or 
calculated by it, the Trustee (or any agent approved by it pursuant to the Principal Trust Deed) may 
(without liability for so doing) determine such Interest Rate, Interest Amount, Redemption 
Amount, Instalment Amount or other amount as aforesaid at such rate or in such amount as in its 
absolute discretion (having regard as it shall think fit to the procedures described above, but subject 
to the terms of the Trust Deed) it shall deem fair and reasonable in all the circumstances or, subject 
as aforesaid, apply the foregoing provisions of this Condition, with any consequential amendments, 
to the extent that, in its sole opinion, it can do so and in all other respects it shall do so in such 
manner as it may, in its absolute discretion, deem fair and reasonable in the circumstances, and 
each such determination or calculation shall be deemed to have been made by the Calculation 
Agent. 
8. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE  
8.1 
Redemption at Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note shall be 
redeemed at its Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
8.2 
Mandatory Redemption 
8.2.1 
Payment Default of Charged Assets or termination of Related Agreement 
In relation to a Series: 
(a) 
where there has been a payment default in respect of the Charged Assets in 
relation to such Series which is not remedied in full prior to the expiry of any 
Grace Period; or 
(b) 
if any Related Agreement in relation to such Series is terminated and is not 
replaced within 21 days from such termination to the satisfaction, and with the 
prior written approval of, the Trustee (acting on the instructions of the Priority 
Secured Creditor), 
then promptly upon becoming aware thereof, the Issuer shall notify the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) and the Trustee and the Calculation Agent of the 
occurrence of such event and that the Notes shall redeem in accordance with this Condition 
8.2. The Calculation Agent shall thereafter, acting for this purpose as the agent of the 
Issuer and subject therefore to the relevant provisions of the Principal Trust Deed, the 
Custody Agreement, any relevant Security Document and the Agency Agreement, proceed 
to arrange for and administer the sale of the Charged Assets relating to such Series on

--- Page 47 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 47 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
behalf of the Issuer (and, where applicable, in accordance with such conditions relating to 
the sale as may be specified in the relevant Issue Terms). Upon receipt of the sale proceeds 
thereof, the Issuer shall give not more than 30 nor less than 15 days' notice to the Secured 
Creditors (which notice shall be irrevocable) of the date on which such net sale proceeds 
(having deducted all costs, expenses and liabilities incurred in connection with such sale) 
plus or minus (if applicable) any early termination amount payable under the Related 
Agreement (depending upon whether such early termination amount is payable by or to 
the Issuer) shall be applied by the Issuer in accordance with the Priority of Payments for 
such Series in final redemption of such Series. 
8.2.2 
Early Redemption or Restructuring of Charged Assets 
In relation to a Series where: 
(a) 
the Charged Assets in relation to such Series are redeemed in whole or, if 'Early 
Redemption following Partial Prepayment of Charged Assets' is specified as 
applicable in the Issue Terms, in part pursuant to an early redemption of such 
Charged Assets prior to their stated date of maturity (other than by reason of a 
payment default or a scheduled amortisation of such Charged Assets); or 
(b) 
the terms and conditions of the Charged Assets in relation to such Series are 
amended such that the issuer thereof shall no longer be obliged to pay the same 
amounts on the same days in the same currency as originally contemplated in the 
terms and conditions of such Charged Assets as of the date of issue of the Notes, 
then promptly upon becoming aware thereof, the Issuer shall notify the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) and the Trustee and the Calculation Agent of the 
occurrence of such event and that the Notes shall redeem in accordance with this Condition 
8.2. The Calculation Agent as agent of the Issuer, subject therefore to the relevant 
provisions of, where applicable, the Principal Trust Deed, the Custody Agreement and the 
Agency Agreement, shall, to the extent that the Charged Assets have not been redeemed 
in whole, proceed to arrange for and administer the sale of the Charged Assets relating to 
such Series on behalf of the Issuer (and where applicable, in accordance with such 
Conditions in the Issue Terms relating to the Series of Notes). Upon receipt of the sale 
proceeds thereof (if applicable) or otherwise promptly following the redemption in whole 
of the Charged Assets, the Issuer shall give not more than 30 nor less than 15 days' notice 
to the Secured Creditors (which notice shall be irrevocable) of the date on which any 
redemption proceeds received pursuant to (a) above and/or any net sale proceeds (having 
deducted all costs, expenses and liabilities incurred in connection with such sale) plus or 
minus (if applicable) any early termination amount payable under the Related Agreement 
(depending upon whether such early termination amount is payable by or to the Issuer) 
shall be applied by the Issuer in accordance with the Priority of Payments for such Series 
in final redemption of such Series. 
8.2.3 
Redemption for taxation and other reasons 
This Condition 8.2.3 is only applicable if so specified in the relevant Issue Terms. If this 
Condition 8.2.3 applies, then in relation to any Series the Issuer satisfies the Trustee that: 
(a) 
it would, on the occasion of the next payment date in respect of the Notes in 
relation to such Series, be required to withhold or account for tax above and 
beyond those taxes of which the Issuer was aware at the time of issue of the 
relevant Series of Notes; or 
(b) 
it would suffer tax above and beyond those taxes of which the Issuer was aware 
at the time of issue of the relevant Series of Notes in respect of: 
(i) 
its income in respect of the Charged Assets; or 
(ii) 
payments made to it under a Related Agreement,

--- Page 48 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 48 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
relating to such Series so that it would be unable to make payment of the full 
amount due on the Notes, Coupons, Talons (if any) or Receipts (if any) in relation 
to such Series; or 
(c) 
the cost to it of complying with its obligations under or in connection with the 
Trust Deed or meeting its operating or administrative expenses would be 
materially increased; or 
(d) 
due to the adoption of, or any change in, any applicable law after the Issue Date, 
or due to the promulgation of, or any change in, the interpretation by any court, 
tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law 
after such date,  it becomes unlawful for the Issuer to: 
(i)  
perform any absolute or contingent obligation to make a payment in 
respect of the Notes or any agreement entered into in connection with the 
Notes; 
(ii)  
hold any Charged Assets or to receive a payment or delivery in respect 
of any Charged Assets; or 
 (iii)  
comply with any other material provision of any agreement entered into 
in connection with the Notes, 
then promptly upon becoming aware thereof, the Issuer shall notify the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) and the Trustee and the Calculation Agent of the 
occurrence of such event and that the Notes shall redeem in accordance with this 
Condition 8.2. The Calculation Agent shall thereafter acting for this purpose as agent of 
the Issuer and subject therefore to the relevant provisions of, where applicable, the 
Principal Trust Deed, the Custody Agreement and the Agency Agreement, proceed to 
arrange for and administer the sale of the Charged Assets relating to such Series on behalf 
of the Issuer (and where applicable, in accordance with such Conditions in the Issue 
Terms relating to the Series of Notes). Upon receipt of the sale proceeds thereof, the Issuer 
shall give not more than 30 nor less than 15 days' notice to the Secured Creditors (which 
notice shall be irrevocable) of the date on which such net sale proceeds (having deducted 
all costs, expenses and liabilities incurred in connection with such sale) plus or minus (if 
applicable) any early termination amount payable under the Related Agreement 
(depending upon whether such early termination amount is payable by or to the Issuer) 
shall be applied by the Issuer in accordance with the Priority of Payments for such Series 
in final redemption of such Series. 
Prior to the publication of the first notice to the Noteholders above in respect of a 
redemption under Condition 8.2.3(a), (b), (c) or (d) above, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Trustee a certificate signed by a director of the Issuer demonstrating that the conditions 
precedent to the obligations of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and, in the case of 
a redemption of Notes under Condition 8.2.3(a) or (b) above, an opinion (in form and 
substance satisfactory to the Trustee) of legal advisers of recognised standing to the Issuer 
(previously approved by the Trustee) in the relevant jurisdiction to the effect that the 
Issuer has or will become obliged to withhold, account for or suffer such tax. The Trustee 
may rely on the aforementioned certificate and/or opinion without further enquiry. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any of the taxes referred to in Condition 8.2.3(a) above 
arise: 
(i) 
owing to the connection of any Holder, or any third party having a beneficial 
interest in the Notes, Coupon, Talon (if any) or Receipts (if any), with the Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg (or such other place of incorporation or tax jurisdiction 
of an Issuer) otherwise than by reason only of the holding of any Note, Coupon 
or Receipt (if any) or receiving principal, Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face 
Amounts, interest or Interest Amounts in respect thereof;

--- Page 49 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 49 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
by reason of the failure by the relevant Holder to comply with any applicable 
procedures required to establish non-residence or other similar claim for 
exemption from such tax; or 
(iii) 
in respect of any Note, Coupon or Receipt (if any) presented for payment by or 
on behalf of a Holder who would have been able to avoid such withholding or 
deduction by presenting the relevant Note or Coupon to another Paying Agent in 
a Member State of the European Union or in the United Kingdom, 
then to the extent it is able to do so, the Issuer shall deduct such taxes from the amounts 
payable to such Holder or any third party having a beneficial interest in the Notes, Coupon 
or Receipt, and shall not redeem the Notes of the relevant Series but this shall not affect 
the rights of the other Holders, Couponholders and Receiptholders (if any) hereunder. Any 
such deduction shall not constitute an Event of Default under Condition 11 (Events of 
Default). 
8.2.4 
Redemption of Notes and Termination of Related Agreement 
(a) 
Interest shall continue to accrue on the Principal Amount of Notes (other than 
Zero Coupon Notes, as to which Condition 8.3 (Early Redemption of Zero 
Coupon Notes) applies) to be redeemed until payment thereof has been made to 
the Holders or, in the case of Bearer Notes, if later, the seventh day after notice is 
given in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) that such amount is available for 
payment. Once the proceeds of sale or redemption of the Charged Assets (having 
made all deductions from such proceeds as required by this Condition 8.2 
(Mandatory Redemption)), have been applied in accordance with this Condition 
8.2 (Mandatory Redemption), failure to make any further payment due in respect 
of a mandatory redemption under this Condition 8.2 (Mandatory Redemption) of 
part of the Principal Amount of the Notes or interest thereon or any termination 
payment under any Related Agreement shall not constitute an Event of Default 
under Condition 11 (Events of Default). 
(b) 
The relevant Related Agreement (if any) will provide that on or prior to the 
redemption of Notes pursuant to this Condition 8.2 (Mandatory Redemption) such 
Related Agreement (or a proportionate part thereof which corresponds to the 
Notes to be redeemed) will terminate. The relevant Issue Terms will set out all 
the terms of such termination (which will reflect the terms of such Related 
Agreement). The relevant Issue Terms will also set out the terms on which the 
Security over the relevant Charged Assets or part thereof may be released to 
provide funds for such redemption (which will reflect the terms of the relevant 
Supplemental Trust Deed and/or Supplementary Security Document). 
8.3 
Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes 
8.3.1 
In relation to any Note which (i) does not bear interest prior to the Maturity Date; and (ii) 
the Redemption Amount of which is not linked to an index and/or a formula, the amount 
payable: 
(a) 
upon redemption of such a Note pursuant to Condition 8.2 (Mandatory 
Redemption) above or, if applicable, Conditions 8.4 (Redemption at Issuer's 
Option and Exercise of Issuer's Option) or 8.5 (Redemption at the Noteholder's 
Option and Exercise of the Noteholders' Option); or 
(b) 
upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 11 (Events of 
Default), 
(the date on which such amount is due and payable being the "Zero Coupon Early 
Redemption Date") shall be calculated in accordance with Conditions 8.3.2 and 8.3.3 
below (being the "Amortised Face Amount" of such Note). Any references in the 
Conditions to "principal" or "Principal Amount" in the case of Zero Coupon Notes shall

--- Page 50 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 50 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
be deemed to include references to the applicable "Amortised Face Amount" where the 
context permits. 
8.3.2 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 8.4.3 below, on a Zero Coupon Early Redemption 
Date, the Amortised Face Amount of a relevant Zero Coupon Note shall be the scheduled 
Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date discounted to such Zero Coupon 
Early Redemption Date at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Amortisation Yield (compounded annually). Where such calculation is to be made for a 
period of less than one year, it shall be made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown 
on the face of such Zero Coupon Note or specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
8.3.3 
In circumstances in which there is a failure to pay when due any amount that is payable in 
respect of any Zero Coupon Note on a Zero Coupon Early Redemption Date, the amount 
due and payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Face Amount of such Note, 
determined in accordance with Condition 8.3.2 above provided that such Amortised Face 
Amount shall not be calculated as of the Zero Coupon Early Redemption Date but rather 
shall be calculated as of the date (being the "Relevant Date") which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of the Note have been paid; or 
(b) 
the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable has been received by the 
Trustee or the Principal Paying Agent, in the case of Bearer Notes, or the 
Registrar, in the case of Registered Notes, and notice to that effect has been given 
to Noteholders in accordance with the provisions of Condition 16 (Notices). 
The calculation of the Amortised Face Amount will continue to be made (as well after as 
before judgment) on each Business Day until the Relevant Date unless the Relevant Date 
falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the 
Principal Amount of such Note together with any interest which may accrue in accordance 
with Condition 7.1 (Interest Rate and Accrual). 
8.4 
Redemption at Issuer's Option and Exercise of Issuer's Option 
8.4.1 
If so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Issuer may, subject to compliance with all 
relevant laws, regulations and directives, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' 
irrevocable notice to the Noteholders falling within an Issuer's Redemption Option Period 
(as specified in the relevant Issue Terms), redeem or exercise the Issuer's Redemption 
Option (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) in relation to all or, if so provided, some 
only of the Notes in the manner and on the date or dates specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms (the "Issuer's Redemption Option Date(s)") in the Redemption Amount specified 
in such relevant Issue Terms together with interest accrued to the date fixed for such 
redemption, or (in the case of Zero Coupon Notes) at its Amortised Face Amount on such 
date. 
8.4.2 
Notice having been given by the Issuer to redeem Note(s) pursuant to this Condition may 
not be withdrawn (save with the prior written consent of the Trustee) and the Issuer shall 
be bound to redeem the Note(s) in accordance with the notice, this Condition and the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
8.4.3 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes or a partial exercise of the Issuer's Redemption 
Option (if permitted as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) when the Notes are in 
definitive form or are Registered Notes, the Notes to be redeemed will be selected in the 
manner indicated in such Issue Terms and notice of the Notes called for redemption will 
be published in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) not less than 15 days prior to the 
date fixed for such redemption. 
8.4.4 
The relevant Related Agreement will provide that on the redemption of Notes by the Issuer 
and/or the exercise of the Issuer's Redemption Option in relation to the Notes, such Related 
Agreement (or a proportionate part thereof which corresponds to the Notes to be redeemed 
by the Issuer pursuant to the exercise of such Issuer's Redemption Option) will terminate. 
The relevant Issue Terms will set out the terms of such termination (which will reflect the

--- Page 51 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 51 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
terms of such Related Agreement). The relevant Issue Terms will also set out the terms on 
which the Security over the relevant Charged Assets and/or Compartment Assets or part 
thereof may be released to provide funds for such redemption or for the exercise of such 
Issuer's Redemption Option (which will reflect the terms of the relevant Supplemental 
Trust Deed). 
8.5 
Redemption at the Noteholder's Option and Exercise of the Noteholders' Option 
8.5.1 
If the Issue Terms in respect of a Series of Notes provides for a Noteholder's Option in 
respect of the redemption of such Notes, the Issuer shall, subject to compliance with all 
relevant laws, regulations and directives and the terms of such Noteholder's Option, 
redeem all or, if so provided, some only of the Notes in the manner and on the date or 
dates specified in such Issue Terms (the "Noteholder's Redemption Option Date(s)") at 
its Redemption Amount specified in such Issue Terms or at its Amortised Face Amount 
(in the case of Zero Coupon Notes), together with interest (if any) accrued to the date fixed 
for such redemption. 
8.5.2 
To exercise such Noteholder's Option which may be specified in such Issue Terms, the 
Noteholder must deposit the relevant Note or, in the case of Registered Notes, the 
Registered Note Certificate in respect thereof, with any Paying Agent (in the case of 
Bearer Notes) or the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Notes) at 
their respective Specified Offices, together with a duly completed exercise notice in the 
form obtainable from any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or from the Registrar 
or any Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Notes) not less than 30 nor more than 60 
days prior to the relevant date for redemption or pursuant to the exercise of such 
Noteholder's Option. 
8.5.3 
The relevant Related Agreement will provide that on the redemption of Notes by the 
Noteholders pursuant to the exercise of the Noteholder's Option in relation to the Notes 
such Related Agreement (or a proportionate part thereof which corresponds to the Notes 
to be redeemed by the Noteholders pursuant to the exercise of such Noteholder's Option) 
will terminate. The relevant Issue Terms will set out the terms of such termination (which 
will reflect the terms of such Related Agreement). The relevant Issue Terms will also set 
out the terms on which the Security over the relevant Charged Assets or part thereof may 
be released to provide funds for such redemption pursuant to the exercise of the 
Noteholder's Option (which will reflect the terms of the relevant Supplemental Trust 
Deed). 
8.6 
Redemption by Instalments 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided in this Condition 8 (Redemption 
and Purchase), each Note which provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts will be 
partially redeemed on each Instalment Date at the Instalment Amount specified on it, whereupon: 
8.6.1 
the outstanding Principal Amount of such Note shall be reduced by the Instalment Amount 
for all purposes; and 
8.6.2 
the notional amount(s) of principal under any Related Agreement upon which payments 
under the Series of Notes of which such Note forms part are calculated shall be reduced 
in a proportion equal to the proportion which the Instalment Amount bears to the original 
notional amount(s) of such Related Agreement. 
8.7 
Charged Asset Amortisation and Instalments 
If Charged Asset Amortisation is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, in the event that the 
Issuer receives a principal payment in respect of the Charged Assets in respect of a scheduled 
amortisation of the Charged Assets (such amount, an "Amortisation Amount") on a Scheduled 
Amortisation Date in respect of the Charged Assets falling prior to the Maturity Date, the Issuer 
shall pay to the Noteholders in respect of each Note an amount equal to such Note's pro rata share 
of the Amortisation Amount (less any amount due and payable to any person ranking senior to the 
Noteholders in the Priority of Payments) as an Instalment Amount.  The Instalment Date in respect

--- Page 52 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 52 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
of such Instalment Amount shall be the number of Business Days specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms (or, if the number of Business Days is not specified in the applicable Issue Terms, three (3) 
Business Days) following the date on which the Issuer receives the relevant Amortisation Amount. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if any Amortisation Amount received by the Issuer on a Scheduled 
Amortisation Date is less than the scheduled amortisation amount specified in the amortisation 
schedule, the Instalment Amount payable on the Notes will be calculated by reference to the 
Amortisation Amount received by the Issuer.  If the Issuer receives a principal payment in respect 
of a scheduled amortisation amount which is paid subsequent to the Scheduled Amortisation Date 
for such scheduled amortisation amount, the Issuer shall promptly notify Noteholders thereof in 
accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) and shall pay to the Noteholders in respect of each Note 
as an Instalment Amount an amount equal to such Note's pro rata share of such amount (less any 
amount due and payable to any person ranking senior to the Noteholders in the Priority of 
Payments).  The Instalment Date in respect of such Instalment Amount shall be the Business Day 
falling five (5) Business Days following the date on which the Issuer receives the relevant payment 
(or, if earlier, the date on which the Notes are finally redeemed pursuant to this Condition 8). 
In respect of a Charged Asset which is scheduled to amortise, the scheduled amortisation amounts, 
Scheduled Amortisation Dates and related Instalment Dates resulting from the amortisation 
schedule in respect of the Charged Assets applicable at the Issue Date will be set out in the 
applicable Issue Terms. The Issuer shall promptly, and in any event no later than the date falling 
three (3) Business Days prior to the first following Instalment Date, notify Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) of any changes to the scheduled amortisation amounts 
resulting from an unscheduled partial prepayment in respect of the Charged Assets. 
In these Conditions: 
"Scheduled Amortisation Date" means each date on which an amortisation amount is scheduled 
to be paid in respect of the Charged Assets in accordance with the then current amortisation 
schedule of the Charged Assets (set out in the applicable Issue Terms or subsequently notified to 
Noteholders pursuant to this Condition 8.7). 
8.8 
Charged Asset Prepayment and Instalments 
If 'Early Redemption following Partial Prepayment of Charged Assets' is specified as not 
applicable in the Issue Terms, in the event that the Issuer receives a principal payment (other than 
a scheduled amortisation amount) in respect of the Charged Assets in respect of a prepayment in 
part of the Charged Assets (such amount, a "Prepayment Amount") prior to the Maturity Date, 
the Issuer shall promptly, and in any event no later than the date falling five (5) Business Days 
following such receipt, notify the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) of its 
receipt of such Prepayment Amount and of the related Instalment Date. 
On the date falling three (3) Business Days following the date of such notice (or, if earlier, on the 
date on which the Notes are finally redeemed pursuant to this Condition 8) which such date shall 
be an Instalment Date, the Issuer shall pay to the Noteholders in respect of each Note as an 
Instalment Amount an amount equal to such Note's pro rata share of the relevant Prepayment 
Amount (less any amount due and payable to any person ranking senior to the Noteholders in the 
Priority of Payments). 
8.9 
Pass-Through of unscheduled amounts in respect of the Charged Assets 
If Pass-Through Notes are specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, to the extent the 
Issuer receives any amounts other than principal or interest in respect of the Charged Assets and 
not otherwise referred to in these Conditions or the Issue Terms from the obligor of the Charged 
Asset in respect of such Charged Assets (such amount, an "Unscheduled Amount"), and to the 
extent such amounts are not for the Issuer's own account, the Issuer shall promptly, and in any 
event no later than the date falling five (5) Business Days following such receipt, notify the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) of its receipt of such Unscheduled Amount 
and of the related unscheduled interest payment date.

--- Page 53 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 53 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
On the date falling three (3) Business Days following the date of such notice (or, if earlier, on the 
date on which the Notes are finally redeemed pursuant to this Condition 8), the Issuer shall pay to 
the Noteholders in respect of each Note as an amount equal to such Note's pro rata share of the 
relevant Unscheduled Amount (less any amount due and payable to any person ranking senior to 
the Noteholders in the Priority of Payments) as an additional interest amount in respect of the Notes. 
8.10 
Cancellation 
All Bearer Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be surrendered to or to the order of 
the Principal Paying Agent for cancellation and all Registered Note Certificates in respect of 
Registered Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be surrendered to or to the order of 
the Registrar and, if so surrendered, will, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be 
cancelled forthwith (together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons 
attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so surrendered for cancellation may not be 
reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
8.11 
Purchase 
8.10.1 
If a purchase option is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Issuer may, provided that 
no Event of Default (as defined in Condition 11 (Events of Default)) has occurred and is 
continuing, and no mandatory redemption event (as described in Condition 8.2 
(Mandatory Redemption)) has occurred, purchase the Notes (or any of them) (provided 
that all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons (if any) appertaining 
thereto are attached or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price. 
8.10.2 
The relevant Related Agreement (if any) will provide that on such purchase such Related 
Agreement (or a proportionate part thereof which corresponds to the Notes to be 
purchased) will terminate. The relevant Issue Terms will set out all the terms of such 
termination (which will reflect the terms of such Related Agreement). The relevant Issue 
Terms will also set out the terms on which the Security over the relevant Charged Assets 
or part thereof may be released to provide funds for such purchase (which will reflect the 
terms of the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed). No interest will be payable with respect 
to a Note purchased pursuant to this Condition in respect of the period from the Issue Date 
or the previous date for the payment of interest on the Note, as the case may be, to the date 
of such purchase and thereafter. 
8.10.3 
If not all the Notes which are in registered form are to be purchased, the Registrar shall 
forthwith upon the written request of the Noteholder concerned issue a new Registered 
Note Certificate in respect of the Notes which are not to be purchased and despatch such 
Registered Note Certificate to the Noteholder (at the risk of the Noteholder and to such 
address as the Noteholder may specify in such request). 
9. 
PAYMENTS 
9.1 
Bearer Notes 
Payments of principal (or, as the case may be, Redemption Amounts) and interest (or, as the case 
may be, Interest Amounts) in respect of Bearer Notes will, subject as mentioned below, be made 
against presentation and surrender of the relevant Receipts (in the case of payment of Instalment 
Amounts other than on the due date for redemption and provided that the Receipt is presented for 
payment together with its relative Note), Notes (in the case of all other payments of principal and, 
in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 9.6.5) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as 
specified in Condition 9.6.5), as the case may be, at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States by a cheque payable in the currency in which such payment is due drawn 
on, or, at the option of the Holders by transfer to an account denominated in that currency with a 
bank in (a) the principal financial centre of the country of the currency concerned if that currency 
is not euro, or (b) the principal financial centre of any Member State of the European Communities 
if that currency is euro; provided that in the case of British pounds sterling, the cheque shall be 
drawn on a branch of a bank in London. However, no payment of principal or interest in respect of 
Bearer Notes shall be made by cheque which is mailed to an address in the United States nor by

--- Page 54 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 54 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
transfer made in lieu of payment by cheque to an account maintained by the payee with a bank in 
the United States. 
9.2 
Registered Notes 
9.2.1 
Payments of principal (or, as the case may be, Redemption Amounts) in respect of 
Registered Notes will be made against the presentation and surrender of the relevant 
Registered Note Certificate at the Specified Office of any of the Transfer Agents or of the 
Registrar and in the manner provided in Condition 9.1 (Bearer Notes) above. 
9.2.2 
Payments of instalments in respect of Registered Notes will be made against the 
presentation and surrender of the relevant Registered Note Certificate at the Specified 
Office of any of the Transfer Agents or of the Registrar in the manner provided in 
Condition 9.1 (Bearer Notes) above and annotated on the Register and the relevant 
Registered Note Certificate. 
9.2.3 
Interest (or, as the case may be, Interest Amounts) on Registered Notes payable on any 
Interest Payment Date will be paid to the persons shown on the Register on the fifteenth 
day before the due date for payment thereof (the "Record Date") (subject as provided 
below). Payment of interest or Interest Amounts on each Registered Note will be made in 
the currency in which such Notes are denominated by cheque drawn on a bank in (a) the 
principal financial centre of the country of the currency concerned if that currency is not 
euro, or (b) the principal financial centre of any Member State of the European 
Communities if that currency is euro, and mailed to the Noteholder (or to the first-named 
of joint Noteholders) of such Note at its address appearing in the Register. Upon 
application by the Noteholder to the Specified Office of the Registrar or any Transfer 
Agent at least ten days before the relevant payment date, such payment of interest may be 
made by transfer to an account in the relevant currency maintained by the payee with a 
bank in (a) the principal financial centre of the country of that currency if that currency is 
not euro, or (b) the principal financial centre of any Member State of the European 
Communities if that currency is euro. 
9.2.4 
Payments in British pounds sterling will be made in the manner specified in Condition 9.1 
(Bearer Notes). 
9.3 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, payments in 
respect thereof may be made in U.S. dollars at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent in New 
York City in the same manner as aforesaid if: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with Specified Offices outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment of the amounts on the Notes in U.S. dollars in the manner provided above when 
due; 
(b) 
payment in full of such amounts in U.S. dollars at all such offices is illegal or effectively 
precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such 
amounts; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving adverse tax 
consequences to the Issuer (as certified by the Issuer to the Trustee on the basis of 
appropriate United States tax advice). 
9.4 
Payments subject to fiscal laws; payments on Registered Notes 
9.4.1 
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and 
directives, but without prejudice to the provisions of this Condition 9 (Payments). No 
commission or expenses shall be charged to the Holders in respect of such payments. 
9.4.2 
Subject to Condition 9.2 (Registered Notes), the Holder of a Registered Note shall be the 
only person entitled to receive payments of principal (or Redemption Amounts) and

--- Page 55 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 55 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
interest (or Interest Amounts) on such Registered Note and the Issuer will be discharged 
by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Registered Note in respect of each 
amount paid. 
9.5 
Appointment of the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, the Issue Agent, the 
Registrar, the Transfer Agents and the Calculation Agent 
The Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer, or the Trustee (as the case may be), and do not assume 
any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any Holder. The Issuer reserves the 
right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent, and to appoint additional or 
other Agents, provided that the Issuer will at all times maintain (i) a Principal Paying Agent, (ii) 
(while any Series of Registered Notes remains outstanding), a Registrar, (iii) a Calculation Agent 
where the Conditions so require one and (iv) if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system 
which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent and/or a Transfer Agent in any particular place, 
the Issuer shall maintain a Paying Agent and/or a Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in the 
place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices).  
9.6 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons 
9.6.1 
Subject to the provisions of the relevant Issue Terms, upon the due date for redemption of 
any Note which is a Bearer Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or 
not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
9.6.2 
Upon the date for redemption of any Note, any unmatured Talon relating to such Note 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in respect 
of such Talon. 
9.6.3 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Note which is redeemable in instalments, all 
Receipts relating to such Note having an Instalment Date falling on or after such due date 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of 
them. 
9.6.4 
Where any Note, which is a Bearer Note, is presented for redemption without all 
unmatured Coupons and any unexchanged Talon relating to it, and where any Bearer Note 
is presented for redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall 
be made only against the provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
9.6.5 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest or an 
Interest Amount, interest shall accrue from the preceding due date for payment of interest 
or the Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be. Interest accrued on a Note which 
only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on the redemption of such Note 
against presentation thereof. 
9.7 
Non-Business Days 
Subject as provided in the Issue Terms for a Series of Notes, if any date for payment in respect of 
any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a payment business day, the Holder shall not be entitled to 
payment until the next following payment business day or to any interest or other sum in respect 
of such postponed payment. 
In this Condition 9.7, "payment business day" means: 
9.7.1 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(a) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and

--- Page 56 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 56 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
(b) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and 
a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre; or 
9.7.2 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(a) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(b) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in 
foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
9.8 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a coupon sheet issued 
in respect of any Note, the Talon forming part of such coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
Specified Office of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further coupon sheet (and, if necessary, 
another Talon for a further coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons which may have become 
void pursuant to Condition 13 (Prescription)). 
9.9 
Avoided Payments 
If the Issuer has made a payment to the Noteholders under the Notes which was funded (whether 
directly or indirectly through an exchange under a Related Agreement) by an amount received by 
the Issuer under the Charged Assets or otherwise which is subsequently avoided under any 
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law and, as a result thereof, a court or 
other judicial, arbitral or governmental authority has ordered the Issuer to return or turn over such 
amount (and, if applicable, to pay interest thereon), then the Issuer may deduct such amount (and 
any interest thereon) from any future amounts that would otherwise be payable to the Noteholders 
in respect of the Notes.  Any such deduction shall not constitute an Event of Default under 
Condition 11 (Events of Default).   
Notice of a deduction pursuant to this Condition 9.9 shall be given to Noteholders in accordance 
with the provisions of Condition 16 (Notices) no later than the second Business Day prior to the 
relevant due date for payment on which such deduction will be effected together with details of the 
amount of principal, interest or any other amount which will be paid by the Issuer in respect of the 
relevant Notes following such deduction. 
10. 
TAXATION 
10.1 
No withholding unless required by Law; No Gross-up 
All payments in respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons will be made without withholding or 
deduction in respect of any present or future taxes, duties or charges of whatsoever nature unless 
the Issuer, or any Paying Agent, Registrar or, where applicable, the Trustee is required by 
applicable law to make any payment in respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons subject to any 
withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties or charges of 
whatsoever nature. In that event, the Issuer, such Paying Agent, Registrar or the Trustee (as the 
case may be) shall make such payment after such withholding or deduction has been made and 
shall account to the relevant authorities for the amount so required to be withheld or deducted. 
Neither the Issuer, nor any Paying Agent, nor the Registrar nor the Trustee will be obliged to make 
any additional payments to the Holders, in respect of such withholding or deduction, but Condition 
8.2.3 (Redemption for taxation and other reasons) will, if so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
apply. 
10.2 
FATCA Withholding 
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, the Issuer shall be permitted to withhold 
or deduct any amounts required by the rules of U.S. Internal Revenue Code Sections 1471 through 
1474 (or any amended or successor provisions), pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, or

--- Page 57 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 57 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
implementing legislation adopted by another jurisdiction in connection with these provisions, or 
pursuant to any agreement with the US Internal Revenue Service ("FATCA withholding"). The 
Issuer will have no obligation to pay additional amounts or otherwise indemnify a holder for any 
FATCA withholding deducted or withheld by the Issuer, a Paying Agent or any other party as a 
result of any person (other than an agent of the Issuer) not being entitled to receive payments free 
of FATCA withholding. 
11. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
11.1 
Occurrence of Events of Default 
The Trustee at its discretion may, and if so requested by the Priority Secured Creditor of a Series 
shall (in each case, provided that the Trustee is secured and/or indemnified and/or prefunded, or 
both, to its satisfaction) give notice (an "Enforcement Notice") to the Issuer that the Notes of such 
Series are, and they shall accordingly immediately become, due and repayable, at their Redemption 
Amount together with accrued interest (or, in the case of Zero Coupon Notes (unless the Conditions 
provide otherwise) at their Amortised Face Amount) or as otherwise specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms and the Security constituted by the Trust Deed in respect of such Series shall thereupon 
become enforceable (as provided in the Trust Deed) on the occurrence of any of the following 
events (each an "Event of Default"): 
11.1.1 if default is made for a period of 30 days or more in the case of interest or seven days or 
more, in the case of principal, in the payment of any sum due in respect of such Notes or 
any of them; or 
11.1.2 if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under the Notes of such 
Series or the Trust Deed and, where the Trustee considers, in its absolute discretion that 
such default can be remedied, such failure continues for a period of 30 days following the 
service by the Trustee on the Issuer of notice requiring the same to be remedied; or 
11.1.3 if any order shall be made by any competent court or any resolution passed for the 
winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer or an order is made for the Issuer's bankruptcy save 
for the purposes of amalgamation, merger, consolidation, reorganisation or other similar 
arrangement on terms approved by the Trustee; or 
11.1.4 if any other proceedings are initiated against the Issuer under any applicable liquidation, 
bankruptcy, insolvency, composition, reorganisation, readjustment or other similar laws 
(but excluding the presentation of any application for an administration order) and such 
proceedings are not being disputed in good faith, or a receiver, administrator or other 
similar official (not being a receiver or manager appointed by the Trustee pursuant to the 
Principal Trust Deed) is appointed in relation to the Issuer or in relation to the whole or 
any substantial part (in the opinion of the Trustee) of the undertaking or assets of the Issuer 
or an encumbrancer (not being the Trustee or any receiver or manager appointed by the 
Trustee) shall take possession of the whole or any substantial part (in the opinion of the 
Trustee) of the undertaking or assets of the Issuer or a distress or execution or other process 
shall be levied or enforced upon or sued out against the whole or any substantial part (in 
the opinion of the Trustee) of the undertaking or assets of the Issuer (other than, in any 
such case, by the Trustee or pursuant to any of the Transaction Documents or the Trade 
Documents) and in any of the foregoing cases such order, appointment, possession or 
process (as the case may be) is not discharged or stayed or does not cease to apply within 
14 days; or if the Issuer shall initiate or consent to judicial proceedings relating to itself 
(except in accordance with Condition 11.1.3 above) under any applicable liquidation, 
bankruptcy, insolvency, composition, reorganisation, readjustment or other similar laws 
or shall make a conveyance or assignment for the benefit of its creditors generally; or 
11.1.5 the Issuer becomes insolvent or is adjudicated or found bankrupt. 
The Events of Default may be varied or amended in respect of any Series of Notes as set out in the 
relevant Issue Terms.

--- Page 58 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 58 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
11.2 
Confirmation of No Event of Default 
The Issuer shall provide written confirmation to the Trustee, on an annual basis, that no Potential 
Event of Default or Event of Default or other matter which is required to be brought to the Trustee's 
attention has occurred. 
11.3 
Realisation of the Compartment Assets upon redemption 
In the event of the Security constituted under the Trust Deed becoming enforceable following an 
acceleration of the Notes of a particular Series as provided in this Condition 11, the Trustee shall 
have the right to enforce its rights under the Security Documents in relation to the relevant 
Compartment Assets in relation to such Series only, but in each case without any liability as to the 
consequence of such action and without having regard to the effect of, or being required to account 
for, such action to, the Secured Creditors in relation to such Series, provided that the Trustee shall 
not be required to take any action that would involve the Trustee in any personal liability or expense 
unless previously secured and/or indemnified and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. 
11.4 
Events of Default occur separately in respect of different Series 
The provisions of the Trust Deed are expressed to apply separately to each Series. Accordingly, 
the occurrence of an Event of Default under one Series does not per se constitute or trigger an 
Event of Default under any other Series. The Trust Deed may specify circumstances in which the 
Security for a Series will become enforceable without the Trustee serving an Enforcement Notice. 
12. 
LIMITED RECOURSE AND ENFORCEMENT 
12.1 
Limited Recourse 
If the amounts realised from the Compartment Assets in respect of any Series (including, without 
limitation, a realisation of the Security or a sale or redemption of the Charged Assets and 
termination of any Related Agreement in accordance with these Conditions) are not sufficient (after 
meeting the Trustee's, the Paying Agent's, the Custodian's and any receiver's expenses, liabilities 
and remuneration, and any other amounts that rank in priority to the Notes of such Series) to make 
payment of all amounts due in respect of the Notes of such Series and all other Secured Obligations 
with respect to that Series including, without limitation any amount due to the Counterparty as a 
result of the termination of any Related Agreement, no other assets of the Issuer will be available 
to meet that shortfall. 
12.2 
Priority of Payments 
Amounts realised from the Compartment Assets shall be applied in accordance with the Priority of 
Payments specified in the Supplemental Trust Deed. 
12.3 
Extinguishment of Claims 
The net proceeds of the Compartment Assets for the relevant Series may be insufficient to pay all 
amounts due to the Secured Creditors in respect of such Series. Any claim of the Noteholders or 
of any other Secured Creditor with respect to that Series or any outstanding amount remaining after 
the realisation of the Compartment Assets and the application of the proceeds thereof shall be 
extinguished and such Secured Creditors will have no further recourse to the Issuer and any failure 
to make any payment in respect of such shortfall shall in no circumstances constitute an Event of 
Default under Condition 11 (Events of Default). 
12.4 
Trustee with sole Right to proceed against Issuer 
Only the Trustee may pursue the remedies available under the Trust Deed, the Conditions, the 
Transaction Documents and the Trade Documents and enforce the rights of the Secured Creditors 
in relation to the Charged Assets of the relevant Series. No Secured Creditor of such Series is 
entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer or any assets of the Issuer unless the Trustee, having 
become bound to proceed in accordance with the terms of the Principal Trust Deed, any 
Supplemental Trust Deed, any Supplementary Security Document executed in relation to the Notes 
or the Conditions, fails or neglects to do so within a reasonable period and such failure or neglect

--- Page 59 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 59 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
is continuing. However, the Trustee shall not be bound to take any action to enforce the Security 
or pursue the remedies available under the Trust Deed, the Conditions (including under Condition 
11.1 (Occurrence of Events of Default)), any of the Transaction Documents or any of the Trade 
Documents or otherwise take any action unless it is secured and/or indemnified and/or prefunded 
to its satisfaction and has, if so required by the Conditions, been requested to do so by the Priority 
Secured Creditor in respect of the relevant Series. 
12.5 
Enforcement of Security Sole Remedy 
The Secured Creditors accept and agree that the only remedy of the Trustee against the Issuer of 
any Series after any of the Notes in a Series have become due and payable pursuant to Condition 
11 (Events of Default) is to enforce the Security for the relevant Series pursuant to the provisions 
of the Trust Deed and any Supplementary Security Document executed in relation to such Series. 
After realisation of the Security in respect of such Series which has become enforceable and 
distribution of the net proceeds thereof in accordance with Condition 5.7 (Application of Proceeds 
by Trustee), neither the Trustee nor any Secured Creditor in respect of such Series may take any 
further steps against the Issuer, or any of its assets to recover any sums due but unpaid in respect 
of the Notes or otherwise and the relevant Related Agreement will provide that the Counterparty 
may not take any further steps against the Issuer, or any of its assets to recover any sums due to it 
but unpaid in respect of the relevant Related Agreement in respect of such Series and all claims 
and all rights to claim against the Issuer in respect of each such sum unpaid shall be extinguished 
pursuant to Condition 12.3 (Extinguishment of Claims) above. 
12.6 
Non-Petition 
No Secured Creditor, nor the Trustee on its behalf, may institute against, or join any person in 
instituting against the Issuer any bankruptcy, winding-up, reorganisation, arrangement, insolvency 
or liquidation proceeding (except for the appointment of a receiver and manager pursuant to the 
terms of the Trust Deed) or other proceeding under any similar law for so long as any Notes issued 
by the Issuer are outstanding or for two years plus one day after the latest date on which any Note 
issued by the Issuer is due to mature. 
13. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons (which, for this 
purpose, shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within ten 
years (in the case of principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant 
Date in respect thereof. 
14. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS, RECEIPTS AND TALONS 
If any Bearer Note, Registered Note Certificate, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, 
defaced or destroyed it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws and any relevant stock exchange 
requirements, at the Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes, 
Receipts, Coupons and Talons) and the Registrar or any Transfer Agent in London (in the case of 
Registered Notes), upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such 
replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may 
require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements 
will be issued. 
15. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICIATION, WAIVER AND 
AUTHORISATION 
15.1 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modifications and Waiver 
15.1.1 The Principal Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders of a 
Series to consider matters affecting their interests, including the modification by 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Conditions or the provisions of the Trust Deed. The 
quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution will be two or more 
persons holding or representing not less than one half of the Principal Amount of the Notes 
of the relevant Series for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting,

--- Page 60 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 60 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
two or more persons being or representing Noteholders of the relevant Series, whatever 
the Principal Amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that certain terms 
concerning Reserved Matters may only be passed by Extraordinary Resolutions passed at 
a meeting the quorum at which shall be two or more persons holding or representing not 
less than 75 per cent. of the Principal Amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding 
or at any adjourned such meeting, not less than 25 per cent. in Principal Amount of the 
Notes of the relevant Series for the time being outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution 
passed at any meeting of the Noteholders will be binding on all Holders of the relevant 
Series, whether or not they were present at such meeting, and on Couponholders (if any). 
The Principal Trust Deed also permits a resolution in writing, signed by or on behalf of all 
Noteholders who for the time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of 
Noteholders, to take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in 
writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the same form, each 
signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders.  
Where the Notes are held by or on behalf of a clearing system or clearing systems, the 
Principal Trust Deed also provides that approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer or 
the Trustee (as the case may be), given by way of electronic consents communicated 
through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in 
accordance with their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not 
less than 75 per cent. in aggregate Principal Amount of the Notes then outstanding, shall 
take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution. 
15.1.2 The Trustee may without prejudice to its rights in respect of any subsequent breach, 
condition, event or act at any time and without the consent of the Noteholders or any other 
Secured Creditors, but only if and in so far as in its opinion the interests of the Noteholders 
of the relevant Series (in relation to which it is Trustee) will not be materially prejudiced 
thereby: 
(a) 
waive or authorise any breach or proposed breach by the Issuer of any of the 
covenants or provisions contained in these Conditions, the Trust Deed or any 
other Transaction Document or Trade Document in relation to a Series; 
(b) 
determine that any Event of Default or Potential Event of Default in relation to 
such Series shall not be treated as an Event of Default or, as the case may be, 
Potential Event of Default in relation to such Series for the purposes of the Trust 
Deed in relation to such Series, 
provided that the Trustee shall not exercise any powers conferred on it in contravention 
of any express request given by the Priority Secured Creditor but so that no such request 
shall affect any waiver, authorisation or determination previously given or made. Any such 
waiver, authorisation or determination may be given or made on such terms and subject to 
such conditions as may seem fit and proper to the Trustee, shall be binding on the Secured 
Creditors of such Series and, unless the Trustee agrees otherwise, shall be notified by the 
Issuer to the relevant Secured Creditors of such Series as soon as practicable thereafter. 
15.1.3 The Trustee may, without the consent or sanction of the Noteholders or any other of the 
Secured Creditors of any Series, at any time and from time to time concur with the Issuer 
in making any: 
(a) 
modification (other than sub-paragraph (c) of the definition of "Relevant 
Fraction" and the definition of "Reserved Matter" in paragraph 1 (Definitions) 
of Schedule 1 (Provisions for Meetings of the Noteholders) to the Principal Trust 
Deed, or relating to a matter falling within that definition) to these Conditions, 
the Principal Trust Deed or any of the other Transaction Documents or Trade 
Documents to which the Trustee is a party or in respect of which it holds security, 
provided that the Trustee is of the opinion that such modification will not be 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders of the relevant Series (in 
relation to which it is Trustee);

--- Page 61 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 61 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
(b) 
determination that any Event of Default or Potential Event of Default in relation 
to such Series shall not be treated as an Event of Default, or as the case may be, 
Potential Event of Default in relation to such Series for the purposes of these 
presents in relation to such Series provided that the Trustee is of the opinion that 
such determination will not be materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders of the relevant Series; 
(c) 
modification to the Principal Trust Deed or any of the other Transaction 
Documents or Trade Documents to which the Trustee is a party or in respect of 
which it holds Security if in the opinion of the Trustee such modification is of a 
formal, minor or technical nature or to correct a manifest error; 
(d) 
modification to the terms of the Charged Assets: 
(i) 
provided that the Trustee is of the opinion that such modification will 
not be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders of the 
relevant Series; or  
(ii) 
if in the opinion of the Trustee such modification is of a formal, minor or 
technical nature or to correct a manifest error. 
Notwithstanding the provisions at Condition 15.1.3(a), (b), (c) and (d) above of these 
Conditions, the Trustee will not exercise any powers conferred on it by this Condition 
15.1.3 in contravention of any express direction given by an Extraordinary Resolution but 
no such direction will affect any authorisation, waiver or determination previously given 
or made. 
15.1.4 Any such waiver, authorisation, determination or modification may be made on such terms 
and subject to such conditions as may seem fit and proper to the Trustee, shall be binding 
upon the Holders of such Series and any other Secured Creditor relating to such Series 
and, unless the Trustee agrees otherwise, shall be notified by the Issuer to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) and the other Secured Creditors as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
15.2 
Authorisation 
Prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Issuer shall be entitled to exercise any rights in 
its capacity as a holder of, or person beneficially entitled to or participating in the Charged Assets, 
subject to Condition 5.4 (Exercise of Rights under Charged Assets). Following the occurrence of 
an Event of Default, the Trustee may, but need not, exercise any rights, (including voting rights) 
in respect of such Charged Assets (and in either case shall bear no liability for so exercising or 
electing not to exercise); provided that it shall nevertheless exercise any such rights if requested 
to do so by the Priority Secured Creditor, subject to it being indemnified and/or secured and/or 
prefunded to its satisfaction and if the Trustee does exercise any such rights pursuant to such 
request, it will bear no liability for so doing. 
15.3 
Entitlement of the Trustee 
In connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions (including but not 
limited to those in relation to any proposed modification, waiver or authorisation as aforesaid) the 
Trustee shall not have regard to the consequences of such exercise for any individual Secured 
Creditor resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected 
with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory and the Trustee shall not be entitled 
to require, nor shall any Secured Creditor be entitled to claim, from the Issuer any indemnification 
or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise upon individual Secured 
Creditors.

--- Page 62 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 62 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
16. 
NOTICES 
16.1 
Notice Requirements 
Notices to Noteholders of Registered Notes will be posted to them at their respective addresses in 
the Register and deemed to have been given on the fourth Business Day after the date of posting. 
Other notices to Noteholders will be valid if published in a leading English language daily 
newspaper published in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) or, if in the opinion 
of the Trustee such publication shall not be practicable, in an English language daily newspaper of 
general circulation in Europe. Any such notice (other than to Noteholders of Registered Notes as 
specified above) shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published 
more than once or on different dates, on the first date on which publication is made. Couponholders 
and Receiptholders will be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice 
given to the Noteholders in accordance with this Condition. 
16.2 
Notices to be given to Clearing Systems 
A copy of all notices provided pursuant to this Condition 16 shall also be given to Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant clearing system for so long as the Notes are 
cleared through such clearing system. 
16.3 
Notices received under Charged Assets  
If Forwarding of Charged Asset Notices is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
unless the Issuer (in its sole discretion) determines that it is unable to do so due to any 
confidentiality obligation that it is subject to, the Issuer shall deliver to the Principal Paying Agent, 
the Calculation Agent and the Trustee promptly upon receipt thereof, a copy of any statement, 
notice, correspondence or other written material received from or on behalf of the obligor in respect 
of the Charged Assets including, but not limited to, any statement, notice, correspondence or other 
written material relating to a right of the Issuer to vote on any aspect of the Charged Assets 
("Correspondence"), and the Principal Paying Agent shall deliver a copy of such Correspondence 
to the Noteholders, promptly upon receipt thereof, in accordance with the provisions for delivery 
of notices in this Condition 16 (provided that Clause 16.1.6 of the Principal Trust Deed shall not 
apply to any such Correspondence to be delivered by the Principal Paying Agent to the Noteholders 
pursuant to this Condition 16.3). The Issuer may (in its sole discretion) redact parts of any 
Correspondence prior to delivering a copy thereof to any person pursuant to this Condition 16.3 in 
order to comply with any confidentiality obligation that it is subject to.  
17. 
INDEMNIFICATION OF THE TRUSTEE 
17.1 
Trustee's indemnity: Trustee free to enter into transactions 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility, including provisions relieving it from taking any actions (including the giving of an 
Enforcement Notice pursuant to Condition 11.1 (Occurrence of Events of Default) and the taking 
of proceedings to enforce repayment) unless indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its 
satisfaction. The Trustee or any of its affiliates is entitled to enter into business transactions with 
the Issuer, any issuer or guarantor of (or other obligor in respect of) any of the securities or other 
assets, rights and/or benefits comprising the Compartment Assets or the Secured Creditors or any 
of their respective subsidiaries or associated companies without accounting to the Secured 
Creditors for any profit resulting therefrom. 
17.2 
Exclusion of liability of Trustee 
The Trustee shall not be responsible for (nor shall it have any liability with respect to any loss, 
diminution in value or theft of all or any part of the Charged Assets) insuring all or any part of the 
Charged Assets (including, in either such case, any documents evidencing, constituting or 
representing the same or transferring any rights, benefits and/or obligations thereunder) or 
procuring the same to be insured or monitoring the adequacy of any insurance arrangements and 
from any claim arising in each case if all or any part of the Charged Assets (or any such document 
aforesaid) are held in an account with Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any similar clearing 
system in accordance with that system's rules or otherwise held in safe custody by the Custodian

--- Page 63 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 63 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
or a bank or other custodian selected by the Trustee. The Trustee does not have any responsibility 
for monitoring the actions of the Custodian and, in particular, the Trustee will incur no liability, 
vicarious or otherwise, for any actions or inactivity of the Custodian. 
18. 
EXTRAORDINARY EXPENSES 
Notwithstanding any other provisions of these Conditions and unless this Condition 18 is specified 
not to be applicable in the Issue Terms, if, on the date that the Issuer is due to pay to Noteholders 
any amount in respect of interest, principal or other amounts pursuant to these Conditions, the 
Issuer has due and payable amounts in respect of Extraordinary Expenses, the Calculation Agent 
acting on behalf of the Issuer shall reduce such amounts otherwise payable to Noteholders by an 
amount in aggregate equal to such Extraordinary Expenses so as to permit the Issuer to satisfy such 
Extraordinary Expenses and such reduction in amounts otherwise due to Noteholders shall not 
constitute an Event of Default nor will the Noteholders at any time have any right to receive any 
or all of the amount so deducted. Notice of a reduction pursuant to this Condition 18 shall be given 
to Noteholders in accordance with the provisions of Condition 16 (Notices) no later than the second 
Business Day prior to the relevant due date for payment on which such reduction will be effected 
together with details of the amount of principal, interest or any other amount which will be paid by 
the Issuer in respect of the relevant Notes following such reduction. 
"Extraordinary Expenses" means any fees, expenses, out-of-pocket expenses or costs including, 
without limitation, the fees, costs and expenses of professional advisers retained by the Issuer (plus 
any applicable VAT thereon) which are incurred by the Issuer in accordance with, pursuant to or 
so as to permit the Issuer to comply with a Transaction Document or a Trade Document to the 
extent that the Issuer is not otherwise reimbursed for such fees, expenses or costs. 
19. 
ROUNDING 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified): 
(a) 
all percentages resulting from such calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up); 
(b) 
all figures will be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up); 
and 
(c) 
all currency amounts which fall due and payable will be rounded down to the nearest unit 
of such currency. For these purposes, "unit" means, with respect to any currency other 
than euro, the lowest amount of such currency which is available as legal tender in the 
country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means one euro cent (0.01 euro). 
20. 
GOVERNING LAW 
20.1 
Governing Law 
The Principal Trust Deed, the Supplemental Trust Deed, the Notes, the Coupons, the Receipts and 
the Talons (if any), the Agency Agreement, the Custody Agreement and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with them shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with English law. 
20.2 
Securitisation Act 
In accordance with Article 66(1) of the Securitisation Act, articles 470-3 to 470-19 of the 
Luxembourg law on commercial companies dated 10 August 1915, as amended, shall not apply to 
the Notes or to the representation of holders of the Notes. 
20.3 
English courts 
The Issuer has, in the Principal Trust Deed, irrevocably agreed that the courts of England have 
exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a "Dispute"), arising from or connected with the Notes.

--- Page 64 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 64 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
20.4 
Appropriate forum 
The Issuer has, in the Principal Trust Deed, irrevocably agreed that the courts of England are the 
most appropriate and convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue 
to the contrary. 
20.5 
Process agent 
The Issuer has, in the Principal Trust Deed, agreed that the process by which any proceedings 
commenced in connection with a Dispute in England are begun may be served on it by being 
delivered to the agent specified for service of process in the Trust Deed or its other registered office 
for the time being. If such person is not or ceases to be effectively appointed to accept service of 
process on the Issuer's behalf, the Issuer shall, on the written demand of the Trustee, appoint a 
further person in England to accept service of process on its behalf and, failing such appointment 
within 15 days, the Trustee shall be entitled to appoint such a person by written notice to the Issuer. 
In respect of each Series of Notes the Issuer may appoint one or more additional process agents. 
Nothing contained herein shall affect the right of any Secured Creditor to serve process in any 
other manner permitted by law. 
20.6 
Third Party Rights 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes pursuant to the 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.

--- Page 65 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 65 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
FORM OF ISSUE TERMS – FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Final Terms dated [•] 
MILUX INTERNATIONAL ISSUANCES S.A. 
(incorporated as a public limited liability company (société anonyme) under the laws of Luxembourg 
with its registered office at 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, L-2453 Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, registered 
with the trade and companies register under number B215157 and subject to the Securitisation Act) 
(acting in respect of its Compartment [•]) (the "Issuer") 
Issue of [AGGREGATE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF TRANCHE] [TITLE OF NOTES] 
under its Secured Note Programme 
The Notes issued by the Issuer will be subject to the Conditions and also to the following terms (the "Final 
Terms") in relation to the Notes. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated 19 March 2021 [and the Supplemental Prospectus dated [•]] [which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation (the "Base Prospectus"). 
For the purpose of these Final Terms, references to Issue Terms in the Base Prospectus shall be read and 
construed as references to Final Terms in respect of the Notes. This document constitutes the applicable 
Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 5.4 of the EU Prospectus Regulation 
and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of 
the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these applicable Final Terms and the Base 
Prospectus. The Base Prospectus is available for viewing at www.ise.ie and www.centralbank.ie [[and] 
during normal business hours at [•] [and copies may be obtained from [•]]]. 
The expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1120.  
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction 
of the United States, and Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements.  The Notes may not 
be offered, sold or (in the case of Notes in bearer form) delivered within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")) 
except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA").  For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (the "EU Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II.  Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK").  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) ) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the

--- Page 66 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 66 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
OPTION 1 – EU MiFID II Target market Legend for professional investors and ECPs   
[EU MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II")][EU 
MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution  of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
OPTION 2 – EU MiFID II Target market Legend for Retail investors, professional investors and 
ECPs   
[EU MiFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market 
– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes] has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is 
eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "EU MiFID II")][EU MiFID II]; EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution 
services] ] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - 
investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services - subject to the 
distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under EU MiFID II, as applicable].  Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration 
the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under EU MiFID II, as 
applicable.] 
END OF OPTIONS

--- Page 67 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 67 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 19 March 2021 [and the supplemental Base Prospectus 
dated [•]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in 
order to obtain all the relevant information. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only 
available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base 
Prospectus has been published on [Issuer's/financial intermediaries/regulated market/competent authority] 
website]. 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination 
of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus.  
[In accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation, no prospectus is required in connection with the 
issuance of the Notes described herein.]  
(Final Terms shall only be used for Notes where the Charged Assets are the Banca March Charged Assets.) 
(Consideration should be given as to whether a supplement to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation might be required.) 
(Note: Headings are for ease of reference only.) 
SERIES DETAILS 
1. 
Issuer: 
Milux International Issuances S.A. acting in respect of 
its Compartment [•]. 
A separate compartment has been created by the Board 
in respect of the Notes ("Compartment [•]"). 
Compartment [•] is a separate part of the Company's 
assets and liabilities. The Charged Assets (relating to 
the Notes) are exclusively available to satisfy the rights 
of the Noteholders (in accordance with the terms and 
conditions set out in these Final Terms) and the rights 
of the other Secured Creditors whose claims have 
arisen on the occasion of the creation, the operation or 
the liquidation of Compartment [•], as contemplated by 
the Articles. 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
[Tranche Number: 
[•]] 
 
(If fungible with an existing Series, 
provide 
details 
of 
that 
Series, 
including the date on which the Notes 
become fungible)]. 
 
3. 
Specified Currency: 
[•] 
4. 
Aggregate Principal Amount of Notes: 
 
 
(i) 
[Series: 
[•]] 
 
(ii) 
[Tranche: 
[•]]

--- Page 68 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 68 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Principal Amount 
6. 
(i) 
Authorised Denominations: 
[•]  
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
7. 
(i)          Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[Issue Date]/[•]/[Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
[Pass-Through] 
 
 
(Further particulars specified in the "Provisions 
Relating to Interest (if any) Payable" section below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Redemption at Redemption Amount 
 
 
 
11. 
Date of Board approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[The issue of the Notes has been authorised by the 
Board on or about [•].] (Only relevant where Board (or 
similar) authorisation is required for the particular 
Tranche of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
12. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable [annually]/[semi- 
annually]/[quarterly]/[monthly] [in arrear]/[in advance] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•]  
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[•] per principal amount of Notes equal to the 
Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[•] per principal amount of Notes equal to the 
Calculation Amount payable on the Interest Payment 
Date falling [in]/[on] [•] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360] 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
(vi) 
Interest 
Determination 
Dates: 
[As per Conditions]/[•] Business Days prior to the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period]

--- Page 69 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 69 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
13. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[As per Conditions]/[•] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Interest Determination Date: 
[As per Conditions]/[•] Business Days prior to the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period] 
 
(iv) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(v)  
Relevant Rate: 
[EURIBOR]/[LIBOR] 
 
              -  
Page: 
[Reuters][Bloomberg]/[•] 
 
(vi)  
Relevant Time: 
[•] 
 
(vii)  
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[•] 
 
(viii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
- 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[•] 
 
- 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[•] 
 
- 
Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
- 
ISDA 
Benchmarks 
Supplement: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
[+]/[-]/[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(x) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[30/360] 
 
 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
(xi) 
Specified Duration: 
[A period of time equal to the Interest Period]/[•] 
14. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
15. 
Pass-Through Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Number of Business Days 
after each Scheduled Charged 
Asset Interest Payment Date 
on which Interest Payment 
Dates under the Notes fall: 
[•]/[3 Business Days]

--- Page 70 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 70 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
 
Scheduled 
Charged 
Asset 
Interest 
Payment Dates 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates under the Notes 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
(ii)  
Pass-Through Fee Amount: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If specified as being applicable, insert amount) 
16. 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[•] 
17. 
Minimum Interest Rate: 
[•] 
18. 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention]/[Modified 
Following Business Day Convention]/[Preceding 
Business Day Convention] 
19. 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[•] 
20. 
Additional Finance Centre(s): 
[•] 
21. 
Default Interest: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
COMPARTMENT ASSETS 
22. 
Compartment Assets: 
 
 
Banca March Charged Assets: 
[First Banca March Charged Asset]/[Second Banca 
March Charged Asset] 
[The Other Banca March Charged Assets shall 
comprise [•] in principal amount of an issue of [insert 
description of the compartment assets] identified 
below: 
 
 
Issue Date:   
[•] 
 
 
ISIN:  
[•] 
 
 
Bloomberg Ticker: 
[•] 
 
 
Maturity: 
[•] 
 
 
Currency: 
[•] 
 
 
Governing Law:                [•] 
 
 
Rate of interest:      [[•] per cent. fixed rate]/[●] per cent. 
Floating Rate]] 
 
 
Regulated Market on which the [First Banca March 
Charged Asset]/[Second Banca March Charged 
Asset]/[Other Banca March Charged Asset] is  
admitted to trading: [AIAF - Mercado de Renta Fija in 
Spain]/[•]

--- Page 71 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 71 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Purchase of Banca March Charged Assets: The Issuer 
will purchase the Banca March Charged Assets on the 
Issue Date.  
23. 
Grace Period (for payment default 
under the Banca March Charged 
Assets): 
[None]/[Any grace period specified in the Banca March 
Charged Assets for the relevant payment, otherwise 
none]/[[●] [calendar days]/[Business Days] following 
the due date for the relevant payment] 
24. 
Noteholder Charged Asset Voting 
Rights: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
25. 
Forwarding of Charged Asset Notices: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
26. 
Redemption Amount of each Note: 
As per the definition of "Redemption Amount" set out 
at Condition 2 (Definitions). 
27. 
Early Redemption following Partial 
Prepayment of Charged Assets: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
28. 
Redemption for taxation and other 
reasons: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
29. 
Issuer's Redemption Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i)  
Issuer's Redemption Option 
Period: 
[•] 
(ii)  
Issuer's Redemption Option 
Date(s): 
[•] 
30. 
Redemption at Noteholder's Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Noteholder's 
Redemption 
Option Period: 
[•] 
(ii) 
Noteholder's 
Redemption 
Option Date(s): 
[•] 
31. 
Charged Asset Amortisation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Number of Business Days 
after receipt of Amortisation 
Amount on which Instalment 
Dates under the Notes fall: 
[•]/[3 Business Days]

--- Page 72 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 72 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
Scheduled 
Amortisation Amount 
Scheduled 
Amortisation Date 
Scheduled Instalment 
Date 
Instalment 
Amount 
scheduled to be due 
on a principal amount 
of Notes equal to the 
Calculation Amount  
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
 
32. 
Purchase option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
33. 
Redemption by Instalments: 
(Specify Instalment Amounts and Instalment Dates 
relating to Notes that are redeemed by instalment) 
34. 
Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[•] 
35. 
Priority Secured Creditor: 
[Noteholders]/[Insert other Secured Creditor] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
36. Form of Notes: 
 
 
Bearer or Registered: 
[1Bearer Notes: 
 
 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [•] days' notice] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
 
[Certificate other than Global Notes] 
 
 
[Global Note Certificate registered in the name of a 
nominee for [a common depository for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg] 
exchangeable 
for 
Individual 
Note 
Certificates 
in 
the 
limited 
circumstances specified in the Global Note Certificate]] 
 
1  
The exchange upon notice/at any time options should not be expressed to be applicable if the Authorised Denomination of the 
Notes includes language substantially to the following effect: "€100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in excess thereof up to 
and including €199,000". Furthermore, such Authorised Denomination construction is not permitted in relation to any issuance 
of Notes which is to be represented on issue by a Permanent Bearer Global Notes exchangeable for Definitive Notes.

--- Page 73 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 73 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
37. Coupons to be attached to Definitive 
Notes: 
 
[Yes]/[No] 
38. Talons for future Coupons or Receipts 
to be attached to Definitive Notes: 
 
[Yes]/[No] 
39. Receipts to be attached to Instalment 
Note which are Definitive Notes: 
 
[Yes]/[No] 
40. Agents  
 
(i) 
Additional Paying Agent(s): 
[Insert name and Specified Office of institution(s)] 
(ii) 
Calculation Agent: 
[Insert name and Specified Office of institution] 
41. Related Agreement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Counterparty: 
[Insert name of institution]  
[RESPONSIBILITY 
[[Insert relevant third party information] set out in paragraph 22 and paragraph 31 has been extracted 
from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and 
that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no 
facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The 
Issuer has not conducted extensive due diligence on such information or made any enquiries as to its 
own possession of non-publicly available information.]] 
 
Signed on behalf of MILUX INTERNATIONAL ISSUANCES S.A., ACTING IN RESPECT OF ITS 
COMPARTMENT [•] 
 
By: .............................................................................. 
Duly authorised

--- Page 74 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 74 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING: 
 
Listing and admission to trading: 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the 
Notes to be admitted to the Official List of Euronext 
Dublin and to trading on the Regulated Market. 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue, need to indicate 
that original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[•] 
2. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER:] 
 
[Include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement: 
 
"Save as discussed in ["Subscription and Sale"], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer."] 
 
(If no conflicts have been disclosed, delete entire Section 2. If conflicts have been discussed, 
reference should be to the section of the relevant document where such conflicts were disclosed.) 
3. 
[REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL 
EXPENSES:] 
 
(i) 
[Reasons for the offer: 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base Prospectus – if 
reasons for offer different from making profit and/or 
hedging certain risks, will need to include those reasons 
here.)] 
 
(ii) 
[Estimated net proceeds:] 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
[Estimated total expenses: 
[•] 
 
[FIXED RATE NOTES ONLY – 
YIELD INDICATION OF YIELD: 
[•] 
 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of 
the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.] 
 
[FLOATING 
RATE 
NOTES 
ONLY – HISTORIC INTEREST 
RATES 
Details of historic [LIBOR/EURIBOR] rates can be 
obtained from [Reuters].] 
4. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN Code: 
[•] 
 
Common Code: 
[•] 
 
[FISN: 
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced 
from the responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable / Not Available]] 
 
 
[CFI Code: 
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced

--- Page 75 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 75 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
from the responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable / Not Available]] 
 
 
Clearing system(s) and any relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. and Clearstream Banking, 
S.A.]  
 
 
[Specify name(s) and number(s) [and address(es)]] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against]/[free of] payment 
5. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated:  
[Not 
applicable 
/ 
give names, 
addresses 
and 
underwriting commitments] 
 
(a) 
Names 
and 
addresses of Dealer 
and 
underwriting 
commitments: 
[•] 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and 
names and addresses of the entities agreeing to place the 
issue without a firm commitment or on a "best efforts" 
basis if such entities are not the same as the Dealer.) 
 
(b) 
Date of subscription 
agreement: 
[•] 
 
(c) 
Stabilising 
Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not applicable/[•]] 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name and 
address of Dealer: 
[Not applicable/give name and address] 
 
(iv) 
Indication of the overall 
amount of the underwriting 
commission 
and 
of 
the 
placing commission: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount 
 
(v) 
US Selling Restrictions 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA C/TEFRA 
D/TEFRA not applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal 
name]][repeat as necessary]. As at the date hereof, 
[[administrator 
legal 
name][appears]/[does 
not 
appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established 
and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks)  of the Benchmarks 
Regulation]/As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date 
hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall within the 
scope of the Benchmarks Regulation]/[As far as the 
Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 
of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended apply, such 
that [name of administrator] is not currently required to 
obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located outside 
the European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence)]/[Not applicable]

--- Page 76 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 76 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
FORM OF ISSUE TERMS – ALTERNATIVE DRAWDOWN DOCUMENT 
MILUX INTERNATIONAL ISSUANCES S.A. 
(incorporated as a public limited liability company (société anonyme) under the laws of Luxembourg 
with its registered office at 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, L-2453, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, 
registered with the trade and companies register under number B215157 and subject to the 
Securitisation Act) 
(acting in respect of its Compartment [•]) (the "Issuer") 
Issue of [AGGREGATE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF TRANCHE] [TITLE OF NOTES] 
under its Secured Note Programme 
 [PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA").  For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (the "EU Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II.  Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK").  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) ) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
OPTION 1 – EU MiFID II Target market Legend for professional investors and ECPs   
[EU MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II")][EU 
MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution  of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
OPTION 2 – EU MiFID II Target market Legend for Retail investors, professional investors and 
ECPs   
[EU MiFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the

--- Page 77 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 77 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes] has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients each as 
defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II")][EU MiFID II]; EITHER [and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, 
portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for 
distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the 
following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment 
advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services - subject to the 
distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under EU MiFID II, as applicable].  Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take 
into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under EU MiFID II, as applicable.] 
END OF OPTIONS 
 
The Notes issued by the Issuer will be subject to the Conditions and also to the following terms in relation 
to the Notes. 
SERIES DETAILS 
1. 
Issuer: 
Milux International Issuances S.A. 
 
A separate compartment has been created by the Board in 
respect of the Notes ("Compartment [•]"). Compartment 
[•] is a separate part of the Company's assets and 
liabilities. The Compartment Assets (relating to the 
Notes) are exclusively available to satisfy the rights of the 
Noteholders (in accordance with the terms and conditions 
set out in these Issue Terms) and the rights of the other 
Secured Creditors whose claims have arisen on the 
occasion of the creation, the operation or the liquidation 
of Compartment [•], as contemplated by the Articles. 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•]] 
 
(If fungible with an existing Series, 
details of that Series including the 
date on which the Notes become 
fungible). 
 
3. 
Specified Currency: 
[•] 
4. 
Aggregate Principal Amount of 
Notes: 
 
 
[(i) 
Series: 
[•]] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[•]]

--- Page 78 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 78 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Principal Amount 
6. 
(i) 
Authorised Denominations: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
7. 
(i)          Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[Issue Date]/[•]/[Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month 
and year] 
9. 
Interest basis: 
[Fixed Rate] [Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
[Pass-Through] 
 
 
(Further particulars specified in the "Provisions Relating 
to Interest (if any) Payable" section below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
 
 
[Redemption at Redemption Amount] [Instalment] 
11. 
Date of Board approval for issuance 
of Notes obtained: 
[The issue of the Notes has been authorised by the Board 
on or about [•].] (Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular Tranche of 
Notes)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
12. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable [annually]/[semi-
annually]/[quarterly]/[monthly]/[in arrear]/[in advance] 
 
(ii) 
[Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[•]] (Only specify if different to the Issue Date) 
 
(iii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•]  
 
(iv) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[•] per principal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation 
Amount 
 
(v) 
Broken Amount(s) Interest: 
[•] per principal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation 
Amount payable on the Interest Payment Date falling 
[in]/[on] [•] 
 
(vi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360]/[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis] [30E/360 (ISDA)]

--- Page 79 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 79 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
 
(vii) 
Interest 
Determination 
Dates: 
As per Conditions]/[•] Business Days prior to the first day 
of the relevant Interest Period] 
13. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[As per Conditions]/[•] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date: 
As per Conditions]/[•] Business Days prior to the first day 
of the relevant Interest Period] 
 
(iv) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(v)  
Relevant Rate: 
[EURIBOR]/[LIBOR]/[•] 
 
 
-  Page: 
[Reuters][Bloomberg]/[•] 
 
(vi) 
Relevant Time: 
[•] 
 
(vii) 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[•] 
 
(viii) 
ISDA Determination:  
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
• 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[•] 
 
• 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[•] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
• 
ISDA Benchmarks 
Supplement: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
[+]/[-]/[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(x) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360]/[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis] [30E/360 (ISDA)]  
 
(xi) 
Specified Duration: 
[A time period equal to the Interest Period]/[•] 
14. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
15. 
Pass-Through Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Number of Business Days 
after 
each 
Scheduled 
Charged 
Asset 
Interest 
Payment Date on which 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates 
under the Notes fall: 
[•]/[3 Business Days] 
 
 
Scheduled Charged 
Asset 
Interest 
Payment Dates 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates 
under 
the 
Notes

--- Page 80 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 80 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
(ii) 
Pass-Through Fee Amount: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If specified as being applicable, specify method of 
calculating the Pass-Through Fee Amount) 
16. 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[•] 
17. 
Minimum Interest Rate: 
[•] 
18. 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Business Day Convention] 
19. 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[•] 
20. 
Additional Finance Centre(s): 
[•] 
21. 
Default Interest: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
COMPARTMENT ASSETS 
22. 
Charged Assets: 
 
 
Charged Assets: 
The Charged Assets shall comprise [•] in principal 
amount of an issue of [•] of [insert description of the 
compartment assets] identified below: 
 
 
Charged Assets obligor: [name, address, country of 
incorporation and nature of business of the Charged 
Assets obligor] 
 
 
Asset: 
[•] 
 
 
ISIN: 
[•] 
 
 
Maturity: 
[•] 
 
 
Currency: 
[•] 
 
 
Regulated market on which Charged Assets are admitted 
to trading: 
[•] 
 
 
Rate of interest:      [[•] per cent. fixed rate]/[●] per cent. 
Floating Rate]/[specify other variable rate]] 
23. 
Grace Period (for payment default 
under the Charged Assets): 
[None]/[Any grace period specified in the Charged 
Assets for the relevant payment, otherwise none]/[[●] 
[calendar days]/[Business Days] following the due date 
for the relevant payment] 
24. 
Noteholder Charged Asset Voting 
Rights: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
25. 
Forwarding 
of 
Charged 
Asset 
Notices: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
SECURITY 
 
26. 
Supplementary Security Documents: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 81 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 81 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
(If specified as applicable then details of the 
Supplementary Security Documents to be provided) 
27. 
Security: 
 
[Set out the Security taken pursuant to the Supplemental 
Trust Deed and/or Supplementary Security Document] 
 
28. 
Security (Priority of Payments): 
 
The Priority of Payments in respect of the Notes shall be: 
 
[Counterparty Priority A] 
 
[Pari Passu Ranking] 
 
[Noteholder Priority] 
 
[Other Priority]  
 
[Insert alternative priority of payments if not specified in 
the Principal Trust Deed] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
29. 
Redemption Amount of each Note: 
[[•] per principal amount of Notes equal to the 
Calculation Amount]/ [As per the definition of 
"Redemption Amount" set out at Condition 2 
(Definitions)] 
30. 
Early Redemption following Partial 
Prepayment of Charged Assets: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
31. 
Redemption for taxation and other 
reasons: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
32. 
Issuer's Redemption Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Issuer's Redemption Option 
Period: 
[•] 
(ii) 
Issuer's Redemption Option 
Date(s): 
[•] 
33. 
Redemption at Noteholder's Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Noteholder's 
Redemption 
Option Period: 
[•] 
(ii) 
Noteholder's 
Redemption 
Option Date(s): 
[•] 
34. 
Charged Asset Amortisation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)

--- Page 82 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 82 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
(i)  
Number of Business Days 
after receipt of Amortisation 
Amount 
on 
which 
Instalment Dates under the 
Notes fall: 
[•]/[3 Business Days] 
Scheduled 
Amortisation 
Amount 
Scheduled 
Amortisation Date 
Scheduled 
Instalment Date 
 
Instalment Amount 
scheduled to be due 
on 
a 
principal 
amount of Notes 
equal 
to 
the 
Calculation 
Amount  
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
 
35. 
Purchase option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
36. 
Redemption by Instalments: 
(Specify Instalment Amounts and Instalment Dates 
relating to Notes that are redeemed by instalment) 
37. 
Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[•] 
38. 
Priority Secured Creditor: 
[Noteholders]/[Insert other Secured Creditor] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
39. 
Status:  
[Unsubordinated, 
secured 
and 
limited 
recourse 
obligations of the Issuer]/[Insert alternative description 
of the status of the applicable Notes] 
40. 
Form of Notes: 
 
Bearer or Registered: 
 
[2Bearer Notes: 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
in the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Note] 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [•] days' notice] 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note] 
[Registered Notes: 
[Certificate other than Global Notes] 
 
2  
The exchange upon notice/at any time options should not be expressed to be applicable if the Authorised Denomination of the 
Notes includes language substantially to the following effect: "€100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in excess thereof up to 
and including €199,000". Furthermore, such Authorised Denomination construction is not permitted in relation to any issuance 
of Notes which is to be represented on issue by a Permanent Bearer Global Notes exchangeable for Definitive Notes.

--- Page 83 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 83 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
[Global Note Certificate registered in the name of a 
nominee for [a common depository for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg] exchangeable for Individual 
Note Certificates in the limited circumstances specified 
in the Global Note Certificate]] 
41. 
Coupons to be attached to Definitive 
Notes: 
 
[Yes]/[No] 
42. 
Talons for future Coupons or 
Receipts to be attached to Definitive 
Notes: 
 
[Yes]/[No] 
43. 
Receipts to be attached to Instalment 
Note which are Definitive Notes: 
 
[Yes]/[No] 
44. 
Agents 
 
(i) 
Additional Paying Agent(s): 
[Insert name and Specified Office of institution(s)] 
(ii) 
Calculation Agent: 
[Insert name and Specified Office of institution] 
45. 
Related Agreement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Counterparty: 
[Insert name of institution]  
46. 
Other terms or special conditions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(If specified as applicable specify the special conditions 
and terms or provide direction to where such special 
conditions and terms can be found in the Issue Terms) 
 
47. 
Clearing system(s) and any relevant 
identification number(s): 
 
[Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. and Clearstream Banking, 
S.A.]  
 
[Specify name(s) and number(s) [and address(es)]] 
 
48. 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against]/[free of] payment 
49. 
United States Selling Restriction: 
 
Reg S Category 2 
 
50. 
Applicable TEFRA exemption: 
[TEFRA C]/[TEFRA D]/[TEFRA Not Applicable] 
 
51. 
Listing and admission to trading: 
[The Notes will not be listed]/[Specify where the Notes 
are intended to be listed] 
(i) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading: 
[•] (Only include where the Notes are being listed) 
52. 
ISIN: 
[•] 
 
53. 
Common Code: 
[•] 
 
54. 
[FISN: 
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced

--- Page 84 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 84 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
from the responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable / Not Available]] 
 
55. 
[CFI Code: 
 
 
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced 
from the responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable / Not Available]] 
 
 
56. 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated]/[Non-syndicated] 
(i) 
Name 
and 
address 
of 
Dealer(s): 
[Specify name and address of the/each Dealer] 
 
 
57. 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal 
name]][repeat as necessary]. As at the date hereof, 
[[administrator 
legal 
name][appears]/[does 
not 
appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established 
and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks)  of the Benchmarks 
Regulation]/As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date 
hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall within the scope 
of the Benchmarks Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is 
aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended apply, such that 
[name of administrator] is not currently required to 
obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the 
European 
Union, 
recognition, 
endorsement 
or 
equivalence)]/[Not applicable]

--- Page 85 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 85 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The Issuer will use the net proceeds of an issue of a Series of Notes, subject to the provisions of the 
Securitisation Act, to purchase the Compartment Assets (identified in the relevant Issue Terms) applicable 
to such Series and/or in meeting certain expenses and fees payable in connection with the operations of 
the Issuer and the issue of any Notes.

--- Page 86 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 86 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
General 
The Company was incorporated as a société anonyme (public limited liability company) under the laws of 
Luxembourg on 23 May 2017. The Company was established as a securitisation undertaking within the 
meaning and governed by the Securitisation Act for the purpose of entering into, performing and serving 
as a vehicle for, any transactions permitted under the Securitisation Act, including, but not limited to, 
issuing asset-backed securities. The Company was originally named March International Issuances S.A. 
The Company's name was changed to Milux International Issuances S.A. on 31 December 2018. 
The Company is registered with the trade and companies register under number B215157. The registered 
office of the Company is at 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, L - 2453 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
and its telephone number is +352 26 44 91. 
Share Capital and Shareholder 
The authorised share capital and the issued share capital of the Company is EUR 30,000 divided into 300 
registered Shares (as defined in the Articles) of EUR 100 each. 
The Company has issued 300 Shares, all of which are fully paid and are held by Stichting Milux 
International Issuances. 
Business 
So long as any of the Notes remain outstanding, the Company, acting in respect of a specific Compartment 
(the "Issuer"), will be subject to the restrictions set out in Condition 6 (Restrictions) for the Notes, the 
relevant Issue Terms and the articles of association (the "Articles"). 
The preliminary expenses of the Company, acting in its capacity as Issuer, for establishing the Programme 
are payable by the Arranger. 
The corporate object of the Company is to act as acquisition and/or issuing entity in the context of 
securitisation operations governed by and under the Securitisation Act, and more specifically to enter into 
transactions by which it acquires or assumes, directly or indirectly or through another entity or synthetically, 
risks relating to receivables, other assets or liabilities of third parties or inherent to all or part of the activities 
carried out by third parties. The acquisition or assumption of such risks by the Company will be financed 
by the issuance of securities (valeurs mobilières) by itself or by another securitisation entity, the value or 
return of which depends on the risks acquired or assumed by the Company. 
Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, the Company may in particular: (i) subscribe or acquire 
in any other appropriate manner any securities or financial instruments (in the widest sense of the word) 
issued by international institutions or organisations, sovereign states, public and private companies or 
undertakings; (ii) subscribe or acquire any other participations in companies, partnerships or other 
undertakings, which do not qualify as securities or financial instruments, provided that the Company will 
not actively intervene with the management of such undertakings in which it holds a holding, directly or 
indirectly; (iii) acquire loans or other receivables which may or may not be embedded in securities; (iv) in 
the furtherance of its object, dispose of, apply or otherwise use all of its assets, securities or other financial 
instruments, and provide, within the limits of article 61(3) of the Securitisation Act, for any kind of 
guarantees and security rights, by way of mortgage, pledge, charge or other means over the assets and rights 
held by the Company; (v) in the context of its operations, enter into securities lending transactions and repo, 
pledge or any agreements of a similar kind; (vi) enter into and perform derivatives transactions (including, 
but not limited to, swaps, futures, forwards and options) and any similar transactions; (vii) issue any notes, 
bonds, certificates, warrants, and generally securities and financial instruments howsoever described the 
return or value of which shall depend on the risks acquired or assumed by the Company; (viii) borrow in 
any form whatsoever and, in particular, enter into loan agreements as borrower within the scope of the 
Securitisation Act, to comply with any payment or other obligation it has under any of its securities or any 
agreement entered into within the context of its activities and insofar as it seems to be useful and necessary 
within the context of the transaction; and (ix) grant loans in any form whatsoever and within the limits of 
the Securitisation Act.

--- Page 87 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 87 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
The Board will create one or more Compartments (representing the assets of the Company relating to the 
relevant Series of Notes), in each case corresponding to a separate part of the Company's estate. 
The descriptions above are to be understood in their broadest sense and their enumeration is not limiting. 
The corporate object of the Company shall include any transaction or agreement which is entered into by 
the Company, provided it is not inconsistent with the foregoing enumerated objects. 
The Company may take any measure to safeguard its rights and make any transactions whatsoever which 
are directly or indirectly connected with or useful for its purposes and which are able to promote their 
accomplishment or development of its corporate object to the largest extent permitted under the 
Securitisation Act. 
Assets and Liabilities 
The Company has, and will have, no assets other than the sum of EUR 30,000 representing the issued and 
paid-up share capital, such fees (as agreed) per issue payable to it in connection with the issue of Notes or 
the purchase, sale or incurring of other obligations and any Charged Assets. 
Save in respect of the fees paid to it in connection with each issue of Notes, any related profits and the 
proceeds of any deposits and investments made from such expenses or from amounts representing the 
Company's issued and paid-up share capital and share premium, the Company will not accumulate any 
surpluses. 
Management and Supervisory Bodies 
The directors of the Company are as follows: 
Director 
Principal outside activities 
Business Address 
Mr. Claudio Chirco  
 
Business Unit Manager Legal 
& Corporate Services at 
Intertrust (Luxembourg) S.à 
r.l. 
6, rue Eugène Ruppert, L - 2453 Luxembourg, 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
 
Mrs. Bianca Mundo 
 
 
Manager Legal & Corporate 
Services at Intertrust 
(Luxembourg) S.à r.l. 
 
6, rue Eugène Ruppert, L - 2453 Luxembourg, 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
 
Mrs. Sylvia Vanholst 
 
Manager Legal & Corporate 
Services at  Intertrust 
(Luxembourg) S.à r.l. 
6, rue Eugène Ruppert, L - 2453 Luxembourg, 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
 
No corporate governance regime to which the Company would be subject exists in Luxembourg as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus. 
Corporate Services Provider 
Intertrust (Luxembourg) S.à r.l, a société à responsabilité limitée (private limited liability company) having 
its registered office at 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, L - 2453 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and 
registered with the trade and companies register under number B103123, acts as the corporate services 
provider of the Company and has a share capital of EUR 1,823,000.00 (the "Corporate Services 
Provider"). 
The office of the Corporate Services Provider will serve as the registered office of the Company which is 
located at 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, L - 2453 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. 
Pursuant to the terms of the corporate services agreement dated 23 May 2017 and entered into between the 
Corporate Services Provider, the Company and Banca March, S.A., the Corporate Services Provider will 
perform in Luxembourg certain administrative, accounting and related services. In consideration of the 
foregoing, the Corporate Services Provider will receive various fees payable to it by the Company at rates 
agreed upon from time to time. 
The appointment of the Corporate Services Provider may be terminated by the Company or by the 
Corporate Services Provider at the end of any calendar month by giving three months' prior written notice.

--- Page 88 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 88 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
Financial Statements 
The financial year of the Company begins on the first day of January of each year and ends on the final day 
of December of the same year. 
In accordance with the Luxembourg law on commercial companies dated 10 August 1915, the Company is 
obliged to publish its annual accounts on an annual basis following approval of the annual accounts by the 
annual general meeting of its shareholders. 
Approved Statutory Auditors 
The approved statutory auditors (réviseurs d'entreprises agréés) of the Company, whose appointment has 
been approved by a resolution of the Board dated on or about 16 June 2017, are KPMG Luxembourg whose 
address is 39, avenue John F. Kennedy L - 1855 Luxembourg Trade register number B149133 and who 
belong to the Luxembourg institute of auditors (Instituts des réviseurs d'entreprises). 
According to the Securitisation Act, they shall inform the Board of any irregularities and inaccuracies which 
they detect during the performance of their duties. 
Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier ("CSSF") authorisation 
The Issuer has not been authorised by the CSSF pursuant to chapter 2 of the Luxembourg Securitisation 
Act and does not intend to seek such authorisation. The Issuer is therefore not allowed to issue securities to 
the public on a continuous basis within the meaning of the Luxembourg Securitisation Act and the 
Luxembourg regulatory practice.

--- Page 89 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 89 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF BANCA MARCH, S.A. 
The information set out below has been obtained from Banca March, S.A. Such information has been 
accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information published 
by Banca March, S.A. no facts  have been omitted that would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading. 
General 
Banca March, S.A. ("Banca March") is a Spanish bank, registered with the Banco de España (number 061), 
and whose registered address is at Avenue Alejandro Rosselló, 8, Palma de Mallorca, Spain. Its tax 
identification number is A-07004021. Banca March is a family bank, is not listed, and performs both 
traditional banking activities and investment banking and asset management activities. 
Share Capital and Shareholder 
At 31 December 2019, the share capital of Banca March consists of 971,951 registered shares with a par 
value of €30 each, fully subscribed and paid-up. Such shares are not listed on a stock exchange and all of 
shares have the same rights attached. 
The share capital of Banca March is owned by members of the same family. Banca March is controlled by 
Juan, José Carlos, Gloria and Leonor March Delgado, who together own 100% of Banca March's share 
capital. None of the shareholders exercises individual control be it via share ownership or by any kind of 
agreement. 
Business 
The Banca March group (the "Group") is structured around its two main business lines: (i) banking, which 
is complemented by insurance and asset management activity; and (ii) investment, which focuses on 
investing in industrial holdings.  
Banca March S.A., the parent company, has been undertaking the Group’s banking activity since 1926. Its 
business model, which is geared towards family businesses and entrepreneurs as well as high net worth 
individuals, is implemented through the following different specialist units: wealth management, private 
banking, retail banking and corporate banking. 
The Group's insurance operations are delivered through March JLT Correduría de Seguros, S.A. and March 
Vida, S.A. de Seguros y Reaseguros.  
The Group's asset management business is carried out by March Asset Management, S.G.I.I.C., S.A., March 
Gestión de Pensiones, S.G.F.P., S.A. and Artá Capital S.G.E.C.R., S.A. Whereas the Group's investments 
in industrial holdings is undertaken by Corporación Financiera Alba, S.A. 
Banca March, S.A. also owns 100% of Banco Inversis, S.A. This is a Spanish financial company which 
specialises in investment services related to the execution, custody and settlement of securities (including 
investment funds); depository and administration services for investment and pension funds; and the 
distribution of the main international asset management houses’ products via its fund platform. 
Conflicts of Interest 
Banca March and/or any of its affiliates (collectively, "BM") may act in a number of capacities in 
connection with any issue of Notes. BM shall have only the duties and responsibilities expressly agreed to 
by the relevant entity in the relevant capacity and shall not, by virtue of its or any affiliate acting in any 
other capacity, be deemed to have other duties or responsibilities or be deemed to hold a standard of care 
other than as may be expressly provided with respect to the relevant capacity. BM may enter into business 
dealings relating to the Notes or the Charged Assets or any asset to which the Notes or Charged Assets are 
exposed, including the acquisition of the Notes, from which the relevant entity may derive revenues and 
profits in addition to any fees stated in the various documents, without any duty to account therefor. 
BM may from time to time be in possession of certain information (confidential or otherwise) and/or 
opinions with regard to the issuer or obligor of any Charged Assets which information and/or opinions 
might, if known by a Noteholder, affect decisions made by it with respect to its investment in the Notes.

--- Page 90 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 90 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
Notwithstanding this, BM shall not have any duty or obligation to notify the Noteholders or the Issuer or 
any other transaction parties (including any directors, officers or employees thereof) of such information 
and/or opinions. 
BM may deal in any obligation of the issuer or obligor of any Charged Assets and may accept deposits 
from, make loans or otherwise extend credit to, and generally engage in any kind of commercial or 
investment banking or other business transactions with, the issuer or obligor of any Charged Assets and 
may act without regard to whether any such action might have an adverse effect on the issuer or obligor of 
any Charged Assets, the Issuer or the holders of the Notes of the relevant Series. 
BM may at any time be active and significant participants in or act as market-maker in relation to a wide 
range of markets for currencies, instruments relating to currencies, securities and derivatives. Activities 
undertaken by BM may be on such a scale as to affect, temporarily or on a long-term basis, the price of 
such currencies, instruments relating to currencies, securities and derivatives or securities and derivatives 
based on, or relating to, the Notes or any Charged Assets which may affect their value. Notwithstanding 
this, BM shall not have any duty or obligation to take into account the interests of any party in relation to 
any Notes when effecting transactions in such markets.

--- Page 91 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 91 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
BANCA MARCH CHARGED ASSETS 
The information set out below has been obtained from Banca March, S.A. Such information has been 
accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information published 
by Banca March, S.A. no facts have been omitted that would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading. 
Notes to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market may only be issued under 
this Base Prospectus by way of Final Terms for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation where the 
Charged Assets are: 
1. 
The Charged Asset with the characteristics listed below, being the "First Banca March Charged 
Asset": 
Issuer of Charged Assets: 
Banca March, S.A. (as described under the section of this 
Base Prospectus headed "Description of Banca March, S.A.") 
Issue Date: 
1 November 2017 
Maturity Date: 
2 November 2021 
ISIN: 
ES0313040034 
Bloomberg Ticker: 
BANCA 
Nominal Amount: 
200,000,000 
Currency: 
EUR 
Governing Law: 
 
Spanish 
Exchange  
AIAF Mercado de Renta Fija 
2. 
The Charged Asset with the characteristics listed below, being the "Second Banca March 
Charged Asset": 
Issuer of Charged Assets: 
Banca March, S.A. (as described under the section of this Base 
Prospectus headed "Description of Banca March, S.A.") 
Issue Date: 
12 April 2019 
Maturity Date: 
13 April 2026 
ISIN: 
ES0413040066 
Bloomberg Ticker: 
BANCA 
Nominal Amount: 
100,000,000 
Currency: 
EUR 
Governing Law: 
 
Spanish 
Exchange  
AIAF Mercado de Renta Fija 
3. 
Such other debt issued by Banca March, S.A. which is listed or admitted to trading on a regulated 
market for the purpose of EU MiFID II ("Other Banca March Charged Assets", which, together 
with the First Banca March Charged Asset and the Second Banca March Charged Asset, shall be 
the "Banca March Charged Assets". 
In all other cases, the Charged Assets in respect of a Series of Notes will be as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms.

--- Page 92 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 92 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
No investigations, searches or other enquiries will be made by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Trustee in 
respect of the Charged Assets or the issuers and obligors of the Charged Assets. 
None of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Trustee, the Dealer(s) or the Agents makes any representation or 
warranty, express or implied, in respect of any: 
(i) 
Charged Assets or in respect of any information contained in any documents prepared, provided 
or filed in respect of such Charged Assets with any exchange, governmental, supervisory or self-
regulatory authority or any other person; or 
(ii) 
issuer or obligor of any Charged Assets or in respect of any information contained in any 
documents prepared, provided or filed by or on behalf of such issuer or obligor with any exchange, 
governmental, supervisory or self-regulatory authority or any other person. 
None of the Arranger, the Trustee, the Dealer(s) or the Agents makes any representation or warranty, 
express or implied, in respect of the Issuer or in respect of any information contained in any documents 
prepared, provided or filed by or on behalf of the Issuer. 
None of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Trustee, the Dealer(s) or any of the other transaction parties assumes 
any responsibility for conducting or failing to conduct any investigation into the business, financial 
condition, prospects, creditworthiness, status and/or affairs of any issuer or obligor of any Charged Assets.

--- Page 93 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 93 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
TAXATION 
The tax laws of the investor's jurisdiction and of the Issuer's jurisdiction of incorporation might have an 
impact on the income received from the securities. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their 
own tax advisers as to which countries' tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of 
Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the 
consequences of such actions under the laws of those countries.  
The following is a general description of certain Luxembourg, Irish, European and United States of America 
tax considerations relating to the Notes.  It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax 
considerations relating to the Notes, whether in those countries or elsewhere.  Prospective purchasers of 
Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries' tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, 
holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under 
the Notes and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries.  This summary is 
based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that 
may take effect after such date. 
Luxembourg Taxation 
The following is a general description of certain Luxembourg tax considerations relating to the Notes. It 
specifically contains information on taxes on the income from the Notes withheld at source and provides 
an indication as to whether the Issuer assumes responsibility for the withholding of taxes at source. It does 
not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, whether in Luxembourg 
or elsewhere.  
This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus. The information 
contained within this section is limited to certain Luxembourg taxation issues, and prospective investors 
should not apply any information set out below to other areas, including (but not limited to) the legality of 
transactions involving the Notes. 
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisers as to the tax consequences of 
the purchase, ownership and disposition of the Notes on the basis of this Base Prospectus, including the 
effect of any state or local taxes, under the tax laws of Luxembourg and each country of which they are 
residents. 
Income Taxation 
The Issuer is a fully taxable company and any profit realised by the Issuer is subject to corporate income 
tax and municipal business tax in Luxembourg. Under the Securitisation Act, all payments made by the 
Issuer to investors, or commitment to make such payments, should be fully tax deductible to the extent that 
(i) these payments are formally approved and properly documented and (ii) the conditions to benefit from 
the securitisation regime are met. 
However, according to the Luxembourg law dated 21 December 2018 (the "ATAD I Law") transposing 
Directive (EU) 2016/1164 (the "ATAD I") into Luxembourg legislation, the tax deduction of interest 
payments made by the Issuer may be denied if (i) the Issuer has exceeding borrowings costs (i.e. tax-
deductible borrowing costs that are in excess of the taxable interest income and other economically 
equivalent taxable income of the Issuer) and (ii) such exceeding borrowing costs are higher than (a) 30 % 
of the Issuer’s adjusted earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation and (b) EUR 3 million.  
Based on the current wording of the ATAD I Law, this restriction would however not apply if the Issuer is 
not part of a consolidated group for financial accounting purposes and has no associated enterprise or 
permanent establishment outside of Luxembourg.  
Furthermore, the tax deductions of payments made by the Issuer may also be denied if (i) such payments 
are not included in the taxable base of the ultimate recipient/beneficiary as a result of a hybrid mismatch 
and (ii) (a) the ultimate recipient/beneficiary of the payment and the Issuer are associated enterprises or (b) 
the ultimate recipient/beneficiary and the Issuer have concluded a structured arrangement which entails this 
hybrid mismatch. While this rule only targeted hybrid mismatches within the EU until 2019, the anti-hybrid 
rule has been expanded to (a) non-EU hybrid mismatches and (b) more sophisticated hybrid mismatches as 
from fiscal year 2020, as a result of the transposition into Luxembourg law of Council Directive (EU) 
2017/952 of 29 May 2017 which amended the ATAD I as regards hybrid mismatches with third countries.

--- Page 94 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 94 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
Withholding Tax 
All payments of interest and principal by the Issuer under the Notes can be made free and clear of any 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld, or 
assessed by Luxembourg or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, in accordance 
with the applicable Luxembourg law, subject, however, to the application as regards Luxembourg resident 
individuals of the amended Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005 (the "Law") which provides for a 20 
per cent. withholding tax on savings income.  Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of income tax 
if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth. 
Responsibility for the withholding of tax in application of the abovementioned Law is assumed by the 
Luxembourg paying agent within the meaning of this Law and not by the Issuer. 
In addition, pursuant to the Law as amended, Luxembourg resident individuals can opt to self-declare and 
pay a 20 per cent. tax on interest payments made by paying agents located in a Member State of the 
European Union other than Luxembourg or a Member State of the European Economic Area. 
The 20 per cent. tax as described above is final when Luxembourg resident individuals are acting in the 
context of the management of their private wealth. 
Taxes on Income and Capital Gains 
Noteholders who derive income from such Notes or who realise a gain on the disposal or redemption thereof 
will not be subject to Luxembourg taxation on such income or capital gains, subject to the application of 
the Law referred to above, and unless: 
(a) 
such Noteholders are, or are deemed to be, resident in Luxembourg for Luxembourg tax purposes 
(or for the purposes of the relevant provisions); or 
(b) 
such income or gain is attributable to an enterprise or part thereof which is carried on through a 
permanent establishment, a permanent representative or a fixed base of business in Luxembourg. 
Net Wealth Tax 
A corporate Noteholder, whether it is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes or, if not, it maintains a 
permanent establishment or a permanent representative in Luxembourg to whom such Notes are attributable, 
is subject to Luxembourg wealth tax on these Notes, except if the Noteholder is governed by (i) the law of 
11 May 2007 on family estate management companies, as amended, or (ii) by the law of 17 December 2010 
on undertakings for collective investment, as amended, or (iii) by the law of 13 February 2007 on 
specialised investment funds, as amended, or is (iv) a securitisation company governed by the law of 22 
March 2004 on securitisation, as amended, or is (v) a capital company governed by the law of 15 June 2004 
on venture capital vehicles, as amended, or is (vi) a reserved alternative investment funds, within the 
meaning of the law of 23 July 2016. 
However, please note that securitisation companies governed by the law of 22 March 2004 on securitisation, 
as amended, or capital companies governed by the law of 15 June 2004 on venture capital vehicles, as 
amended, or reserved alternative investment funds governed by the law of 23 July 2016 and which fall 
under the special tax regime set out under article 48 thereof, are subject to minimum net wealth tax. 
A minimum net wealth tax is levied on companies having their statutory seat or central administration in 
Luxembourg. For entities for which the sum of fixed financial assets, receivables against related companies, 
transferable securities and cash at bank exceeds 90% of their total gross assets and EUR 350,000, the 
minimum net wealth tax is currently set at EUR 4,815. For all other companies having their statutory seat 
or central administration in Luxembourg, which do not fall within the scope of the EUR 4,815 minimum 
net wealth tax, the minimum net wealth tax ranges from EUR 535 to EUR 32,100, depending on the 
company's total gross assets. 
An individual Noteholder, whether he/she is a resident of Luxembourg or not, is not subject to Luxembourg 
wealth tax on such Notes.

--- Page 95 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 95 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
Inheritance and Gift Tax 
Where the Notes are transferred for no consideration: 
(a) 
no Luxembourg inheritance tax is levied on the transfer of the Notes upon the death of a Noteholder 
in cases where the deceased Noteholder was not a resident of Luxembourg for inheritance tax 
purposes; or 
(b) 
Luxembourg gift tax will be levied in the event that the gift is made pursuant to a notarial deed 
signed before a Luxembourg notary or is registered in Luxembourg. 
Value Added Tax 
There is no Luxembourg value added tax payable in respect of payments in consideration for the issue of 
the Notes or in respect of the payment of interest or principal under the Notes or the transfer of a Note. 
Luxembourg value added tax may, however, be payable in respect of fees invoiced for services rendered to 
the Issuer, if, for Luxembourg value added tax purposes, such services are rendered, or are deemed to be 
rendered, in Luxembourg and an exemption from value added tax does not apply with respect to such 
services. 
Other Taxes and Duties 
It is not compulsory that the Notes be filed, recorded or enrolled with any court or other authority in 
Luxembourg or that registration tax, transfer tax, capital tax, stamp duty or any other similar tax or duty 
(other than court fees and contributions for the registration with the Chamber of Commerce) be paid in 
respect of or in connection with the execution, delivery and/or enforcement by legal proceedings (including 
any foreign judgment in the courts of Luxembourg) of the Notes. In case of voluntary registration of the 
Notes, the statutory fixed registration duty will be levied (as at the date of this Base Prospectus equal to 
EUR 12 (in words: twelve Euro)). 
Residence  
A Noteholder will not become resident, or deemed to be resident, in Luxembourg by reason only of the 
holding of such Note or the execution, performance, delivery and/or enforcement of that or any other Note. 
Common Reporting Standard 
The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development has developed a global standard for the 
annual automatic exchange of financial information between tax authorities (the "CRS"). The CRS has 
been implemented into Luxembourg domestic law via the law dated 18 December 2015 concerning the 
automatic exchange of information on financial accounts and tax matters and implementing the EU 
Directive 2014/107/EU. The regulation may impose obligations on the Issuer and its Noteholders, if the 
Issuer is actually regarded as a reporting financial institution under the CRS, so that the latter could be 
required to conduct due diligence and obtain (among other things) confirmation of tax residency (through 
the issuance of self-certifications forms by the Noteholders), the tax identification number and CRS 
classification of the Noteholders in order to fulfil its own legal obligations. 
Prospective investors should contact their own tax advisers regarding the application of CRS to their 
particular circumstances. 
The proposed financial transactions tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's proposal") for 
a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (each, a "participating Member State"). However, Estonia has since 
stated that it will not participate and on 16 March 2016 it completed the formalities required to leave the 
enhanced co-operation on FTT. 
The Commission's proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances.

--- Page 96 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 96 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
Under the Commission's proposal, FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where 
at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member 
State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in 
a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating 
Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a 
participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
FATCA 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
"foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes ("foreign passthru 
payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The Issuer 
may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including the Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements 
with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in 
their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an 
IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that 
it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the 
Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect 
to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the publication 
of the final regulations defining "foreign passthru payment". Noteholders should consult their own tax 
advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event that any 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no 
person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 97 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 97 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to Banca March, S.A. and any other entity appointed as 
Dealer pursuant to the Dealer Agreement (as defined below) (the "Dealer"). The arrangements under which 
Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and subscribed by, the Dealer are set out 
in an amended and restated Dealer Agreement dated as of 19 March 2021 (the "Dealer Agreement") and 
made between the Issuer and the Dealer. If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution 
is an agreement between the Issuer and a single Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and 
subscribed by that Dealer, the method of distribution will be described in the relevant Issue Terms as "Non-
syndicated" and the name of that Dealer and any other interest of that Dealer which is material to the issue 
of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of that Dealer will be set out in the relevant Issue Terms. 
If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer and 
more than one Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by those Dealers, the 
method of distribution will be described in the relevant Issue Terms as "Syndicated", the obligations of 
those Dealers to subscribe the relevant Notes will be joint and several and the names and addresses of those 
Dealers and any other interests of any of those Dealers which are material to the issue of that Tranche 
beyond the fact of the appointment of those Dealers will be set out in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant 
Notes, the price at which such Notes will be subscribed by the Dealer(s) and the commissions or other 
agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such subscription. The Dealer 
Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for 
the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation 
to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
United States of America: Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D or TEFRA C as specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms or neither if TEFRA is specified as not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act or with any securities 
regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered, sold or 
(in the case of Bearer Notes) delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons (as defined in Regulation S) except in certain transactions exempt from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. 
The Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States 
Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
The Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver 
Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the 
distribution compliance period relating thereto, a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions 
on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any 
offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms (or Alternative Drawdown Document, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes 
includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Dealer has represented, 
warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, 
warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by an 
Alternative Drawdown Document) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area.  
For the purposes of this provision the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of 
the following:

--- Page 98 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 98 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU 
MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "EU Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II.  
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the EU Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes does not include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, the Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto (or are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by an Alternative Drawdown Document, as the case may be) to 
the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member 
State:  
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the 
EU Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than 
qualified investors as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation. 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes and the expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors:  If the Final Terms (or Alternative Drawdown Document, as 
the case may be) in respect of any Notes incudes the legend "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", 
the Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by an Alternative Drawdown Document, as the case may be) to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(EUWA); 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or

--- Page 99 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 99 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
If the Final Terms (or Alternative Drawdown Document, as the case may be) in respect of any 
Notes does not include the legend "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or 
Alternative Drawdown Document) in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except 
that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining 
the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for 
any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in [(A) to (C)] above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to 
any Notes means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase 
or subscribe for the Notes and the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and:  
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of 
the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion:  it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the 
Issuer; and

--- Page 100 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 100 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the 
United Kingdom. 
General 
The Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it has complied and will comply with all applicable 
laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers 
Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Issue Terms or any related offering 
material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Issue 
Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealer to comply with all applicable laws and regulations 
in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, 
distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Issue Terms or any related offering material, in all cases 
at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealer shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to any 
specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealer described in the paragraph headed 
"General" above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such 
supplement or modification may be set out in the relevant Issue Terms (in the case of a supplement or 
modification relevant only to a particular Tranche of Notes) or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 101 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 101 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
Regulation S Notes 
Each purchaser of Bearer Notes outside the United States pursuant to Regulation S and each subsequent 
purchaser of such Notes in resales prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period, by accepting 
delivery of this Base Prospectus and the Notes, will be deemed to have represented, agreed and 
acknowledged that: 
(i) 
it is, or at the time the Notes are purchased will be, the beneficial owner of such Notes and: 
(a) 
it is not a U.S. person and it is located outside the United States (within the meaning of 
Regulation S); and 
(b) 
it is not an affiliate of the Issuer or a person acting on behalf of such an affiliate; 
(ii) 
it understands that such Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act 
and that, prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S), 
it will not offer, sell, pledge or otherwise transfer such Notes except: 
(a) 
in an offshore transaction in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S; or 
(b) 
to the Issuer, 
in each case in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United States; 
and 
(iii) 
it understands that the Issuer, the Trustee, the Registrar, the Dealer and their affiliates, and others 
will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and 
agreements. 
U.S. Risk Retention 
Section 941 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act ("Dodd-Frank Act") 
inserted a new Section 15G into the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act") 
that generally requires the "securitizer" of a "securitization transaction" to retain at least 5 per cent. of the 
"credit risk" of "securitized assets", as such terms are defined for the purposes of that statute, and generally 
prohibit a securitizer from directly or indirectly eliminating or reducing its credit exposure by hedging or 
otherwise transferring the credit risk that the securitizer is required to retain.  The final rules promulgated 
under section 15G of the Exchange Act (the "U.S. Risk Retention Rules") came into effect on 24 December 
2016 with respect to all classes of asset-backed securitizations.  The U.S. Risk Retention Rules provide that 
the securitizer of an asset backed securitization is its sponsor.  
No sponsor of the Issuer intends to retain at least 5 per cent. of the credit risk of the securitized assets for 
purposes of compliance with the U.S. Risk Retention Rules, and therefore the Notes will be offered and 
sold in a transaction that complies with the exemption for certain foreign transactions set out in section 20 
of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules.  To comply with the terms of the exemption, Notes will not be offered or 
sold for the account of any "U.S. Person", as defined in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules (a "U.S. Risk 
Retention Person").  Prospective investors should note that the definition of U.S. person in the U.S. Risk 
Retention Rules is not the same as the definition of U.S. person under Regulation S.  Investors that are not 
"U.S persons" under Regulation S may be U.S. persons under the U.S. Risk Retention Rules.   
The definition of U.S. person in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules is excerpted in relevant part below.  
Particular attention should be paid to clause (h)(i), which is materially different from the corresponding 
provision of Regulation S. 
Under the U.S. Risk Retention Rules, and subject to limited exceptions, "U.S. person" means any of the 
following: 
(a) any natural person resident in the United States;

--- Page 102 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 102 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
(b) any partnership, corporation, limited liability company, or other organisation or entity organised 
or incorporated under the laws of any State or of the United States3; 
(c) any estate of which any executor or administrator is a U.S. person (as defined under any other 
clause of this definition); 
(d) any trust of which any trustee is a U.S. person (as defined under any other clause of this definition); 
(e) any agency or branch of a foreign entity located in the United States; 
(f) any non-discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a dealer or 
other fiduciary for the benefit or account of a U.S. person (as defined under any other clause of 
this definition); 
(g) any discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a dealer or other 
fiduciary organised, incorporated, or (if an individual) resident in the United States; and 
(h) any partnership, corporation, limited liability company, or other organisation or entity if: 
(i.) organised or incorporated under the laws of any foreign jurisdiction; and 
(ii.) formed by a U.S. person (as defined under any other clause of this definition) 
principally for the purpose of investing in securities not registered under the 
Securities Act4. 
Each purchaser of Notes, by accepting delivery of this Base Prospectus and the Notes, will be deemed to 
have represented, agreed and acknowledged that: 
(i) 
it is, or at the time Notes are purchased will be, the beneficial owner of such Notes and: 
(a) 
it is not a U.S. Risk Retention Person;  
(b) 
is acquiring such Notes or a beneficial interest therein for its own account and not with a 
view to distribute such Notes; 
(c) 
is not acquiring the Notes or a beneficial interest therein as part of a scheme to evade the 
requirements of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules; and 
(ii) 
it understands that the Arranger, the Issuer, the Trustee, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the 
Dealer and their affiliates, and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements. 
 
3  
The comparable provision from Regulation S is "(ii) any partnership or corporation organised or incorporated under the laws of 
the United States." 
4  
The comparable provision from Regulation S "(vii)(B) formed by a U.S. person principally for the purpose of investing in 
securities not registered under the Securities Act, unless it is organised or incorporated, and owned, by accredited investors (as 
defined in 17 CFR 230.501(a)) who are not natural persons, estates or trusts."

--- Page 103 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 103 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain benchmarks. 
Details of the administrators of such benchmarks, including details of whether or not, as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, each such administrator's name appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation (the "ESMA 
Benchmarks Register") are set out below. 
Benchmark 
Administrator 
Administrator 
appears 
on 
ESMA Benchmarks Register? 
LIBOR 
ICE Benchmark Administration 
Limited 
 
Yes 
EURIBOR 
European 
Money 
Markets 
Institute 
Yes.

--- Page 104 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 104 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
1. 
The update of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the board of directors of the Issuer 
passed on or about 19 March 2021 The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all 
necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of 
the Notes. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
2. 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which 
are pending or threatened, of which the Issuer is aware), which may have, or have had during the 
12 months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position or 
profitability of the Issuer. 
Significant/Material Change 
3. 
There has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer since 
31 December 2019.  
Auditors 
4. 
The audited, non-consolidated financial statements of the Issuer have been audited without 
qualification for the years ended 2018, and 2019 by KPMG Luxembourg, chartered accountants of 
39, avenue John F. Kennedy, L - 1855 Luxembourg with trade register number B149133, who have 
given, and have not withdrawn, their consent to the inclusion of their report in this Base Prospectus 
in the form and context in which it is included. 
Listing Agent 
5. 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer 
in relation to the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List of 
Euronext Dublin or to trading on the Regulated Market for the purposes of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Documents on Display 
6. 
Physical copies of the following documents may be inspected during normal business hours at the 
offices of the Issuer at 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, L - 2453 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg  
or at https://www.bancamarch.es/en/lega-advice/ for the life of this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the constitutive documents of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the audited, non-consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the year ending on 31 
December 2018; 
(c) 
the audited, non-consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the year ending on 31 
December 2019; 
(d) 
the Principal Trust Deed (which contains the forms of Notes in global and definitive form) 
and Supplemental Trust Deed for each Series of Notes; 
(e) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(f) 
the Dealer Agreement; and 
(g) 
the Custody Agreement. 
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, 
information contained on the above website does not specifically form part of this Base Prospectus and has 
not been scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland.

--- Page 105 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 105 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
This Base Prospectus will be available, in electronic format, on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(www.ise.ie). 
Material Contracts 
7. 
The Issuer has not entered into contracts outside the ordinary course of its business, which could 
result in the Issuer being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Issuer's ability to 
meet its obligation to Noteholders in respect of the Notes being issued. 
Clearing of the Notes 
8. 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
appropriate common code and/or the International Securities Identification Number in relation to 
the Notes of each Tranche will be specified in the relevant Issue Terms. The relevant Issue Terms 
shall specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Notes for clearance 
together with any further appropriate information. 
Passporting 
9. 
The Issuer may, after the date of this Base Prospectus, make applications for one or more further 
certificates of approval under Article 25 of the EU Prospectus Regulation to be issued by the 
Central Bank of Ireland to the competent authority in any Member State. 
Home Member State 
10. 
No Notes may be issued under the Programme which (a) have a minimum denomination of less 
than EUR1,000 (or nearly equivalent in another currency), or (b) carry the right to acquire shares 
(or transferable securities equivalent to shares) issued by the Issuer or by any entity to whose group 
the Issuer belongs. Subject thereto, Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or 
central bank requirements. 
Notes Having a Maturity of Less Than One Year 
11. 
Where Notes have a maturity of less than one year and either (a) the issue proceeds are received 
by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or (b) the activity of issuing the Notes is carried on from an 
establishment maintained by the Issuer in the United Kingdom, such Notes must: (i) have a 
minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and be issued only 
to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to 
expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes 
of their businesses; or (ii) be issued in other circumstances which do not constitute a contravention 
of section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer. 
Issue Price and Yield 
12. 
Notes may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in 
accordance with prevailing market conditions and the issue price of the relevant Notes or the 
method of determining the price and the process for its disclosure will be set out in the applicable 
Issue Terms. In the case of different Tranches of a Series of Notes, the issue price may include 
accrued interest in respect of the period from the interest commencement date of the relevant 
Tranche (which may be the issue date of the first Tranche of the Series or, if interest payment dates 
have already passed, the most recent interest payment date in respect of the Series) to the issue date 
of the relevant Tranche. 
The yield of each Tranche of Notes set out in the applicable Issue Terms will be calculated as of 
the relevant issue date on an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price. It is not an 
indication of future yield.

--- Page 106 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 106 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
Language in the Base Prospectus 
13. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms 
have been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be 
ascribed to them under applicable law. 
Post-Issuance Information 
14. 
Save as set out in the applicable Final Terms or Alternative Drawdown Document, the Issuer will 
not provide any post-issuance information in relation to the Charged Assets.  In such an event, 
investors will not be entitled to obtain such information from the Issuer. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
15. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 635400MACPEX4BX5SU65. 
Validity of prospectus and prospectus supplements 
16. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligations to supplement the Base Prospectus 
after the end of its 12-month validity period.

--- Page 107 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 107 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
Accountholder ................................................ 26 
Additional Business Centre ............................ 31 
Additional Financial Centre(s) ....................... 31 
Agency Agreement ......................................... 29 
Alternative Drawdown Document .................. 32 
Amortisation Yield ......................................... 45 
Amortised Face Amount................................. 49 
Articles ........................................................... 86 
ATAD I .......................................................... 93 
ATAD I Law .................................................. 93 
Authorised Denomination .............................. 30 
Banca March Charged Assets ................... 32, 91 
Base Prospectus .................................. 32, 65, 67 
Bearer Notes ............................................. 24, 30 
Bloomberg ...................................................... 35 
BM .................................................................. 89 
business day .................................................... 55 
Business Day .................................................. 32 
Calculation Agent ........................................... 29 
Calculation Period .......................................... 32 
Charged Assets ............................................... 40 
Charged Rights ............................................... 40 
Clearing System Business Day ....................... 27 
Clearstream, Luxembourg .............................. 24 
Commission's proposal ................................... 95 
Compartment .................................. 8, 31, 67, 77 
Compartment Assets ................................... 9, 40 
Conditions ................................................ 29, 67 
Corporate Services Provider ........................... 87 
Counterparty ................................................... 40 
Couponholders................................................ 30 
Coupons .......................................................... 30 
CRS ................................................................ 95 
Custodian ........................................................ 29 
Custody Agreement ........................................ 29 
Day Count Fraction ........................................ 32 
Dealer ............................................................. 97 
Dealer Agreement ........................................... 97 
Default Interest Rate ....................................... 34 
Definitive Notes ............................................. 24 
Dispute ........................................................... 63 
distributor ......................................................... v 
Enforcement Notice ........................................ 57 
ESMA Benchmarks Register ........................ 103 
EU MiFID II ................................................... 34 
EU Prospectus Regulation .............................. 34 
EUR ................................................................. vi 
euro ............................................................ vi, 34 
Euroclear ........................................................ 24 
Euronext Dublin ............................................. 14 
Event of Default ............................................. 57 
Extraordinary Expenses .................................. 63 
Extraordinary Resolution................................ 34 
FATCA ........................................................... 34 
FATCA withholding ....................................... 57 
Final Terms .............................................. 34, 65 
First Banca March Charged Asset................... 34 
foreign passthru payments .............................. 96 
FTT ................................................................. 95 
Further Tranche ............................................... 31 
Global Note ..................................................... 24 
Global Note Certificate ................................... 25 
Grace Period ................................................... 35 
Holder ............................................................. 31 
IGAs ................................................................ 96 
Individual Note Certificates ............................ 25 
Integral Multiples ............................................ 19 
Interest Amount .............................................. 44 
Interest Amounts ............................................. 45 
Interest Commencement Date ......................... 35 
Interest Determination Date ............................ 35 
Interest Payment Date ............................... 35, 44 
Interest Period ................................................. 35 
Interest Rate .................................................... 35 
ISDA Definitions ............................................ 35 
ISDA Rate ....................................................... 44 
Issue Agent ..................................................... 29 
Issue Date ........................................................ 35 
Issue Terms ..................................................... 35 
Issuer .................................................... iii, 29, 86 
Law ................................................................. 94 
Margin ............................................................. 35 
Master Schedule of Definitions ....................... 30 
Maturity Date .................................................. 30 
Member State .................................................... v 
Non Compartment-Specific Claims Creditors 16 
Non-syndicated ............................................... 97 
Noteholder ...................................................... 31 
Notes ............................................................... 30 
OECD ............................................................. 17 
offer of Notes to the public ............................. 98 
Official List ..................................................... 14 
Original Tranche(s) ......................................... 31 
Other Banca March Charged Assets ......... 35, 91 
Page ................................................................. 35 
participating Member State ............................. 95 
Pass-Through Fee Amount.............................. 36 
Paying Agent ................................................... 29 
Permanent Global Note ................................... 24 
Pricing Supplement ......................................... 36 
Principal Amount ............................................ 36 
Principal Financial Centre ............................... 36 
Principal Paying Agent ................................... 29 
Principal Trust Deed ....................................... 29 
Priority of Payments ....................................... 36 
Priority Secured Creditor ................................ 36 
Recast EU Insolvency Regulation ................... 42 
Receiptholders ................................................ 30 
Receipts ........................................................... 30 
Record Date .............................................. 27, 54 
Redemption Amount ....................................... 36 
Reference Banks ............................................. 36

--- Page 108 ---
208463-3-13925-v17.0 
- 108 - 
66-40647472 
 
 
 
 
Register........................................................... 31 
Registered Notes............................................. 30 
Registrar ......................................................... 29 
Regulated Market ........................................... 14 
Regulation S ................................................... 65 
Related Agreement ......................................... 40 
Relevant Currency .......................................... 36 
Relevant Date ................................................. 50 
Relevant Financial Centre .............................. 36 
Relevant Fraction ........................................... 60 
Relevant Rate ................................................. 36 
Relevant Time ................................................ 36 
Reserved Matter ....................................... 37, 60 
Reuters ............................................................ 35 
SEC ................................................................. iv 
Second Banca March Charged Asset .............. 37 
Secured Creditors ........................................... 41 
Securities Act ................................................. 65 
Securitisation Law .......................................... 31 
Security....................................................... 9, 41 
Security Documents ........................................ 41 
Series Prospectus ............................................ 37 
specified .......................................................... 29 
Specified Duration .......................................... 37 
Supplemental Trust Deed ................................ 29 
Supplementary Security Document................. 41 
Syndicated ....................................................... 97 
Talonholders ................................................... 30 
Talons ............................................................. 30 
TARGET Settlement Day ............................... 37 
TARGET2 system ........................................... 38 
TEFRA C Rules .............................................. 24 
TEFRA D Rules .............................................. 24 
Temporary Global Note .................................. 24 
Tranche ........................................................... 31 
Transfer Agent ................................................ 29 
Treaty .............................................................. 38 
Trust Deed....................................................... 29 
Trustee ........................................................ 8, 29 
Zero Coupon Early Redemption Date ............. 49

--- Page 109 ---
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
 
Milux International Issuances S.A. 
6, rue Eugène Ruppert, 
 L - 2453 Luxembourg,  
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
 
DEALER 
Banca March, S.A. 
Avenue Alejandro Rosselló 8,  
Palma de Mallorca 
Spain 
 
 
TRUSTEE 
 
Bondholders, S.L. 
Avenida Francia 17, A1 
Valencia, 46023 
Spain 
 
 
ISSUE AGENT, PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND PAYING AGENT AND CUSTODIAN 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
One Canada Square 
40th Floor 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
 
 
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch 
Riverside Two 
Sir John Rogerson's Quay 
Grand Canal Dock 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
 
To the Dealer and the Trustee as to English law: 
To the Dealer as to Luxembourg law: 
 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
 
Clifford Chance, SCS 
 10 boulevard G.D. Charlotte 
 B.P. 1147 
L-1011 Luxembourg 
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
KPMG Luxembourg 
39, avenue John F. Kennedy 
L - 1855 Luxembourg 
Trade register number B149133 
LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland