--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 10 October 2023 
This document constitutes the base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 (1) of Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129 of 
the European Parliament and the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") in connection 
with Annexes 17, 23, 25, 27 and 28 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019, as 
amended ("Delegated Regulation") of Mimo Capital AG in respect of non-equity securities within the meaning of 
Article 2 (c) of the Prospectus Regulation (the "Prospectus"). 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mimo Capital AG 
(Vaduz, Principality of Liechtenstein) 
(the "Issuer") 
Token Issuance Programme 
(the "Programme") 
This Prospectus has been prepared for the offering of tokenized securities ("Tokens") drawn up as part of an EU Growth 
prospectus in accordance with Article 15 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 by the Issuer which are deemed securities 
under the Prospectus Regulation. This Prospectus has been approved by the Financial Market Authority Liechtenstein 
("FMA"), as competent authority in the Principality of Liechtenstein (“Liechtenstein”) under the Prospectus 
Regulation. The FMA only approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. By approving this Prospectus, the FMA does not give any 
endorsement of the quality of the securities that are subject of the Prospectus and endorsement of the issuer that is the 
subject of this Prospectus. 
This Prospectus should be read and construed with any supplement pursuant to Art. 23 of the Prospectus Regulation (a 
"Supplement") hereto and with any other documents incorporated by reference herein. Full information on the Issuer 
and any series of Tokens issued under this Programme (each, a "Series of Tokens") is only available on the basis of 
the combination of the Prospectus and the final terms (the "Final Terms") relating to such Series of Tokens. 
The Issuer has requested FMA to notify the competent authority in Austria, Belgium, Republic of Cyprus, Czech 
Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Iceland, Ireland, Luxembourg, Malta, The Netherlands, 
Norway, Portugal, Slovak Republic, Spain and Sweden in relation to this Prospectus with a certificate of approval 
("Notification") attesting that this Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation and 
providing it with an electronic copy of this Prospectus. Further, the Issuer may request FMA to provide a Notification 
to competent authorities in additional member states within the European Economic Area. 
This Prospectus will be published in electronic form on the website of the Issuer (https://mcag.mimo.capital). It is valid 
for a period of twelve months from the date of its approval.

--- Page 2 ---
- ii - 
 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
Mimo Capital AG as Issuer (also referred to as the "Company") with its registered office in Alvierweg 17, 
9490 Vaduz, Liechtenstein, trade register number FL-0002.584.786-1 and operated under Liechtenstein 
law is solely responsible for the information given in this Prospectus. 
The Issuer hereby declares that, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the 
information contained in this Prospectus is, to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts and 
contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
If any claims are asserted before a court of law based on the information contained in this Prospectus, the 
investor appearing as plaintiff may have to bear the costs of translating this Prospectus prior to the 
commencement of the court proceedings pursuant to the national legislation of the member states of the 
European Economic Area ("EEA"). 
In case of any significant new event or significant error or inaccuracy relating to the information contained 
in this Prospectus that may affect an assessment of the Tokens and occurs or comes to light following the 
approval of this Prospectus, these updates must be disclosed in a prospectus supplement without undue 
delay. When the Prospectus has become invalid, the obligation to prepare a Supplement in the event of 
significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply.

--- Page 3 ---
- iii - 
 
NOTICE 
This Prospectus contains all information with regard to the Issuer and the Tokens which is material in the 
context of the Programme and the issue and offering of Tokens thereunder, and the information contained 
herein with respect to the Issuer and the Tokens is accurate and complete in all material respects and is not 
misleading, and the opinions and intentions expressed herein are honestly held and based on reasonable 
assumptions, and there are no other facts in respect of the Issuer or the Tokens, the omission of which would 
make this Prospectus as a whole or any of such information or the expression of any such opinions or 
intentions misleading, and the Issuer has made all reasonable enquiries to ascertain all facts material for the 
purposes aforesaid. 
This Prospectus is valid for 12 months from the date of its approval and it and any Supplement as well as 
any Final Terms reflect the status as of their respective dates of issue. Neither the delivery of this Prospectus 
nor any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Tokens shall, in any circumstances, create any 
implication that the information contained in this Prospectus is accurate and complete subsequent to their 
respective dates of issue or that there has been no adverse change in the financial situation of the Issuer 
since such date or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is accurate at any 
time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. 
No person has been authorized by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the 
Programme or any information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as in the public domain 
and, if given or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been 
authorized by the Issuer. 
No person mentioned in this Prospectus other than the Issuer, is responsible for the information contained 
in this Prospectus or any supplement hereto, or any Final Terms or any document incorporated herein by 
reference, and accordingly, and to the extent permitted by the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, none of 
these persons accepts any responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in 
any of these documents. 
The distribution of this Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Tokens 
in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession the Prospectus or any Final 
Terms comes are required by the Issuer to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. 
For a description of the restrictions applicable in particular in the United States of America, the European 
Economic Area in general, the United Kingdom, Northern Ireland and Japan, see "Selling Restrictions". 
NEITHER THE PROSPECTUS NOR ANY FINAL TERMS MAY BE USED FOR THE PURPOSE 
OF AN OFFER OR SOLICITATION BY ANYONE IN ANY JURISDICTION IN WHICH SUCH 
OFFER OR SOLICITATION IS NOT AUTHORIZED OR TO ANY PERSON TO WHOM IT IS 
UNLAWFUL TO MAKE SUCH AN OFFER OR SOLICITATION. NEITHER THIS PROSPECTUS 
NOR ANY FINAL TERMS CONSTITUTE AN OFFER OR AN INVITATION TO SUBSCRIBE 
FOR OR TO PURCHASE ANY TOKENS AND SHOULD NOT BE CONSIDERED AS A 
RECOMMENDATION BY THE ISSUER THAT ANY RECIPIENT OF THIS PROSPECTUS OR 
ANY FINAL TERMS SHOULD SUBSCRIBE FOR OR PURCHASE ANY TOKENS. 
In particular, the Tokens have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 
1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other 
jurisdiction of the United States and are being sold pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. The Tokens are subject to tax law requirements of the United States of 
America. Subject to certain exceptions, the Tokens may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States of America or to, or for the account or benefit of, US persons (as defined in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act ("Regulation S")). For further information, see "Selling Restrictions – United States of 
America".  
THE TOKENS OFFERED UNDER THIS PROSPECTUS ON PRIMARY MARKETS, 
SECONDARY MARKETS AND ANY OTHER PLATFORM ARE NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION TO 
ANY U.S. PERSON OR TO ANY PERSON IN THE U.S. OR IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION OR 
TO ANY OTHER PERSON TO WHICH A DISTRIBUTION WOULD BE UNLAWFUL.

--- Page 4 ---
- iv - 
 
The language of this Prospectus is English. Any part of this Prospectus in another language constitutes a 
translation only. 
In connection with the issue of any Series of Tokens, the entity named as the stabilizing manager in the 
applicable Final Terms, if any (or the persons acting on behalf of any stabilizing manager, if any) (the 
"Stabilizing Managers") may over-allot Tokens or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market 
price of the Tokens at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilization may 
not necessarily occur. Any stabilization action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Series of Tokens is made and, if begun, may cease at any 
time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of 
Tokens and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Series of Tokens. Any stabilization or 
over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilizing Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of 
any Stabilizing Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
Any websites referred to in the Prospectus are referred to for information purposes only and do not form 
part of the Prospectus. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Tokens may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Tokens and which channels for distribution 
of the Tokens are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Tokens (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Tokens (by 
either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Tokens is a manufacturer in respect of such Tokens, but otherwise neither 
the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of 
the MiFID Product Governance Rules. Furthermore, the Issuer is not a manufacturer of distributor for the 
purposes of MiFID II. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Tokens include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors 
in the European Economic Area", the Tokens are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive 2002/92/EC (as amended, the "Insurance Mediation Directive"), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Directive. Consequently, if the Final Terms in 
respect of any Tokens include the abovementioned legend, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Tokens or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Tokens or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
This Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Tokens in the United Kingdom will be 
made pursuant to an exemption under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the UK Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Tokens, 
where "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the "EUWA") and regulations made 
thereunder. Accordingly, any person making or intending to make an offer in the United Kingdom of 
Tokens which are the subject of an offering contemplated in this Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation to the offer of those Tokens may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises 
for the Issuer or the Dealers to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the "FSMA") or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer.  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Series of the Tokens specify "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", the Tokens are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom.

--- Page 5 ---
- v - 
 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(a) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA;  
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of “retained EU law” by virtue of the EUWA;  
(c) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
“retained EU law” by virtue of the EUWA and regulations made thereunder (the "UK Prospectus 
Regulation").  
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Tokens 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Tokens or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
Notwithstanding the above paragraph, in the case where the Final Terms in respect of any Series of the 
Tokens include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" but where the Issuer 
subsequently prepares and publishes a key information document under the UK PRIIPs Regulation in 
respect of such Tokens, then following such publication, the prohibition on the offering, sale or otherwise 
making available the Tokens to a retail investor in the United Kingdom as described in the above paragraph 
and in such legend shall no longer apply. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Prospectus may contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements that 
do not relate to historical facts and events. They are based on the analyses or forecasts of future results and 
estimates of amounts not yet determinable or foreseeable. These forward-looking statements are identified 
by the use of terms and phrases such as "anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", "intend", 
"may", "plan", "predict", "project", "will" and similar terms and phrases, including references and 
assumptions. This applies, in particular, to statements in this Prospectus containing information on future 
earnings capacity, plans and expectations regarding the Issuer's business and management, its growth and 
profitability, and general economic and regulatory conditions and other factors that affect it. 
Forward-looking statements in this Prospectus are based on current estimates and assumptions that the 
Issuer makes to the best of its present knowledge. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, 
uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual results, including the Issuer's financial condition 
and results of operations, to differ materially from and be worse than results that have expressly or implicitly 
been assumed or described in these forward-looking statements. The Issuer's business is also subject to a 
number of risks and uncertainties that could cause a forward-looking statement, estimate or prediction in 
this Prospectus to become inaccurate. Accordingly, potential investors are strongly advised to read the 
following sections of this Prospectus: "Summary", "Risk Factors" and "Business Description". These 
sections include more detailed descriptions of factors that might have an impact on the Issuer's business 
and the markets in which it operates. 
In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, future events described in this Prospectus may not 
occur. In addition, the Issuer does not assume any obligation, except as required by law, to update any 
forward-looking statement or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual events or 
developments.

--- Page 6 ---
- vi - 
 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
 
RISK FACTORS ........................................................................................................................................ 1 
CONSENT TO USE THE PROSPECTUS............................................................................................. 15 
USE OF PROCEEDS AND REASONS FOR THE OFFER ................................................................ 16 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ....................................................................... 17 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE TOKENS .................................................................................. 24 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE UNDERLYING ........................................................................ 27 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE TOKENS ................................................................................ 29 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ..................................................................................................................... 38 
MIMO CAPITAL AG AS ISSUER ......................................................................................................... 46 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS ................................................................................................................... 51 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 54 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ......................................................................... 55

--- Page 7 ---
- 1 - 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Tokens are designed to track the performance of specific governmental or corporate debt serving as 
underlying (the “Underlying”). Therefore, the Tokens are backed by the Underlying at 100 per cent. of 
their aggregate principal amount.  
Prospective investors in Tokens (“Investors”) should carefully review and consider all information 
provided in or incorporated by reference into this Prospectus or the relevant Final Terms of a Series of 
Tokens before deciding to purchase Tokens issued under the Programme and consult with their own 
professional advisers (including their financial, accounting, legal and tax advisers) if they consider it 
necessary or appropriate.  
Investors should note that an investment in Tokens issued under the Programme from time to time involves 
a high degree of risk, including the risk of a total loss of all capital invested, as the Tokens and the 
underlying security arrangements in respect of each Token are speculative. 
The material risk factors inherent in the Issuer are set out below. The most significant risk factors are 
prefixed to each section. Investors should also take into account that all of the risks described may interact 
and thereby exacerbate each other. 
Investing in the Tokens could involve additional risks and uncertainties of which the Issuer is not presently 
aware and which could also affect the business operations of the Issuer or the Group and adversely affect 
its business activities and financial condition and results of operations and the ability of the Issuer to fulfil 
its respective obligations under the Tokens. 
Risks related to the Financial Situation of the Issuer 
Liquidity Risk 
The Issuer may not have sufficient funds to meet its payment obligations and to make payments to Investors 
under the Tokens. In the event of insufficient liquid funds, in particular due to the inability to liquidate the 
Underlying with respect to a specific Series of Tokens, there is a risk that the Issuer will not be able to, 
fully or partially, fulfil its payment obligations on time or at all. 
Materiality: High 
Lack of Revenue 
The Issuer has not yet generated substantial revenue as it was a dormant company for the application period 
and registration process of the Issuer as a TT Exchange Service Provider, Token Generator, and Token 
Issuer under the Token and Trusted Technology Service Provider Act (“TVTG”) of Liechtenstein. If the 
Issuer does not generate revenues from operating activities in the foreseeable future, it may not achieve or 
maintain profitability and investors might lose part or all of their investment. 
Materiality: High 
Funding 
As the Issuer has not yet generated substantial revenue from its operating activities, it relies on external 
financing sources to cover its financial liabilities and current operations. The Issuer's means and liquidity 
for the next twelve months will be secured by the commitment of the Issuer’s parent companies. The 
Issuer’s immediate holding company, DeCentral Pte. Ltd., and the Issuer entered into a shareholder loan 
agreement dated 1 June 2021. Certain repayment obligation of such shareholder loan in the aggregate 
amount of EUR 2,137,799 have been subject to a debt waiver dated 7 June 2022 under which DeCentral 
Pte. Ltd. unconditionally and irrevocably released and discharged the Issuer from such repayment 
obligations. The Issuer continues to rely on these forms of external funding in the foreseeable future. Should 
the Issuer be unable to obtain or raise the necessary funds, this may result in investors to lose their entire 
investment. 
Materiality: Medium

--- Page 8 ---
- 2 - 
 
Credit Risk 
Investors are exposed to the credit risk of the Issuer, the Custodian and other parties. An Investor's ability 
to obtain payment in accordance with the relevant Terms and Conditions is dependent on the Issuer's ability 
to meet these obligations. The Tokens are not, either directly or indirectly, an obligation of any other party. 
As a result, the creditworthiness of the Issuer may affect the market value of any Tokens, and in the event 
of default, insolvency or bankruptcy, Investors may not receive the amount owed to them under the relevant 
Terms and Conditions. Next to direct credit risks, the Investors are indirectly exposed to any indirect credit 
risks that the Issuer is exposed to, for example the credit risks of other affiliated parties of the offer. 
Furthermore, the Issuer may incur losses and/or fail to obtain delivery under any arrangements in place in 
respect of any Underlying. 
Materiality: Medium 
Risks related to the Business Activities and Industry of the Issuer 
Short Business History and Limited Financial Information of the Issuer 
The issuer was a dormant company for the application period and registration process of the Issuer as a 
Token Exchange Provider, Token Generator, and Token Issuer under the TVTG. Therefore, no significant 
"track record" on its activity and/or performance is in the public domain and the historical financial 
information on the Issuer is very limited. This implies the risk for Investors that the business activity of the 
newly established company is not yet proven and may fail, which results in operating losses and may have 
material adverse effects on the Issuer’s performance and results of operations, which may ultimately lead 
to Investors losing all or part of their investment. 
Materiality: High 
Business Risks 
The Issuer's principal activity is the issuance of Tokens in the form of blockchain based cryptographic 
tokens, which are backed by governmental or corporate bonds, against fees. For that purpose, the Issuer 
designs Tokens fully backed by the underlying bonds. In addition, the Issuer commercializes and sells 
Tokens to Investors. Therefore, the Issuer's ability to conduct its business successfully depends on its ability 
to market Tokens successfully to Investors and to comply with rules and regulations. In particular, the 
failure to pass any audit regarding the Issuer's compliance with rules and regulations or to be found in 
breach of regulations in Liechtenstein or elsewhere applicable to the Issuer could result in fines or adverse 
publicity which could have a material adverse effect to the business and which may lead to significantly 
decreased results of operations and losses. New legislation or regulations, decisions by public authorities 
or changes regarding the application or interpretation of existing legislation, regulations, or decisions by 
public authorities applicable to the Issuer's operations, the Tokens, the blockchain technology or the 
Underlying, may adversely affect the Issuer's business or an investment in Tokens. Moreover, the Issuer 
depends on reputable and reliable ledger systems, on which the smart contracts in the blockchain will be 
conducted. Should their service or operation among others be constrained or a disruption occurs, the Issuer 
may be unable to issue additional Tokens, which may, in turn, adversely impact the Issuer's reputation, 
financial performance and creditworthiness. 
Materiality: Medium 
Dependence on Service Providers 
The Issuer is dependent on a number of service providers to maintain the issuances of Tokens. These 
include, but are not limited to, 
(a) 
any person administering the accounts to which the Underlyings purchased by the Issuer are 
credited ("Custodian"); 
(b) 
any person accepting or dispatching payments on behalf of the Issuer and by accepting or 
distributing the funds from/to the Investors ("Paying Account Provider");

--- Page 9 ---
- 3 - 
 
(c) 
any person that provides market making services including bid and offer of market prices for 
Tokens, next to adequate liquidity with regard to all Tokens of the relevant Series ("Market 
Maker"); and 
(d) 
any person or legal entity which is a licensed bank, a securities firm, an insurance company or 
another institution being supervised in an equivalent manner in any relevant offer jurisdiction, 
approved by the Issuer (in its sole discretion), which files requests that Tokens are created or 
redeemed ("Authorized Participants"). 
As the case may be, the Issuer may further depend on a regulated securities broker regarding brokerage 
services in connection with buying/selling the Underlyings ("Broker"), trading desks, lending desks, and 
wallet providers. Should there be a material adverse change with any existing partner and a suitable 
alternative be unavailable or impracticable, it may be impossible for the Issuer to continue to list and service 
the Tokens. 
Materiality: Low 
Legal and Regulatory Risks 
Changes of the Regulatory Environment 
The Issuer issues financial products whose regulatory environment appears to be unclear because it is 
constantly developing and adapting to new technologies. This applies particularly to the business with 
tokenized securities. Regulatory changes are to be expected here at national and international level. This 
may lead to significant cost increases in the operating business and may have a material adverse effect on 
the Issuer's net assets, financial position and results of operations and thus negatively affect its ability to 
fulfil claims arising from the Tokens. Therefore, it cannot be ruled out that negative effects of a change in 
the regulatory environment will result in the Issuer no longer being able to operate its business operations 
economically and having to discontinue them as whole or partially. 
Materiality: Medium 
Risk of a Data Breach 
The Issuer maintains significant amounts of data surrounding trades, trade execution, as well as customer 
data. A significant data breach may have wide reaching adverse effects, including trading losses and loss 
of reputation, which may negatively impact the Issuer’s core business. 
Materiality: Medium 
Further Risks 
Conflicts of Interest 
In accordance with the relevant applicable law, the key personnel of the Issuer may hold Tokens, 
Underlyings, other financial instruments or digital assets on their personal name and account. They are 
under no obligation to disclose their holdings, changes in the value of their holdings, any trading activity 
in those holdings. These interests may deviate from or conflict with interests of Investors in the Tokens. 
The Issuer may issue other products relating to the Underlying or other underlyings. The introduction of 
such competing products may affect the market value of the Tokens. 
Materiality: Medium 
 Cybersecurity related Risks 
The Issuer deals with tokenized securities registered online and therefore is susceptible to operational, 
information security and related “cyber” risks. In general, cyber incidents can result from deliberate attacks 
or unintentional events. Cyber incidents include, but are not limited to, gaining unauthorized access to 
digital systems (e.g. through “hacking” or malicious software coding) for purposes of misappropriating 
assets or sensitive information, corrupting data, or causing operational disruption. Cyberattacks may also 
be carried out in a manner that does not require gaining unauthorized access, such as causing denial-of-
service attacks on websites (i.e., efforts to make network services unavailable to intended users).

--- Page 10 ---
- 4 - 
 
Cybersecurity failures by, or breaches of, the systems have the ability to cause disruptions and impact 
business operations, potentially resulting in: financial losses, interference with the business activity, 
disclosure of confidential information, impediments to trading, submission of erroneous trades or erroneous 
creation or redemption orders, the inability of the company or its service providers to transact business, 
violations of applicable privacy and other laws, regulatory fines, penalties, reputational damage, 
reimbursement or other compensation costs, or additional compliance costs. Investors may lose their 
investment as direct or indirect consequence of such cybersecurity related risks. 
Materiality: Medium 
Software related Risks 
Tokenized securities may be susceptible to bugs and smart contract related risks, that might lead to investors 
losing control over their assets, or a breach that might cause an unintended minting of the asset, that 
ultimately lead to the dilution of the investors' holdings. Other risks include Issuer's back-office software 
bugs which may lead to mishandling of the Underlying or a loss of significant tokens reserve, which may 
cause turbulence in the secondary market. By nature, attacks on blockchain infrastructure can cause much 
more damage than for a centralized service, as the blockchain is an objective layer, and cannot be stopped 
or rolled back. 
Materiality: Low 
Environmental and Social Risks 
The applied technology of smart contracts on blockchains by the Issuer are energy intensive systems and 
thus might be susceptible to existing and potential regulation and/or costs with the goal to limit energy 
consumption. 
Materiality: Low

--- Page 11 ---
- 5 - 
 
RISK FACTORS REGARDING THE TOKENS 
The following is a disclosure of the principal risk factors which are material to the Tokens issued under the 
Programme in order to assess the market risk associated with the Tokens. Under the circumstances 
described below, potential investors may lose the value of their entire investment or part of it. 
Risks relating to the Market 
Market Volatility 
Market volatility refers to the risk that market prices of securities will rise or fall, sometimes rapidly or 
unpredictably. An investment in the Tokens is subject to market risk, including the potential loss of the 
entire amount of the investment. Changes in interest, foreign exchange rates, and increases in volatility can 
increase credit and market risks and may also affect revenues of Investors. General movements in local and 
international markets and factors that affect the investment climate and Investor sentiment could affect the 
level of trading and, therefore, the market price of any Token and the respective Underlying. These risks 
are generally applicable to any investment in securities or instruments. Investors should be aware that any 
and all Tokens can go down and up in price and that there can be a partial or total loss of the invested 
amount. 
Materiality: High 
Pricing Divergences 
The price at which Tokens are traded on the secondary market may deviate from the accurate or "real-time" 
price of the relevant Underlying at the respective time. The application and redemption procedures for the 
Issuer are intended to minimize this potential difference, delay or tracking error. However, the market price 
of Tokens will also be a function of supply and demand amongst Investors wishing to buy and sell Tokens 
and the bid/offer spread that Market Makers are willing to quote for such Tokens. It is not within the Issuer’s 
control to ensure that the Tokens trade continuously at a price which equates perfectly to the value of the 
Underlying or, to ensure that any degree of variation between “bid/ask” and the value of the Underlying 
does not exceed certain margins. 
Materiality: Medium 
Market Trading Risk and Liquidity 
The Tokens are intended to be available and traded on a trading venue and could also be traded on other 
exchanges or networks. There is no certainty that there will be liquidity available on any of the trading 
networks or that the market price will be in line with the net asset value at any given time. There is also no 
guarantee that once the Tokens are available and traded on a blockchain that they will remain accessible 
and traded as a result of changes in admissibility of the Underlyings, the technology or the status of the 
Issuer. 
Under normal market conditions, users acting as Market Makers will purchase and sell Tokens on secondary 
markets reducing the price gap between such trading venues and prices offered by the Issuer. Nevertheless, 
the Investors cannot rely on the opportunity to sell Tokens at a specific price or time. Furthermore, the 
Market Maker(s) are not obliged to secure a certain minimum level rate, purchasing unlimited numbers of 
Tokens or certain minimum volume in abnormal market conditions. In addition, the Issuer itself may have 
the right (but no obligation) to purchase Tokens at any time and any price in the open market or by tender 
or private agreement, subject to the applicable law. 
Materiality: Medium

--- Page 12 ---
- 6 - 
 
Risks relating to Currency Exchange Rates 
In general, currency values may be affected by complex political, economic, and international factors, 
including governmental actions to support the domestic currency, independent of other market forces. An 
investment in the Tokens may be affected by the exchange rate risk of the relevant currencies in which the 
Tokens are denominated and in which the Underlying is/are traded or evaluated. The Underlying will be 
denominated in another currency (USD, EUR or any other) than the Tokens offered as specified in the Final 
Terms. 
An Investor’s right related to the Tokens may be determined on the basis of a currency other than the 
currency in which the redemption amount is settled ("Settlement Currency"). The value of the Underlying 
may be determined in a currency or unit of value other than the Settlement Currency. Accordingly, Investors 
should be aware that investments in Tokens could entail risks due to fluctuating exchange rates and, 
moreover, that the risk of loss depends not only on the performance of the Underlying, but also on 
unfavourable developments of the value of any currency involved. Investors should be aware that the above 
mentioned risks may arise at any time during the life of the Token if the currency of the Token and/or of 
the Underlying will be replaced by a different or a new currency. 
Materiality: Medium 
Market Disruption Events 
A market and/or settlement disruption event ("Market Disruption Event or Settlement Disruption 
Event") describes the occurrence or existence of a suspension or a limitation on trading in or a limitation 
on the market price issued by reference sources (but for the avoidance of doubt, not merely a limitation on 
the hours and number of days of trading resulting from an announced change in the regular business hours 
of the relevant Underlying exchange) for the Underlying so that the price or value of the Token cannot be 
determined, announced or published or otherwise is not being made available on a Business Day relevant 
for the fixing, observation or valuation of such Underlying as determined by the Issuer in its duly exercised 
discretion. 
In accordance with the Terms and Conditions, the Issuer may determine in its duly exercised discretion that 
a Market Disruption Event or Settlement Disruption Event has occurred or exists at a relevant time, which 
could result in the postponement of the fixing, observation or valuation of the applicable Underlying. This 
could have an adverse effect on the market value of the Tokens, including a partial or total loss of the 
investment. 
These events may include, but are not limited to, the Issuer's inability to source reliable data, regulatory 
changes or other significant technological issues. 
Materiality: Low 
Other Factors affecting Market Value 
The fact that the Tokens are issued in the form of ledger-based securities, requires the ability to execute 
transactions on the blockchain in order to purchase or sell the Token. Transactions on the blockchain are 
sometimes governed by fees paid to the blockchain validators, and these might increase significantly in 
times of market disruption or congestion. In such times, issuance and redemption of Tokens in values in 
the order of magnitude of the required fees may have an adverse impact on the total value obtained by the 
investor. The issuer has no ability to control or predict future blockchain fees. 
Materiality: Low

--- Page 13 ---
- 7 - 
 
Risks relating to Tokenized Securities and Distributed Ledger Technology 
Risks Associated with the Ethereum Protocol and other Blockchain Protocols 
Any Token-DLT, which will be used for the tokenized issuance of securities, is or may be susceptible to 
mining attacks, including double-spend attacks, majority mining power attacks, selfish-mining attacks, and 
race condition attacks, as well as their equivalent in proof-of-stake systems, and other new forms of attacks 
that may be created. Any successful attack presents a risk to the issuance of the securities, and expected 
proper execution and sequencing of Ethereum (and other blockchains) contract computations in general. 
Mining attacks may also target other blockchain networks with which the used crypto protocol may interact, 
which may consequently impact the used digital token significantly. As such, any malfunction, breakdown, 
abandonment, unintended function or unexpected functioning of the Ethereum protocol, or any other 
blockchain protocol, may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer, the issuance of the tokenized 
securities and/or the Tokens offered. 
Materiality: Medium 
Potential for Market Abuse 
The markets for digital assets are local, national and/or international, increasingly growing and including a 
broad range of products and participants. In this environment, significant trading may occur on systems and 
platforms with minimum predictability. 
In general, the characteristic of digital assets could be used by certain market participants to exploit 
arbitrage opportunities through schemes like front running, miner extracted value, spoofing, pump-and-
dump and fraud across different systems, platforms or geographic locations. Due to the reduced oversight 
of authorities, these kinds of illicit schemes may be more widespread in the crypto market than in the general 
market for financial products. A result of any market abuse could be the loss of Investors' confidence in the 
digital assets and thus in structured products which base on them and therefore, may adversely impact an 
investment in the Tokens, the Issuer's ability to operate and/or the pricing of digital assets used for the 
transaction or of digital assets in general. 
Because there is a lack of a central regulatory authority and structure and due to the global nature of digital 
assets and blockchain technologies, the Investors may have no legal remedies or recourse against the Issuer, 
other users, holders, purchasers or sellers of tokenized securities or digital assets, and any other person or 
entity that may interfere with the Issuer, the Tokens or the Investors' digital wallet. 
Materiality: Medium 
Risk of Loss of Private Key 
The Tokens must be stored in a wallet by the Investor. This wallet can only be accessed with a password 
selected by the Investor. If an Investor does not maintain an accurate record of the password or loses its 
wallet file, this will lead to the total loss of tokens and thus of all its investments. If a private key is lost, 
destroyed or otherwise compromised and no backup of the private key is accessible, the Investor will not 
be able to access the digital assets associated with the corresponding address, and the token network or the 
Issuer will not be capable of restoring the private key. Any loss of private keys relating to digital wallets 
used to store digital assets on a blockchain could have an adverse effect on the Investor and its investment. 
It is the Investor's sole responsibility to store and protect its private key, respectively wallet, accordingly. 
Materiality: Medium 
Hacking and Theft Risk 
The crypto network, smart contracts, associated websites, the applied software applications and software 
platforms of the blockchain may be exposed to attacks by hackers or other individuals that could result in

--- Page 14 ---
- 8 - 
 
theft or loss of tokens or other (financial) support for the crypto network in use. This may affect the 
Investors' investment up to a total loss. Furthermore, it may impact the Issuer's ability to issue Tokens. 
Materiality: Medium 
Tax Risk related to Digital Assets 
The taxation of digital assets and associated companies can vary significantly by jurisdiction and are subject 
to significant revisions. These revisions, or the application of new tax schemes or taxation in additional 
jurisdictions, may adversely impact the Issuer’s performance. Accordingly, the way in which digital assets 
are taxed varies from country to country. Before deciding to invest in Tokens, Investors should consult their 
local tax advisor. The Issuer may become exposed to significant tax risk. Any major tax burden may hinder 
the Issuer’s ability to maintain the listing and, if such tax burden results in insolvency, to otherwise continue 
to operate as expected. 
Materiality: Medium 
Technical Risks relating to Blockchains 
There are several technical risks to which the Investors of digital assets are exposed including, but not 
limited to, flaws in the code, the event in which an interlinked chain of blocks (a blockchain) is, at a certain 
block onwards, followed by two or more parallel and non-identical blocks, each generating a separated 
continuum of the original blockchain, possibly becoming the dominant version and thus obliviating all 
transactions recorded on the other possible chains (Forks) of the underlying protocols, double spending and 
51% attacks. These and various other risks must be considered by the Investors and are not unlikely to 
occur over time. 
Ethereum and other blockchains assets are mostly built on open-source code which is available to the public, 
and developed in a shared way. Therefore, the underlying source code of these digital assets is visible 
publicly to anyone, and anyone can suggest changes to the code. It is possible that flaws or mistakes in the 
released and public source code could lead to severe damage to the blockchain technology, digital assets 
and networks. Furthermore, it is possible that a group of highly skilled contributors or other technical groups 
may attack the code, which may directly lead to severe damage. In any of these technical vulnerabilities, 
the value of the Investors' stakes can be severely and detrimentally affected. 
The Ethereum blockchain is undergoing a series of upgrades, most notably the gradual move from a Proof 
of Work ("PoW") consensus mechanism to a Proof of Stake ("PoS") mechanism, both in form of Forks, 
changes to the rules of the protocol, and in other ways. This might significantly alter the way the blockchain 
operates, both in terms of the way new blocks are mined, how consensus is reached, the transaction 
throughput of the blockchain, the incentive mechanism of including transactions in a block, and many more 
changes. Some of these changes may impact existing smart contracts and create uncertainty as to the 
behaviour of software deployed on the blockchain or interacting with it. 
For Investors, Forks may have a detrimental effect on the value of the digital assets, including by negatively 
affecting Cryptocurrency allocations or by failing to capture the full value of newly-forked digital assets 
when being removed from the main index or another applicable index. This can disturb the creation of smart 
contracts on the blockchain to purchase or sell the Tokens. 
Mining of digital assets is a distributed consensus system which is used to confirm pending transactions. 
The result of the agreement will be displayed and included on the public ledger, the blockchain. The crypto 
miners can earn digital assets by confirmation of the transactions and reaching consensus in that matter. In 
case a group of miners acting in concert controls temporarily a majority of the network mining power (also 
called hash power) of a respective blockchain network, they can use this control to undertake harmful 
actions, so-called 51% attacks. In such cases the attackers could prevent new transactions from being 
confirmed, allowing them to halt payments between certain or all users. They could also reverse

--- Page 15 ---
- 9 - 
 
transactions in the process of completion and thus in the control of the network, with the consequence that 
they could doublespend coins. The attackers could allow their coins to be spent on multiple occasions as 
they control the network's confirmation process including, but not limited to, sending two conflicting 
transactions to the network while creating one transaction but already sending the digital assets before 
release of the associated block on the blockchain, which would invalidate it. Theoretically, the execution 
of attacks is more likely to appear to blockchains with a smaller mining power or market capitalization 
since the necessary computing power threshold to control a majority of the network will be reached more 
easily. However, there have also been reports of attacks against the ETC network in the past, which 
illustrates that networks with higher market capitalization can also be a target to such attacks. 
The distribution and/or performance of the tokenized securities may be negatively affected by such or 
similar technical risks relating to blockchains as described above and thus may negatively impact the 
Investors. 
Materiality: Low 
Risk of Blockchain Forks 
A fork is an event in which an interlinked chain of blocks (a blockchain) is, at a certain block on-wards, 
followed by two or more parallel and non-identical blocks, each generating a separated continuum of the 
original blockchain, possibly becoming the dominant version and thus obliviating all transactions record-
ed on the other possible chains (a “Fork”). Therefore, Forks are changes to the rules of the Ethereum 
protocol or other digital assets which often include major technical upgrades or changes needed to be made 
to the network. They typically originate from improvement proposals by the community and result in 
changes of the rules of the protocol. The rule changes may create a temporary split in the network. New 
blocks of digital assets could be produced according to the old rules or the new rules. Forks are usually 
agreed upon in advance to give owners the opportunity to adapt to changes concordantly. Consequently, 
the Fork including the upgrades becomes the main chain. However, in rare cases, disagreements over Forks 
can cause the network to permanently split. For the Ethereum network such a split occurred with the 
creation of Ethereum Classic ("ETC") in the Decentralized Autonomous Organization ("DAO") Fork in 
2016. The DAO Fork was a response to the 2016 DAO attack where an insecure DAO contract was drained 
of over 3.6 million Ethereum in a hack. As a result, the Ethereum community voted on the planned Fork. 
The implemented Fork moved the funds from the faulty contract to a new Ethereum contract by 
withdrawing them. A group of miners however refused to fork and continued to use the original Ethereum 
blockchain due to immutability concerns. They continued to form ETC. 
The Fork risk for externally backed tokens (such as tokenized securities) is much more severe compared to 
native tokens such as Ether ("ETH"). In case a user holds ETH tokens and the network splits, they can hold 
both ends of the fork. However, for tokenized securities, a choice must be made which represents the claim 
over the security issued by the Issuer. 
In the event of a Fork in the blockchain used by the Issuer for the Tokens, the Issuer, in its sole discretion, 
will determine: 
(a) 
whether or not to participate in the Fork; and 
(b) 
which of the Fork's two resulting chains would be recognized, or if a different 
platform/protocol/blockchain for such purpose shall be used. 
Regulatory Risks related to Digital Assets and Blockchains 
Blockchain technologies and cryptographic tokens have been and will be the subject of intense scrutiny by 
various regulatory bodies around the world. The functioning of the Ethereum network, associated 
blockchain networks and tokens may be adversely impacted by regulatory actions, including restrictions or 
prohibitions on their use, purchase, or possession. For example, some jurisdictions regulate providers of

--- Page 16 ---
- 10 - 
 
prepaid access or money transmission services who create a medium of exchange or a method by which 
value is transferred from one to another person or location. The implications of triggering such requirements 
may include registration with a state or national agency or enforcement authority and implementing an anti-
money laundering ("AML")/know-your-customer compliance program that meets the standards, including 
transaction monitoring, designation of compliance personnel, employee training, and periodic auditing and 
testing. Moreover, there may be various compliance obligations, including the need for a license, meeting 
minimum net-worth requirements, bonding, biographical and financial approval of officers and directors, 
and other ongoing compliance, such as examination and reporting obligations. 
It is possible that certain jurisdictions will apply existing regulations on, or introduce new regulations 
addressing blockchain technologies-based applications, which may be contrary to the current setup of the 
smart contracts or the issuance of tokenized securities and which may, inter alia, result in substantial 
modifications of the smart contracts and/or the issuance of tokenized securities, including its termination 
and the loss of the investment for the Investors. 
The Issuer could be impacted by one or more regulatory inquiries or regulatory action which could impede 
or limit the ability of the Issuer or third persons to continue to develop the Issuer's Tokens and/or services. 
It could cause significant costs and adversely affect the development of Tokens and/or the operations. 
Further, the issuance of tokenized securities and/or the Issuer may be subject to unexpected tax burdens. 
Materiality: Low 
Cease in Expansion of Processing Power 
If the aggregate revenue from transaction fees and the block reward is below a miner’s cost, miners may 
terminate operations. Additionally, in the event of a Fork of the relevant crypto network, some miners may 
choose to mine the alternative new digital asset resulting from the Fork, thus reducing processing power on 
the original blockchain. An acute cessation of mining operations would reduce the collective processing 
power on the blockchain, which would adversely affect the transaction verification process by temporarily 
decreasing the speed at which blocks are added to the blockchain and make the blockchain more vulnerable 
to attackers obtaining control in excess of 50% of the processing power on the blockchain. Reductions in 
processing power could result in material, though temporary, delays in transaction confirmation time. Any 
reduction in confidence in the transaction verification process or mining processing power may adversely 
impact the value of an investment in the Tokens or the ability of the Issuer to operate. 
Materiality: Low 
Uncertainty related to Innovation 
It is to note that digital assets, blockchains and their networks are still in the starting phase and have not yet 
become the new standard for transactions. Therefore, the form and functioning are still evolving. There is 
no guarantee that digital assets will become the dominant form of payment, storage of value or method of 
exchange. Potential changes in the viability of any crypto network may adversely impact pricing and 
liquidity of digital assets and thus of the Tokens. Furthermore, other crypto networks and/or technologies 
may compete with the applied digital assets network. There is no guarantee that the selected form of digital 
assets to confirm the transactions on the blockchain will be a popular form of transaction or method of 
exchange in the future. 
Materiality: Low 
Environmental Concerns 
Due to the increasing carbon emissions by mining of digital assets, concern has arisen in the context of its 
impact on the global sustainable goals. Thus, governments and other bodies may regulate and restrict

--- Page 17 ---
- 11 - 
 
blockchain technologies in this respect in the future. This could hinder or even make the usage of smart 
contracts for the verification of transactions in some jurisdictions impossible. 
Materiality: Low 
Risks relating to the Nature of the Tokens 
Risks relating to the structured nature of the Tokens 
The Tokens are designed to track the performance of the Underlying and are backed by the Underlying in 
the amount of 100 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of their respective nominal values. Interest 
payments which the Issuer receives on the Underlying for any outstanding Token are streamed to Investor 
less a margin (if and as specified in the relevant Final Terms). The Tokens will be redeemed by payment 
of a cash amount or by physical delivery, if applicable. The redemption amount for the Tokens is calculated 
based on the current market price of the Underlying fixed on a daily basis minus fees and currency 
adjustments, if necessary. If applicable, Tokens can also be redeemed at the sole discretion of the Investor 
by physical delivery of the Underlying and, where applicable, payment of an adjustment amount. Therefore, 
Tokens are considered a combination of conventional instruments with derivative elements to create a 
stand-alone fixed-income product that is then issued to Investors. 
Investors should be aware that the market value of the Tokens may not perfectly correlate with the 
prevailing price of the Underlying. As a result, changes in the prevailing price of the Underlying will not 
necessarily result in a comparable change in the market value of the Token. Investing in the Tokens does 
not represent a 100% match of a direct investment in the Underlying. 
In particular, the performance of the Tokens may differ significantly from returns on direct holdings of the 
Underlying itself because of the negative effect of the margin on interest payments, the base fee and other 
fees due to providers of services in relation to the Tokens ("Investor Fee(s)"), additionally to the negative 
effect of any other described risk herein. Consequently, the return on Tokens will not reflect the potential 
return of actual ownership of the Underlying, being held for a similar period. 
Materiality: Medium 
Impact of Redemptions of Underlyings 
The redemption or maturity of the Underlying has an effect on the pricing of Tokens. The Tokens have no 
maturity date and, if not redeemed at the option of the Issuer or the Investors, as applicable, will survive 
the redemption or maturity of the Underlying. In such case, Investors will cease to receive interest 
payments, if applicable, and the redemption amount of the Tokens will be calculated based on the last 
available quotation for the Underlying. 
Materiality: Medium 
Lack of Capital Protection 
The Tokens do not provide any capital protection of any amount payable under the Tokens. This causes a 
risk for Investors that a part or all of the invested amount may be lost due to the market risk associated with 
the exposure of Tokens. This means if the price of the relevant Underlying develops in an unfavourable 
way for the Investors, the terms do not provide for any level of protected capital and the Investors will 
sustain the full loss corresponding to the unfavourable development of the relevant Underlying. Depending 
on the performance of the Underlying, Investors may sustain a loss up to their entire investment. 
Materiality: Medium

--- Page 18 ---
- 12 - 
 
Risks relating to the Underlying  
General market risk and credit risk 
The market value of the Tokens depends on the performance of the Underlying. The Issuer has no influence 
on the market price of the Underlying. Therefore, Investors in the Tokens may bear market risks similar to 
a direct investment in the relevant Underlying. The Underlying may be subject to major fluctuations and 
unfavourable price developments of the Underlying. In particular, the past development of an Underlying 
will not be indicative for its future performance. The price of the Underlying can even drop to a price close 
to zero in case of a default of the Underlying’s issuing entity or external shocks materially adversely 
affecting such issuing entity. In such event, Investors in the Tokens may suffer a partial or total loss of their 
investment. 
Materiality: High 
Impact of Underlying Sale 
Within the issuance and redemption processes, the Issuer can sell the Underlying, or will be required to 
redeem Tokens pursuant to the Terms and Conditions. These transactions will be performed, at the Issuer's 
sole discretion, on the open market or via over-the-counter ("OTC") trading platforms. In case the amount 
of Underlyings sold is significant enough relative to global supply and demand, such sales could have an 
impact on supply and demand for the specific Underlyings in a manner unrelated to other factors and may 
affect the pricing of other Tokens of the same Series under this Prospectus. 
Materiality: High 
Risk of Occurrence of an Extraordinary Event 
In case of fraud, theft, drastic changes in regulation or similar events with respect to, or affecting any, 
Underlying, the redemption amount for Tokens shall be reduced, potentially to the smallest denomination 
of the settlement currency per Token or to zero. As a consequence, Investors bear the risk of the occurrence 
of an extraordinary event and of a partial or complete loss of their investment. Moreover, the risks of an 
extraordinary event are greater than for similar events with respect to other asset classes and, unlike in the 
case of other asset classes, are unable to be mitigated. Additionally, it is not presently practical to insure 
against an extraordinary event. If an extraordinary event occurs, Investors might suffer a loss of partial or 
the entire investment. 
Materiality: Medium 
Limited Trading Hours 
The on-exchange trading of Underlyings of the Tokens, may be restricted to specific trading windows 
available on the relevant securities/commodities exchange. Therefore, the Issuer may not be able to buy or 
sell Underlyings outside of exchange market hours in the necessary quantities, or at all. This restriction 
could limit the Issuer's ability to ensure the Underlying coverage and might make the Issuer and the 
Investors vulnerable to price movements and volatility on the markets. Additionally, the Issuer may choose 
to limit issuance and redemption to once per trading day, in the form of end-of-day market price. In such a 
case, the respective purchase or sale price would depend on the price at market close and not at the time of 
arrival of request to the Issuer. 
Materiality: Low

--- Page 19 ---
- 13 - 
 
Risks relating to the Offer to the Public 
Limited Liquidity and Trading Volume 
There is no guarantee for the liquidity of the Tokens offered via secondary markets to retail and institutional 
Investors alike. The volume of Tokens traded on secondary markets may be highly limited, which can have 
a negative effect on the market price of the Tokens. Therefore, it may be extremely difficult for Investors 
to buy and/or sell the Tokens in a short period of time (without its price being negatively affected or any 
comparable event). Furthermore, it is to bear in mind that the Issuer may only be permitted in some 
jurisdictions to offer Tokens to professional Investors ("Professional Investors"). Regulated and 
supervised banks, securities firms and insurance companies may offer Tokens to Professional Investors and 
Investors not qualifying as Professional Investors ("Retail Investors"). 
Materiality: High 
General Regulatory and Legal Risks 
Dependence on Authorizations 
A public offer of the Tokens may depend on a relevant approval of the competent authorities in the relevant 
jurisdictions. Any change to such relevant requirements, the regulations of the Tokens, or acceptance of 
tokenized securities could adversely impact the offering of the Tokens and therefore the main revenue 
source of the Issuer's business. 
Materiality: High 
KYC and Sanctions Compliance 
The Issuer is directly responsible for know-your-customer procedures and documentation in accordance 
with AMLA and Sanctions Regulations ("KYC") of direct Investors, whereas sanctions regulations mean 
Liechtenstein sanctions regulations, and any other sanctions regulations in the Issuer's sole discretion 
("Sanction Regulations"). However, the Issuer is not responsible for KYC/AML of Investors purchasing 
the Tokens on secondary markets, on which the Tokens might be traded. The Issuer has no influence on the 
compliance system of third party platforms on which the Tokens may be traded. However, the Issuer takes 
reasonable efforts to establish and verify counterparty identities, understand the nature of counterparties 
and customer activities through its KYC procedures and tries to ascertain the legitimacy of counterparty 
funds, where possible. 
In view of the Issuer's compliance requirements with regard to KYC, there is the risk that an Investor 
purchasing the Tokens on secondary markets will not meet such KYC requirements and therefore may not 
be able to redeem the Tokens. 
Furthermore, there are stringent rules concerning tokenized securities, among the Issuer's Authorized 
Participants and other service providers, such as crypto platforms, administrators and Custodians. Any 
breach of compliance processes of such exchanges or service providers could have a material adverse effect 
on the Issuer's core business and its reputation. 
Materiality: Medium 
Taxation 
Depending on the Investor's country of residence, holding the Tokens may have tax implications, such as 
value-added tax or capital gains tax. Investors are advised to consult with their tax advisors as to their 
specific consequences. Therefore, Investors should consider whether such tax liabilities apply when 
investing in the Tokens. Each Investor will assume and be solely responsible for all taxes of any jurisdiction,

--- Page 20 ---
- 14 - 
 
including central government or local state taxes or other like assessments or charges which may be applied 
in respect of the Tokens. 
The tax considerations contained in this Prospectus reflect the view of the Issuer based on the legislation 
applicable at the date of this Prospectus. It cannot, however, be ruled out that the tax treatment by the tax 
authorities and courts could be interpreted differently or could be subject to changes in the future. 
Additionally, the tax considerations contained herein are in summary form and may not be used as the sole 
basis for the decision to invest in the Tokens from a tax perspective, since the individual situation of each 
Investor must also be considered. Accordingly, the considerations regarding taxation contained in this 
Prospectus do not constitute any sort of material information or tax advice nor are they in any way to be 
construed as a warranty with respect to specific tax consequences. 
According to the Terms and Conditions, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding securities at anytime, inter 
alia, for certain tax reasons. Accordingly, Investors should consult their personal tax advisors before making 
any decision to purchase securities in the Tokens and must be aware of and be prepared to bear the risk of 
a potential early redemption due to tax reasons. 
Materiality: Medium

--- Page 21 ---
- 15 - 
 
CONSENT TO USE THE PROSPECTUS 
The Authorized Participant and/or each further financial intermediary subsequently reselling or finally 
placing Tokens – if and to the extent this is so expressed in the Final Terms relating to a particular series 
of Tokens – is entitled to use the Prospectus in Liechtenstein or such other Member State whose competent 
authorities have been notified of the approval of this Prospectus, for the subsequent resale or final placement 
of the relevant Tokens during the respective offer period (as determined in the applicable Final Terms), 
provided however, that the Prospectus is still valid in accordance with Article 12 Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information given in the Prospectus also with respect to such 
subsequent resale or final placement of the relevant Tokens. 
Such consent for the subsequent resale or final placement of Tokens by the financial intermediaries may be 
restricted to certain jurisdictions and subject to conditions as stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Prospectus may only be delivered to potential investors together with all supplements published before 
such delivery. Any supplement to the Prospectus is available for inspection in electronic form on the website 
of the Issuer. 
When using the Prospectus, the Authorized Participant and/or relevant further financial intermediary must 
make certain that it complies with all applicable laws and regulations in force in the respective jurisdictions. 
In the event of an offer being made by the Authorized Participant and/or a further financial 
intermediary, the Authorized Participant and/or the further financial intermediary shall provide 
information to investors on the terms of the offer at the time of that offer. 
The Authorized Participant and/or further financial intermediary using the Prospectus has to state 
on its website that it uses the Prospectus in accordance with this consent and the conditions attached 
thereto.

--- Page 22 ---
- 16 - 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS AND REASONS FOR THE OFFER 
The Token offerings under the Programme make use of ledger-based securities (i.e. securities in the form 
of tokens on a distributed ledger or blockchain), which are designed to track the performance of specific 
governmental or corporate debt serving as Underlying. Therefore, the Tokens are backed by the Underlying 
at 100 per cent. of their aggregate principal amount.  
The Issuer will use the proceeds of the offering (i) to refinance the prior purchase of the Underlying, (ii) to 
pay the fees and costs of the service providers in connection with creating, launching, issuing, redeeming, 
and providing all further services for the Tokens, and (iii) to finance its own existing and future business 
activities. If, in respect of any particular Series of Tokens, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, 
this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 23 ---
- 17 - 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
General 
Under this Programme, the Issuer may from time to time issue Tokens to one or more Investors. The Tokens 
are designed to track the performance of specific governmental or corporate debt serving as Underlying. 
The Tokens are backed by the Underlying at 100 per cent. of their aggregate principal amount. Interest 
payments which the Issuer receives on the Underlying for any outstanding Token are streamed to the 
Investors less a margin (if and as specified in the relevant Final Terms). The Tokens will be redeemed by 
payment of a cash amount or by physical delivery, if applicable. The redemption amount for the Tokens is 
calculated based on the current market price of the Underlying fixed on a daily basis minus fees and 
currency adjustments, if necessary. If applicable, Tokens can also be redeemed at the sole discretion of the 
Holder by physical delivery of the Underlying and, where applicable, payment of an adjustment amount.  
Such Tokenization of the Underlying has several major advantages compared to the use of the original 
underlying security in a conventional form, such as certificated securities, uncertificated securities or book-
entry securities. One major advantage is e.g. that ledger-based securities can be traded 24 hours per day, 7 
days per week. Another advantage is that secondary markets for such ledger-based securities are inherently 
global, as opposed to national markets where conventional securities are traded. A third advantage lies in 
the direct control of the ledger-based security by the Investor, as it may be held in an unhosted respectively 
non-custody wallet, which the Investor has exclusive access to. 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of the Tokens at any time outstanding under the Programme is 
unlimited. 
The Issuer acquires the Underlying in the amount of 100 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the 
Tokens and transfers the Underlying to the custody account with the Issuer’s custodian. Subsequently, the 
Issuer generates the Tokens in its own interest. Subsequently, the Issuer in its capacity as Tokenizer creates 
in its own interest Ledger-based Securities evidencing the Tokens (without activation) by referencing or 
attaching the information contained in Terms and Conditions and Final Terms to the Ledger-based 
Securities evidencing the Tokens. 
Tokens may be issued to one or more Investors. Tokens may be distributed by way of public offerings and, 
in each case, on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The method of distribution of each Series of Tokens 
will be stated in the Final Terms. Tokens may be offered to non-qualified and/or qualified investors. 
Tokens may be issued on a continuous basis in Series of Tokens, each Series of Tokens consisting of Tokens 
which are identical in all commercial respects. One or more Series of Tokens, which are expressed to be 
consolidated and forming a single series and identical in all respects, but having different issue dates and 
issue prices may form a series ("Series") of Tokens. Further, Tokens may be issued by way of a tap issue 
as part of existing Series. The specific terms of each Series of Tokens will be set forth in the Final Terms. 
Tokens will be issued in such denominations and currencies as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Investor and as indicated in the Final Terms. Tokens may be issued at an issue price which is at 
par or at a discount to, or premium over, par, as stated in the Final Terms. 
Legal Structure of the Programme 
Overview 
The following parties and documents are part of the Programme:

--- Page 24 ---
- 18 - 
 
 
Tokenizer 
Mimo Capital AG will act as Tokenizer which provides tokenization services for the purpose of issuing 
Tokens under the Programme. Tokenization means the legal linking of a (transferable) obligatory or real 
legal position with a token, on the basis of which this legal position can be asserted and transferred 
exclusively by the person entitled to the token over the distributed ledger/blockchain infrastructure. Tokens 
can be described as data or information units stored in a smart contract distributed ledger serving as 
securities ledger ("Securities Ledger"). 
Under Liechtenstein law, tokenization of existing securities is being done by directly creating and issuing 
ledger-based security tokens ("Ledger-based Securities" or "Registerwertrechte"). The Tokenizer will, 
inter alia, provide the following services ("Tokenization Services"): 
(a) 
Mint the Tokens in the network as Ledger-based Securities in accordance with specifications 
reflecting the commercial structure of the respective Series of Tokens to be issued under the 
Programme as offered by the Issuer in the Prospectus and the respective Final Terms; 
(b) 
Safeguard the Tokens until required by the Authorized Participant, if applicable; 
(c) 
Deliver the Tokens when required and, if applicable, as instructed by the Authorized Participant, 
to Investors; 
(d) 
Receive and cancel (“burn”) the Ledger-based Securities evidencing the Tokens in the register in 
case of redemption, as required by the Issuer in its sole discretion; 
(e) 
Develop and deploy smart contracts on different supported blockchains as required for the purpose 
of issuing and maintaining the Tokens; 
(f) 
Conduct security audits of blockchain smart contracts and provide transparency through 
independent third parties such as auditors on the backing of the tokens by the relevant Underlying; 
(g) 
Provide ongoing support of the blockchain network used for the Tokens;

--- Page 25 ---
- 19 - 
 
(h) 
Design and develop a web platform and SDK for issuance and redemption procedures as well as 
interfacing such web platform and app to the other service providers as required and described in 
this Prospectus, as the case may be; 
(i) 
Design and develop an administration platform for the Issuer to overview the status of the 
tokenized Underlyings; and 
(j) 
Monitor the Tokens on the blockchain. 
Authorized Participant(s) Function 
Authorized Participants may offer the Tokens to Investors, i.e. to Professional Investors and, if the 
Issuer is restricted by applicable law in some jurisdictions, to Retail Investors. They may also act as 
Market Makers by buying and selling Tokens from and to Investors on an OTC basis or through other 
trading venues. However, Market Makers do not necessarily need to be Authorized Participants.  
 
A person or legal entity qualifies only as an Authorized Participant ("Authorized Participant") if it is  
(i) a credit institution authorised in accordance with Directive 2013/36/EU, (ii) an investment firm 
pursuant to Art. 4 (1) Directive 2014/65/EU (MiFID II), (iii) an insurance undertakings or undertakings 
carrying out the reinsurance and retrocession activities referred to in Directive 2009/138/EC, or (iv) a 
non-EU institution being supervised in an equivalent manner, approved and engaged by the Issuer (in 
its absolute sole discretion) for the offering of one or several Series of Tokens to Retail Investors and/or 
Professional Investors. 
 
An Authorized Participant must have entered into an Agreement with the Issuer, specifying the rights 
and obligations of the Authorized Participant in the context of application and redemption of Tokens 
("Authorized Participant Agreement"). 
 
With reasonable efforts, the Issuer will ensure that at all times for the duration of an offering to Retail 
Investors, there is at least one Authorized Participant, if required in the relevant offer jurisdiction. 
 
If the relevant offer jurisdiction requires, only Authorized Participants will offer Tokens to Retail 
Investors. The Tokens may be offered to Professional Investors by Authorized Participants or the Issuer. 
 
The Investors may freely (re-)sell the Tokens in the secondary market to third parties or to Authorized 
Participants in accordance with the Terms and Conditions. 
 
For each Token, the Issuer will specify the respective Authorized Participant(s), if any, in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
 
Custodian(s) 
The Custodian is a custodian bank of the Issuer which provides the accounts to which the Underlyings 
are credited upon purchase by the Issuer. Further, the Custodian holds cash amounts and other assets 
received by the Issuer in connection with the purchase and selling of the Underlyings and is responsible 
for all matters in connection with actions in the Underlyings.  
 
The Issuer may enter into agreements with the respective Custodian for the respective Token. 
 
Bank Frick & Co. AG (“Bank Frick”), a custodian regularly used by the Issuer, is a company 
incorporated under the laws of Liechtenstein with its business address in Landstrasse 14, 9496 Balzers, 
Liechtenstein and licensed under the laws of Liechtenstein by FMA as a securities firm. Bank Frick 
will be acting as Custodian for those Underlyings indicated by the respective Final Terms of the relevant 
Tokens. The Issuer can also appoint other licensed parties for the role as Custodian for Tokens as 
indicated in the Final Terms. 
 
Custody of the Tokens purchased by the Investors is in the sole responsibility of the Investor. The Issuer

--- Page 26 ---
- 20 - 
 
is not obliged to provide for a custody offering for the Investor. 
 
In general, the Issuer and any Custodian shall enter into a Custody Agreement according to general 
market standards for custody services ("Custody Agreement"). Such Custody Agreement shall set out 
the principal terms on which the Custodian is appointed to act as Custodian in respect of the Tokens 
issued under the Program and sets out the duties and obligations of the Custodian in relation to holding 
all assets that the Issuer delivers to the Custodian in a separate account set up for the Issuer. The Custody 
Agreement sets out the conditions for the appointment of the Custodian and termination of the 
agreement (by either party to the agreement after giving prior written notice to the other party in written 
form). 
 
Any Custody Agreement applies, inter alia, to deposits and assets held in the securities account by the 
Custodian. The Custodian shall provide for one main account for the Issuer with a sub-account for each 
Underlying and Token. The Custodian will handle the deposited assets with the customary care and 
diligence and is responsible on behalf of itself and its ancillary agents solely for direct losses and bears 
no liability in any event for consequential, third-party or special losses. The Custodian is neither 
allowed to do any securities lending nor any other proprietary transactions with the assets in the main 
and sub-accounts at all time. Subject to other contractual agreements, applicable periods of notice and 
mandatory statutory provisions, the Issuer may request that the deposited assets be surrendered or made 
available to it at any time, whereby normal delivery periods and hours of business are to be observed. 
The custodian shall have no right to assert any applicable rights of lien, retention or other rights to 
retain. Deposits are generally affected for an unlimited period and will not expire in the event of loss 
of capacity to act or bankruptcy on the part of the Issuer. The Custodian shall only be allowed to 
delegate its duties under the agreement to any third-party with the prior written approval of the Issuer. 
 
Broker 
A broker is any regulated securities broker regarding brokerage services in connection with buying and 
selling the Underlyings (a "Broker"). His role is to purchase and sell the Underlyings on the markets 
on instruction of the Issuer. 
 
Bank Frick will be acting as Broker for the Underlyings in respect of Tokens. The Issuer can also 
appoint other licensed parties for the role as Broker for Underlyings of Tokens as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms (with the sole Issuer's discretion to appoint another party). 
 
In general, the Issuer and any new Broker will enter into a market standard agreement regarding the 
provision of paying account(s) ("Brokerage Agreement"). The Brokerage Agreement applies, inter 
alia, to the purchase and sale of the Underlying(s) of the Tokens as well as FX conversion 
transactions and other FX hedge transactions (defined within the agreement as "Brokerage 
Transactions") by using the custody accounts and transactional accounts. Such brokerage 
transactions are usually executed on an execution-only basis. In executing orders for the purchase 
and sale of Underlyings and other assets, the Broker regularly acts as a commission agent or self-
contracting party for the Issuer. The standard practices of the stock exchange and trading platform in 
question and/or the regulations of the respective issuers and business partners apply. Payment in full 
for executed brokerage transactions pursuant to the Brokerage Agreement is usually due on the date 
indicated as settlement date on the execution confirmation. With regard to losses resulting from 
failures or delays in executing instructions or orders (excluding stock exchange orders), the Broker 
is solely responsible for the loss of interest, save for where the Broker was notified of the impending 
risk of further losses in the specific individual case. In the case of stock exchange orders, the Broker 
is not responsible for errors and omissions on the part of its agents. 
 
Paying Account Provider Function 
The role of the Paying Account Provider is to provide one or several Paying Accounts to the Issuer

--- Page 27 ---
- 21 - 
 
in order to enable the Issuer to: 
(a) 
receive FIAT currency or any other currency in the discretion of the Issuer from Investors in the 
event of an issuance of the Tokens as set out in the Terms and Conditions; 
(b) 
disburse FIAT currency or any other currency in the discretion of the Issuer to Investors in the 
event of a redemption of the Tokens as set out in the Terms and Conditions; 
(c) 
hold cash balance in the period between the liquidation or sale, respectively, of the Underlying and 
the return of the cash to Investors. 
(together, the "Paying Account Provider Functions"). 
 
Bank Frick & Co. AG, Landstrasse 14, 9496 Balzers is a company incorporated under the laws of 
Liechtenstein and registered in the commercial register of Liechtenstein and licensed under the 
Banking Act by the Financial Market Authority as a securities firm. Bank Frick & Co. AG will be 
acting as Paying Account Provider for those Tokens indicated by the respective Final Terms. The Issuer 
can also appoint other licensed parties as Paying Account Provider for Tokens as indicated in the Final 
Terms. 
 
In general, the Issuer and the respective Paying Account Provider will enter into a market standard 
agreement regarding the provision of paying account(s) ("Paying Account Provider Agreement"). 
The Paying Account Provider shall provide for one main account for the Issuer with sub-accounts for 
different currencies and/or for each Series of Tokens as agreed between the parties. Such transactional 
accounts are limited to services and assets in connection with the settlement of the securities trading. 
 
Market Maker(s) 
The Issuer has the right but no obligation to appoint Market Makers in their capacity as Stabilizing 
Manager(s) for any Series of Tokens. The Market Maker provides market making services, including 
bid and ask prices for the Tokens, next to adequate liquidity with regard to all Tokens of the relevant 
Series. The respective Market Maker(s) for each Token (if any) is/are specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (with the sole Issuer's discretion to appoint another party). In case the Issuer makes use of its 
right to engage a Market Maker, it will enter into a customary Market Maker Agreement. 
 
Summary of the Issue Procedures and Redemption Process 
General 
The issuance and redemption of Tokens is a continuous process and is intended to ensure that Tokens 
have sufficient liquidity and that the price tracks the relevant Underlyings. Retail Investors may 
subscribe via issuance through the Issuer or, if required in the respective jurisdiction, an Authorized 
Participant and sell back their Tokens either via redemption through the Issuer or through selling the 
Token to an Authorized Participant who will redeem it to the Issuer. Investors may subscribe via 
issuance and sell back via redemption through the Issuer. 
The Issuer and the relevant investor will agree on the terms and conditions applicable to each particular 
Series of Tokens, which will be constituted by the relevant set of terms and conditions of the Tokens 
set forth below (the "Terms and Conditions") as completed by the provisions of the Final Terms as 
set out below. 
 
The practical steps involved in the issuance of Tokens are as follows: 
(a) 
Investor requests a pricing indication for a specified Token from the Issuer and, if acceptable, 
submits a request for proposal to Authorized Participant or Issuer. The Authorized Participant, if 
any, forwards the request for proposal immediately to the Issuer.

--- Page 28 ---
- 22 - 
 
(b) 
The Investor has to pass KYC procedures, if necessary, to be conducted at the Issuer's sole 
discretion. The Issuer has the right to reject any issuance request if there are negative findings or 
other material issues with the issuance. 
(c) 
Issuer and Investor enter into the Registration Agreement.  
(d) 
Issuer acquires the Underlying in the amount equivalent to the aggregate principal amount of the 
ordered Tokens (fractional Underlying is possible) and stores the Underlying in the custody 
account kept by the Custodian. Subsequently, the Issuer generated the Tokens in its own interest. 
The Issuer in its capacity as Tokenizer creates in its own interest Ledger-based Securities 
evidencing the Tokens (without activation) by referencing or attaching the information contained 
in the Terms and Conditions and the Final Terms to the Ledger-based Securities evidencing the 
Tokens. 
(e) 
On the closing date, the Issuer transfers the Tokens until 5:00pm CEST at the latest to the wallet 
specified by the Investor. 
 
There are no creation limits on the Tokens assuming sufficient liquidity in the capital markets in which the 
Underlying is purchased. 
Redemption Process 
If specified in the relevant Final Terms, each of the Issuer (“Issuer Call Option”) or the Investor (“Investor 
Put Option”) has the right to terminate a Token (in whole or in part) at its sole discretion at any time in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions. 
The practical steps involved in the redemption of Tokens are as follows: 
Issuer Call Option 
Investor Put Option 
Issuer to submit to the Investor a termination 
notice by email, publication on the Issuer’s 
website or other means specified in § 10 (Notices) 
of the T&Cs, specifying the series of Tokens 
subject to redemption, the aggregate principal 
amount of the Tokens to be redeemed and the Call 
Redemption Date. 
  
Investor requests a (non-binding) price indication 
as to the current conditions, including the 
redemption amount for a specific Token, from the 
Issuer. 
Issuer to provide (non-binding) price indication to 
Investor and, if applicable, requests from Investor 
any information required by the Issuer to perform 
its KYC procedure. 
Once Issuer has received all required documents, 
it performs KYC procedure in its discretion and 
informs Investor about the results of such KYC 
procedures, together with an updated (non-
binding) pricing indication if the indicative pricing 
changed. 
If acceptable, Investor to submit to the Issuer a 
notice by email, specifying the series of Tokens 
subject to redemption, the aggregate principal 
amount of the Tokens to be redeemed, the Put 
Redemption Date, if specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, whether the redemption shall be settled is 
cash or by physical delivery and Investor’s account 
details. 
Investor to transfer the Tokens subject to redemption to the Issuer two Business Days prior to the Put 
Redemption Date or Call Redemption Date, respectively. 
On the Put Redemption Date or Call Redemption Date, respectively, the Issuer: 
(i) 
in its capacity as Tokenizer to burn the Token received by the Investor, as applicable;

--- Page 29 ---
- 23 - 
 
(ii) 
in case of a cash settlement, in its sole discretion opts to liquidate the Underlying in the 
Underlying account relating to the Tokens in the same amount as the redeemed Tokens 
or keep the Underlying in its own security accounts; 
(iii) 
in its capacity as Calculation Agent, calculates the (binding) redemption amount to be 
paid out to the Investor or the Authorized Participant, and, in case of physical 
settlement, the physical delivery amount and adjustment amounts, if any; 
(iv) 
in case of cash settlement, instructs the Paying Account Provider to pay the redemption 
amount (i.e. the current market price of the Underlying fixed on a daily basis minus 
fees and currency adjustments, if applicable) to the Investor or Authorized Participant 
on the Put Redemption Date or Call Redemption Date, respectively 
(v) 
in case of physical settlement, instructs the Custodian to transfer Underlyings in the 
physical delivery amount to the account of the Investor and instructs the Paying 
Account Provider to pay any adjustment amount to the Investor or Authorized 
Participant, both on the Put Redemption Date.

--- Page 30 ---
- 24 - 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE TOKENS 
General 
Under this Programme, the Issuer may from time to time issue Tokens to one or more Investors. The 
Tokens are designed to track the performance of specific governmental or corporate bonds serving as 
Underlyings. Therefore, the Tokens are backed by the Underlying at 100 per cent. of their aggregate 
principal amount.  
Type and Class of the Offered Tokens 
The Tokens offered by the Issuer to Investors are tokenized governmental or corporate bonds which 
can be characterized as derivative financial instruments. 
The Tokens evidence Investor’s rights in accordance with an agreement between the Issuer and the 
Investor. They are being issued in the form of book-entry securities (Wertrechte) pursuant to § 81a of 
the Liechtenstein Persons and Companies Act (PGR), and created by the Issuer by means of a 
registration entry in a smart contract-based securities ledger (Securities Ledger). The Tokens may be 
exercised and transferred freely to others only via entries in the Securities Ledger. The Securities 
Ledger serves as the source of proof in relation to transfer records.  
Tokens are primarily targeted at Investors that expect the value of the Underlying to increase. 
Through the Tokens, Investors can participate in the performance of the Underlying. Furthermore, the 
price movement of any Token offered reflects any price movement of the respective Underlyings nearly 
1:1, whereby the entitlement of the Investors will be reduced and/or adjusted by fees or margins, as set 
out in the relevant Final Terms. The resulting value will further be adjusted by the applicable fees of 
third parties, tracking errors from foreign currency hedging and conversion ratios as the Underlying of 
the Tokens are traded in a differing currency ("Underlying Currency"), which may not be the 
Settlement Currency. Calculation Agent is responsible for calculating the redemption amount, the 
physical delivery amount (if any) and any adjustment amount of the Tokens in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions. 
The Tokens are open-ended. This means these Tokens do not have a predetermined fixed maturity date, 
but can be terminated at the option of the Investor or the Issuer at any time, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
 
The international security identification number ("ISIN") for the respective Tokens will be indicated 
in the respective Final Terms. In general, the securities offered are Ledger-based Securities. It describes 
a right in accordance with an agreement between the parties which is registered in a distributed ledger 
serving as securities ledger ("Securities Ledger") and may be exercised and transferred freely to others 
only via this Securities Ledger. Thus, the securities are neither in certificated nor in book-entry form 
but in tokenized form. 
 
The Securities Ledger serves as the source of proof in relation to transfer records. The Issuer will 
publish a link to the record of transaction for each Token on its Website: https://mcag.mimo.capital. 
Legislation under which the Tokens have been created 
The Tokens have been created under the laws of Liechtenstein. Therefore, the Tokens are governed by 
and shall be construed in accordance with Liechtenstein law, without reference to principles of conflicts 
of law rules.

--- Page 31 ---
- 25 - 
 
Total Amount of the Offer 
The total amount of the offer for a specific Series of Tokens will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Issue Price of the Tokens 
The Issue Price of the Tokens will be calculated (a) either as the sum of (i) the market price as indicated 
by the bid price of the Underlying specified on a binding quotation received by email from the 
Underlying Quotation Source at the relevant time (ii) the Issuance Fee (iii) and making currency 
adjustments, if applicable, or (b) as the present value of the principal amount of the Tokens to be 
redeemed plus expected interest payments under the Underlying less the margin, if any. The interest 
rate used to determine this present value is the risk free market rate represented by the bund rate plus 
a margin. 
Currency 
The currency of the securities offered by the Issuer will be specified in the respective Final Terms. 
Relative Seniority of the Tokens in the Issuer's Capital Structure 
The Tokens represent a senior unsecured, non-subordinated debt of the Issuer. The liabilities of the 
Issuer under the Tokens shall rank in right and priority of payment at all times until the Tokens have 
been fully redeemed senior to all current and future liabilities of the Issuer under any other bonds, loans, 
guarantees and any other financial indebtedness. 
Rights attached to the Tokens 
The Tokens are designed to track the performance of specific governmental or corporate debt serving 
as Underlying. The Tokens are backed by the Underlying at 100 per cent. of their aggregate principal 
amount. Interest payments which the Issuer receives on the Underlying for any outstanding Token are 
paid to the Investors less a margin (if any) within 5 Business Days upon reception of such amounts on 
the accounts of the Issuer or on the redemption date of the Tokens, all as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.  
The Tokens will be redeemed by payment of a cash amount or by physical delivery of the Underlying, 
if specified in the relevant Final Terms. In case of cash settlement, the redemption amounts for the 
Tokens are calculated based on the current market price of the Underlying fixed on a daily basis minus 
fees and currency adjustments, if necessary. If specified in the relevant Final Terms, Tokens can also 
be redeemed by physical delivery of the Underlying at the sole discretion of the Holder and, where 
applicable, payment of an adjustment amount. Fractional delivery of the Underlying is excluded. 
The 
Issuer 
and 
each 
Investor 
in 
Tokens 
enter 
into 
a 
Registration 
Agreement 
(Registrierungsvereinbarung) ("Registration Agreement") which sets out the terms relating to the 
attributes of the Tokens as ledger-based securities, the effects, the rules of transfer and the process in 
case of loss of such ledger-based securities. 
Notably, Investors’ rights under the Tokens are no shareholder-like rights. Therefore, Tokens do not 
grant any rights of attendance, dividend payments, other participation rights or voting rights at a general 
assembly of the Issuer or any issuers of Underlyings or other entities. The management of the Issuer is 
solely responsible for the actions of the Issuer.  
The Investors do not have any dividend, voting, pre-emption rights in offers for subscription of the 
Underlying or any right to share in the profits of an issuer of an Underlying, or any right in any surplus 
in the event of liquidation, also relating to the Underlying.

--- Page 32 ---
- 26 - 
 
The Investors in a Token are not entitled to any rights or claims to the Underlying aside from those 
described in the Terms and Conditions. If not specified in the relevant Final terms, physical delivery 
of the Underlyings is excluded and Investors' interests are settled in the relevant fiat currency and/or 
Cryptocurrencies in the event of a redemption. 
None of the Issuer, the Investors, the Custodian or the Paying Account Provider or any other person 
shall at any time have the right to affect or demand the conversion of Tokens (as Ledger-based 
Securities) into, or the delivery of, individually certificated securities ("Wertpapiere"). 
Procedure for the Exercise of those Rights 
The procedure for the Issuance and Redemption of the Tokens is further described in "General 
Description of the Programme - Summary of Token Issuance and Redemption Process". 
Restrictions on Transferability 
While the Tokens are freely transferable in general, any transfer of Ledger-based Securities such as 
the Tokens is subject to the Registration Agreement, TVTG, the rules of the Securities Ledger and 
requires the transfer of the securities via the Ledger. 
Any transfer of the entitlement to the securities other than by a transfer via the Securities Ledger is 
prohibited. 
The transferability of the securities by the Investors on the secondary market is not restricted. However, 
Investors must comply with the Selling Restrictions specified in this Prospectus. 
Tax Restrictions 
The Investors shall be warned that tax legislation, rules and fiscal practice of the authorities of the 
Investor's domicile, any member state of the EU/EEA and of the Issuer's country of incorporation may 
have an adverse impact on the income received from the Tokens. 
The tax treatment for each Investor depends on their specific tax situation. All Investors are advised to 
consult with their professional tax advisors as to the respective Swiss and other jurisdictional tax 
consequences of the purchase, ownership, disposition, lapse, exercise or redemption of securities (or 
options embedded therein) in light of their particular circumstances. 
According to clause "Taxation" of the Terms and Conditions, each Investor shall assume and be 
responsible for any and all taxes, duties, fees and charges imposed on or levied against (or which could 
be imposed on or levied against) such Investor in any jurisdiction or by any governmental or regulatory 
authority.

--- Page 33 ---
- 27 - 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE UNDERLYING 
General 
The Tokens are designed to track the performance of specific governmental or corporate bonds serving 
as Underlyings. Therefore, the Tokens are backed by the Underlying at 100 per cent. of their aggregate 
principal amount.  
The Underlying for each Series of Tokens issued under this Programme are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, in particular the type and class of governmental or corporate bonds, the specified 
currency, the legislation under which the Underlyings have been or will be created, the rights attached 
to it, any applicable transfer restrictions, any admittances to trading respectively listings. The 
respective Final Terms also contain an indication where information on the Underlying can be obtained 
by electronic means and whether it can be obtained free of charge, including the ISIN, information on 
past and future performance and the Underlying's volatility. Additionally, the Final Terms may define 
(re-)sales restrictions deviating from this Prospectus, in particular because of regulatory requirements 
for specific Underlyings or offer jurisdictions. 
Debt securities as Underlying 
According to Art. 4 para. 1 no. 44 MiFID II, transferable securities are among others bonds, including 
governmental or corporate bonds. The specific Underlying, the name of its issuing entity as well as its 
ISIN are described in the Final Terms. 
If specified in the relevant Final Terms, the market price of the Underlying is specified in a binding 
quotation received by email from the Underlying Quotation Source and determined by the Calculation 
Agent at the relevant time, all as specified in the Terms and Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, 
is exclusively relevant for the calculation of the value of the Underlying. 
If specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fair value of the Underlying can be determined by the 
Calculation Agent as the present value of the outstanding principal amount of the Tokens to be 
redeemed plus the remaining Token Interest Payments to the maturity date of the Underlying. The 
interest rate used to calculate this present value is the risk free market rate (here represented by the 
bund rate) plus a margin. 
Any interest payments of the Underlyings to the Issuer will be paid by the Issuer to Investors less as 
margin within 5 Business Days upon reception of such amounts on the accounts of the Issuer or on the 
redemption date of the Tokens, all if and as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The market value of the Tokens depends on the performance of the Underlying. Therefore, Investors 
may bear market risks similar to a direct investment in the relevant Underlying. The Underlying may 
be subject to major fluctuations and unfavourable price developments of the Underlying, including to 
a price close to zero in case of a default of the Underlying’s issuing entity. In such an event, Investors 
in the Tokens may suffer a total loss of their investment. 
Reference Sources 
The Underlyings are usually traded on exchanges, purchased and sold by the Broker on instruction of 
the Issuer. The market price of the Underlying will be determined by the Issuer based on a binding 
quotation received by email from the Underlying Quotation Source (as specified in the Final Terms or 
any substitute and/or successor of such Reference Sources). This will be determined as required by the 
Calculation Agent and, as the case may be, published on its website. 
If specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fair value of the Underlying can be determined by the 
Calculation Agent as the present value of the outstanding principal amount of the Tokens to be 
redeemed plus the remaining Token Interest Payments to the maturity date of the Underlying. The

--- Page 34 ---
- 28 - 
 
interest rate used to calculate this present value is the risk free market rate (here represented by the 
bund rate) plus a margin. 
Description of any Market Disruption Event that Affect the Underlying 
Generally, the reference price of the Underlyings as provided by the Reference Sources traded on an 
exchange may be subject to significant volatility. Such price fluctuations can occur suddenly and may 
even have severe effects (particularly, but not limited to gapping). As a consequence of technical or 
other incidents, trading of the Underlying may be suspended for a short or long period of time. In this 
case, it appears not to be possible to determine the reference price, liquidate positions and thus make 
pay-outs. These circumstances may significantly delay the redemption of the Tokens or stand in the 
way of successful settlement as such. 
A Market Disruption Event describes in relation to a single Underlying, the occurrence or existence of 
a suspension or a limitation on trading in or a limitation on the market price issued by Reference Sources 
(but for the avoidance of doubt, not merely a limitation on the hours and number of days of trading 
resulting from an announced change in the regular business hours of the relevant Underlying exchange) 
for the Underlying so that the price or value of the Token cannot be determined, announced or published 
or otherwise is not being made available on a Business Day relevant for the fixing, observation or 
valuation of such Underlying as determined by the Issuer in its duly exercised discretion. 
A business day means a day on which relevant clearing systems are open and securities can be settled, 
relevant commercial banks and custodians are open, banks in Liechtenstein are open, foreign exchange 
markets execute payments in the respective Settlement Currency and Underlyings of the relevant Token 
can be settled, and/or any other day, as specified in the Final Terms ("Business Day"). In such a case, 
it will be determined by the Issuer in its duly exercised discretion.

--- Page 35 ---
- 29 - 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE TOKENS 
The Terms and Conditions of the Tokens (the "Terms and Conditions") are set forth below. 
The Issuer may issue Tokens under the Prospectus, linked to Underlyings providing exposure for 
Investors to a range of governmental or corporate bonds. The following Terms and Conditions are 
applicable to all Tokens issued under the Programme. The Terms and Conditions shall be completed 
by and must be read in conjunction with the respective Final Terms belonging to the relevant Token. 
In case of inconsistencies between the Terms and Conditions and the Final Terms, the Final Terms 
shall prevail. 
Capitalized terms in the Terms and Conditions not defined in this section will have the meaning set out 
in the relevant Final Terms. Terms defined elsewhere in this Prospectus form an integral part of these 
Terms and Conditions. A reference table of all defined terms is set out in the section "Definitions" of 
this Prospectus. 
The Investors are deemed to have read and taken notice of the provisions of these Terms and Conditions 
and the Final Terms as well as the key elements of the Authorized Participant Agreement, the Custody 
Agreement, the Brokerage Agreement, the Paying Account Provider Agreement and the Market Maker 
Agreement (if any) as described in the Prospectus and the Final Terms. 
§ 1 
(CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM) 
(1) 
Currency; Denomination. This Series of Tokens (the "Tokens") of Mimo Capital AG ("Mimo 
Capital" or the "Issuer") is being issued in [Specified Currency] (the "Specified Currency") in 
the aggregate principal amount of [Aggregate Principal Amount] (in words: [Aggregate 
Principal Amount in words]) (the "Aggregate Principal Amount") in the denomination of 
[Specified Denomination] (the "Specified Denomination"). 
(2) 
Form. The Tokens are being issued in the form of book-entry securities (Wertrechte) pursuant to 
§ 81a of the Liechtenstein Persons and Companies Act (PGR), and created by the Issuer by means 
of a registration entry in a smart contract-based securities ledger which is for the purpose of the 
Tokens [Securities Ledger] (the “Securities Ledger”) serving as underlying system for the 
ledger-based securities (“Ledger-based Securities”) evidencing the Tokens. None of the Issuer, 
the Holders, the Custodian, the Paying Account Provider or any other person shall at any time 
have the right to affect or demand the conversion of Tokens (as Ledger-based Securities) into, or 
the delivery of, individually certificated securities ("Wertpapiere"). 
(3) 
Entitlement. The entitlement to the Tokens exclusively results from the entry in the Securities 
Ledger. The Issuer recognizes and acknowledges the person having the power of disposal over the 
Tokens reported by the Securities Ledger pursuant to Art. 5 and 8 of the Token and Trusted 
Technology Service Provider Act (“TVTG”) of Liechtenstein (a “Holder”) as the person 
exclusively entitled to claim and exercise any and all rights set out in these Terms and Conditions 
which are represented by the Tokens (“Represented Rights”). Definitive notes and interest 
coupons will not be issued. The Tokens are exclusively exercisable via the Securities Ledger and 
are subject to the terms and conditions of the underlying distributed-ledger protocol (System).  
(4) 
Transfer and Disposal. The Tokens are transferable by (i) any action that technically transfers 
the direct or indirect power of disposal over the ledger-based securities from one natural or legal 
person to another in accordance with the terms and conditions of the underlying distributed-ledger 
protocol (System), and (ii) complying with these Terms and Conditions. A disposal over the 
Tokens shall result in a disposal over the Represented Rights. A competing disposal over the 
Represented Rights is excluded.

--- Page 36 ---
- 30 - 
 
§ 2 
(TOKENIZATION) 
(1) 
Tokenization. The smart contract(s) representing the Securities Ledger have the following 
functionalities: 
minting: ability to create new or additional ledger-based securities 
burning: ability to destroy ledger-based securities by erasing a balance and reducing the 
supply when the Token is within the Issuer's wallet 
pausing: ability to stop all transfers of tokens 
 
The Issuer in its capacity as tokenizer (“Tokenizer”) shall exclusively execute: 
(a) 
The minting function in accordance with § 2 (Tokenization) of the Terms and Conditions; 
(b) 
the burning function only with regard to Ledger-based Securities held by itself; 
(c) 
the pausing function, if practicable. 
(2)  
Pause. The Issuer in its capacity as Tokenizer may pause all transactions related to the Ledger-
based Securities in case of any technological change, discovery of a vulnerability, or hack 
attempts, to ensure the functionality of the Securities Ledger (e.g. in case of a hard fork); such 
pause is limited to the time reasonably required to fulfill its purpose. 
 
§ 3 
(STATUS) 
The Tokens represent a senior unsecured, non-subordinated debt of the Issuer. The liabilities of the 
Issuer under the Tokens shall rank in right and priority of payment at all times until the Tokens 
have been fully redeemed senior to all current and future liabilities of the Issuer under any other 
bonds, loans, guarantees and any other financial indebtedness. 
§ 4 
(UNDERLYING INTEREST PAYMENTS) 
(1) 
Underlying Interest Payments. If specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall pay to 
the Holder the interest amount paid on the Underlying (“Underlying Interest Amount”) less a 
margin of [Margin] (the “Token Interest Amount”) on the Interest Payment Date.  
“Interest Payment Date” means, the date falling five (5) Business Days after the date on which 
the Issuer has received the Underlying Interest Amount, provided that if the relevant Final Terms 
specify [Interest Deferral] as applicable, Interest Payment Date means the earlier of the Call 
Redemption Date or Put Redemption Date, each as defined in §7 (Redemption), it being 
understood that no interest shall accrue on any outstanding Token Interest Amounts until such 
redemption date. 
(2) 
Interest Floor. If the Underlying bears a negative interest (i.e. the Issuer would have to pay 
negative interest on the Underlying without compensation), the Token Interest Amount is null.  
§ 5 
(PAYMENTS) 
(1) 
Manner of Payment. Subject to applicable fiscal and other laws and regulations, payments of 
amounts due in respect of the Tokens shall be made in [Settlement Currency] or any agreed form 
of fiat or cryptocurrencies. 
(2) 
Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the Holder.

--- Page 37 ---
- 31 - 
 
(3) 
Payment Business Day. If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Tokens is not a 
Payment Business Day then the Holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next such day in 
the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such 
delay. 
For these purposes, "Payment Business Day" means any day which is 
[In the case the Notes are not denominated in Euro the following applies: a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
in [relevant financial center(s)][.][and]] 
[In the case TARGET2 shall be open the following applies: a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which all relevant parts of the Trans European Automated Real time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer payment system (TARGET2) are operational to forward the relevant payment]. 
§ 6 
(UNDERLYING) 
The Tokens are backed by an underlying debt security (the “Underlying”) at 100% of their 
Aggregate Principal Amount. The Underlying is issued by [Issuer of Underlying] with ISIN 
[ISIN of Underlying], issued in [Specified Currency of Underlying] the current price of which 
is available from the Underlying Quotation Source (as defined in § 7 (Redemption) below). Any 
Underlying will be held and administered by the Issuer on one or several separate custody accounts 
for each Underlying held with the Custodian in accordance with the Custody Agreement.  
§ 7 
(REDEMPTION) 
(1) 
No Final Maturity. Unless previously redeemed in whole or in part or purchased and cancelled, 
the Tokens are perpetual (open ended) and have no final maturity date. In case of a redemption of 
the Underlying, the Tokens will remain until fully redeemed or purchased and burnt.  
 (2) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call). If specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Issuer may in its sole discretion and upon notice given in accordance with this provision, at 
any time repay all or some of the Tokens at the redemption date specified in the notice (the "Call 
Redemption Date") at the Redemption Amount (as defined below) without any accrued interest 
thereon. Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Holders in accordance with § 10 
(Notices). Such notice shall specify: 
(a) 
the series of Tokens subject to redemption; 
(b) 
whether such series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, if in part only, the 
aggregate principal amount of the Tokens which are to be redeemed; and 
(c) 
the Call Redemption Date, which shall be not less than [Minimum Notice to Holders] 
nor more than [Maximum Notice to Holders] days after the date on which notice is given 
by the Issuer to the Holders. 
In the case of a partial redemption, Tokens to be redeemed shall be selected in accordance with the 
rules of the relevant Securities Ledger. 
 (3) 
Redemption at the Option of the Holder (Investor Put). If specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and subject to the Issuer’s KYC approval of the Holder, the Holder may on its sole discretion and 
upon notice given in accordance with this provision, at any time request redemption of all or some 
of the Tokens held by it at the redemption date specified in the notice (the "Put Redemption 
Date") by:  
(a) 
cash payment at the Redemption Amount (as defined below) without any accrued interest; 
or

--- Page 38 ---
- 32 - 
 
(b) 
if specified in the relevant Final Terms, at the sole discretion of the Holder, physical 
delivery of the Underlying in the Physical Delivery Amount. and, where applicable, 
payment of Adjustment Cash Amount. Fractional delivery of the Underlying is excluded. 
“Physical Delivery Amount” means the Redemption Amount (as defined below) without 
any accrued interest, rounded down to the next whole deliverable unit of the Underlying, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Adjustment Cash Amount” means the Redemption Amount (as defined below) less the 
Physical Delivery Amount, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Notice of redemption shall be given by the Holder to the Issuer in accordance with § 10 (Notices). 
Such notice shall specify: 
(a) 
the series of Tokens subject to redemption; 
(b) 
the aggregate principal amount of the Tokens which are to be redeemed; 
(c) 
the Put Redemption Date, which shall be not less than [Minimum Notice to Issuer] nor 
more than [Maximum Notice to Issuer] days after the date on which notice is given by 
the Holder to the Issuer; 
(d) 
any information that the Issuer requires from the Holder for its KYC procedures; and 
(e) 
if specified in the relevant Final Terms, whether the redemption shall be settled in cash or 
by physical delivery; and 
(f) 
the details of Holder’s accounts to which settlement shall be made 
In the case of a partial redemption, Tokens to be redeemed shall be selected in accordance with the 
rules of the relevant Securities Ledger. It is understood that the redemption at the Option of the 
Holder on the Put Redemption Date shall be effective only in case of a positive KYC procedure, 
i.e. in case of KYC findings by the Issuer the Holder’s redemption is not effective. 
(4) 
Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. If specified in the relevant Final Terms and if as a 
result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of Liechtenstein (or in the event 
the Issuer becoming subject to another tax jurisdiction pursuant to § 8 (Taxation), the laws or 
regulations of such other tax jurisdiction) affecting taxation or the obligation to pay duties of any 
kind, or any change in, or amendment to, an official interpretation or application of such laws or 
regulations, which amendment or change becomes effective on or after the issue date of the 
Tokens, the Issuer is required to pay additional amounts on the next succeeding date on which 
Token Interest Payments pursuant to § 4 (Underlying Interest Payments) fall due, and this 
obligation cannot be avoided by measures available to the Issuer which are, in the judgement of 
the Issuer, in each case taking into account the interests of Holders, reasonable, the Tokens may 
be redeemed, in whole but not in part, at the option of the Issuer, at any time upon not more than 
45 days' nor less than 30 days' prior notice of redemption given to the Holder in accordance with 
§ 10 (Notices), on the redemption date (the "Call Redemption Date") at the Redemption Amount 
without interest accrued. 
(5) 
Early Redemption for Regulatory Reasons. If specified in the relevant Final Terms and if the 
Issuer is notified in writing by any authority competent under the laws or regulations of 
Liechtenstein to the effect that the Tokens are not, or cease to be, in full compliance with applicable 
law, the Tokens may be redeemed, in whole but not in part, at the option of the Issuer, at any time 
upon not more than 45 days' nor less than 30 days' prior notice of redemption given to the Holder 
in accordance with § 10 (Notices), on the redemption date (the "Call Redemption Date") at the 
Redemption Amount without interest accrued 
(6) 
Redemption Amount. The amount payable to the Holder upon redemption in accordance with 
this section shall, in case [Valuation Method] as specified in the relevant Final Terms is set to 
‘Market based Quotation’, the Market Price, or in case [Valuation Method] as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms is set to ‘Model based Quotation’, the Model Based Price, on the date falling 
two Business Days prior to the Redemption Date less fees of [Fees] plus any unpaid Token Interest

--- Page 39 ---
- 33 - 
 
Amounts which are due pursuant to § 4 (Underlying Interest Payments), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
“Redemption Date” means the Call Redemption Date (in case of an Issuer Call) or Put 
Redemption Date (in case of an Investor Put). 
“Market Price” means the bid price of the Underlying as specified on a binding quotation from 
the Underlying Quotation Source at around [Relevant Time] on the relevant date. 
 
“Underlying Quotation Source” means [Underlying Quotation Source] as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or any alternative quotation source which offers a bid price of the Underlying 
which is more favourable to the Holder, as selected by the Calculation Agent in its equitable 
discretion. 
(a) 
If the Underlying Quotation Source is not available or does not provide any quotation for 
the Underlying at the relevant time, the Underlying Quotation Source shall be (for the 
purpose of the determination of the Redemption Amount at the relevant time only) a credit 
institution of recognized standing, selected by the Calculation Agent in its equitable 
discretion, taking into account reasonable interests of the Holders. (“Alternative 
Quotation Source”)  
(b) 
If neither the Underlying Quotation Source nor the Alternative Quotation Source is 
available or does not provide any quotation for the Underlying at the relevant time, the 
Issuer shall sell the Underlying in an arms-length transaction and the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the Redemption Amount based on the actual purchase price received for 
the Underlying. 
It is understood that in case of a redemption or maturity of the Underlying, the Tokens will remain 
until fully redeemed or purchased and cancelled. In that case, the Redemption Amount will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent based on the last available quotation for the Underlying as of 
its redemption or maturity date of the Underlying (“Last Quotation”) received from the 
Underlying Quotation Source or Alternative Quotation Source, as the case may be, or, if no such 
Last Quotation is available from these sources, the Calculation Agent shall determine the Last 
Quotation in its equitable discretion. 
“Model Based Price” means the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent by discounting to 
the Redemption Date the sum of the principal amount of the relevant Tokens to be redeemed and 
the remaining Token Interest Payments to the maturity date of the Underlying on an annual basis, 
assuming a 365-day year or a 366-day year, as the case may be, and the actual number of days 
elapsed in such year and using the Reference Rate plus 30 basis points. 
“Reference Rate” shall be the yield to maturity at the Redemption Date of a direct obligation of 
the Federal Republic of Germany (Bund or Bundesanleihen) with a constant maturity (as officially 
compiled and published in the most recent financial statistics that have become publicly available 
at least two Business Days (but not more than five Business Days) prior to the Redemption Date 
(or, if such financial statistics are not so published or available, any publicly available source of 
similar market data)) most nearly equal to the period from the relevant Redemption Date to the 
maturity date of the Underlying; provided, however, that if the period from the relevant 
Redemption Date to the maturity date of the Underlying is not equal to the constant maturity of the 
direct obligation of the Federal Republic of Germany for which a weekly average yield is given, 
the Bund Rate shall be obtained by linear interpolation (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth of a 
year) from the weekly average yields of a direct obligation of the Federal Republic of Germany for 
which such yields are given, except that if the period from the relevant Redemption Date to the 
maturity date of the Underlying is less than one year, the weekly average yield on an actually traded 
direct obligation of the Federal Republic of Germany adjusted to a constant maturity of one year 
shall be used.

--- Page 40 ---
- 34 - 
 
§ 8 
(TAXATION) 
All payments made by the Issuer in respect of the Tokens to the Holders shall be made free and clear of, 
and without withholding or deduction for, any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature, unless 
such deduction or withholding is required by Liechtenstein law. In this case, the Issuer shall make the 
appropriate deductions and pay the amounts deducted to the relevant authorities with discharging effect vis-
à-vis the Holders. 
 
§ 9 
(FURTHER ISSUES, PURCHASES AND BURNING) 
(1) 
Further Issues. The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Holders, issue further 
Tokens of the same series having the same terms and conditions as the Tokens in all respects so 
as to form a single Series with the Tokens. 
(2) 
Purchases. The Issuer may at any time purchase Tokens in the open market or otherwise and at 
any price. Tokens purchased by the Issuer may, at the option of the Issuer, be held, resold or 
surrendered for cancellation. If purchases are made by tender, tenders for such Tokens must be 
made available to all Holders of such Tokens alike. 
(3) 
Burning. All Tokens redeemed in full shall be burnt forthwith and may not be reissued or resold. 
 
§ 10 
(NOTICES) 
(1) 
Notices of the Issuer. All notices of the Issuer to the Holders concerning the Tokens will be made, 
on the sole discretion of the Issuer, by means of electronic publication on the website of the Issuer 
(https://mcag.mimo.capital) or on the website of any trading venue on which the relevant Tokens 
are traded or by email directly to the Holder or by entry in the Securities Ledger relating to the 
Tokens. Any notice will be deemed to have been validly given to Holders on the third day 
following the date of such publication (or, if published more than once, on the third day following 
the date of the first such publication). 
(2) 
Notice of Holders. All notices of Holders to the Issuer concerning the Tokens will be made by 
means of electronic mail (email) to the following email address: tokenization@mimo.capital. Any 
notice will be deemed to have been validly given to the Issuer on the third day following the date 
of such notice transfer (or, if published more than once, on the third day following the date of the 
first such notice transfer). 
 
§ 11 
(MARKET EVENTS) 
(1) 
Market Disruption Event. If the Issuer, in its discretion determines that a Market Disruption 
Event has occurred and is continuing on a Business Day relevant for the fixing, observation or 
valuation of the relevant Underlying in the case of a single Underlying or components of an 
Underlying then the respective Business Day relevant for the fixing, observation or valuation of 
the relevant Underlying shall be postponed until the next following Business Day on which there 
is no such Market Disruption Event. 
If, in the sole opinion of the Issuer, a Market Disruption Event is continuing, then (i) the Business 
Day relevant for the fixing, observation or valuation and (ii) the value for that Underlying for such 
date shall be determined by the Issuer, in its duly exercised discretion and in accordance with 
established market practice, it being understood that for relevant Underlyings that are not affected 
by the Market Disruption Event the Business Day relevant for the fixing, observation or valuation 
of the Underlying shall continue to be the originally designated date.

--- Page 41 ---
- 35 - 
 
A “Market Disruption Event” means a suspension or a limitation on trading in the Underlying 
(but for the avoidance of doubt, not merely a limitation on the hours and number of days of trading 
resulting from an announced change in the regular business hours of the relevant Underlying 
exchange) so that the price or value of the Token cannot be adequately determined, announced or 
published or otherwise is not being made available on a Business Day relevant for the fixing, 
observation or valuation of such Underlying as determined by the Issuer in its duly exercised 
discretion. 
(2) 
Underlying illiquidity. Upon the occurrence of Underlying Illiquidity, 
(a) 
if the Issuer is unable to purchase the Underlying within the specified or reasonable 
timeframe in connection with the issuance of Tokens, the Issuer cancels the purchase order 
and transfers back the purchase price to the Investor; 
(b) 
if the Issuer is unable to sell/liquidate the Underlying in the same amount as the redeemed 
Tokens within the specified timeframe in connection with the redemption, the Calculation 
Agent may (re)calculate the relevant Redemption Amount based on the actual execution 
price (less transaction costs) as it was obtained on a best effort basis, as determined by the 
Issuer, instead of using the originally predefined fixing or value of the Underlying as 
specified by the Underlying Quotation Source.  
The Calculation Agent may postpone the determination (fixing) and/or the payment of the relevant 
redemption amount accordingly by such number of Business Days necessary to account for such 
prevailing market conditions as determined by the Issuer. 
“Underlying Illiquidity” means, in respect of any Underlying, low or no trading volume in the 
Underlying, the difficulty to buy and/or sell the Underlying or Underlying Components in a short 
period of time without its price being affected, or any comparable event that leads to an 
extraordinary illiquidity in any Underlying, as determined by the Issuer in its sole discretion. 
(3) 
Fork Event. Upon the occurrence of a Fork Event, the Issuer, in its sole discretion, will determine 
whether or not to participate in the Fork and which of the Fork's two resulting chains would be 
recognized, or if a different platform/protocol/blockchain for such purpose shall be used. 
The Issuer is not obliged to assess every Fork or event resulting in a Fork or to notify the Holder 
of any Fork or event resulting in a Fork. 
A “Fork Event” means an event in which an interlinked chain of blocks relating to a Securities 
Ledger is, at a certain block onwards, followed by two or more parallel and non-identical blocks, 
each generating a separated continuum of the original blockchain, possibly becoming the dominant 
version and thus obliviating all transactions recorded on the other possible chains. 
 
§ 12 
(AGENTS) 
(1) 
Appointment; Specified Office. The initial Paying Account Provider and the Calculation Agent 
and its initial specified office shall be: 
Paying Account Provider 
[Paying Account Provider] 
 
Calculation Agent 
[Calculation Agent] 
 
The Paying Account Provider and the Calculation Agent (each, an “Agent”) reserve the right at 
any time to change their respective specified offices to some other specified office in the same city. 
(2) 
Variation or Termination of Appointment. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of an Agent and to appoint a successor Agent. The Issuer shall at all 
times maintain each of the Agents in an EEA member state. Any variation, termination,

--- Page 42 ---
- 36 - 
 
appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be 
of immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days' prior notice thereof shall have 
been given to the Holders in accordance with § 10 (Notices). 
(3) 
Agent of the Issuer. The Paying Account Provider and the Calculation Agent act solely as the 
agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust 
for any Holder. It is understood, that the Issuer can act as Calculation Agent, if specified in the 
respective Final Terms. 
(4) 
Determinations of the Issuer. The Issuer will carry out all calculation and determination services 
which are not specifically assigned to the Calculation Agent. With regard to these services, the 
Issuer does not act as agent for the Holder and does not assume any obligation or duty to, or any 
relationship of agency or trust for or with, the Holder. All calculations, decisions and 
determinations made by the Issuer shall (save in the case of manifest error or wilful misconduct) 
be final and binding on the Holders and the additional services providers described in the 
Prospectus and the Final Terms. 
 
§ 13 
(EVENTS OF DEFAULT) 
(1) 
Events of Default. Each Holder shall be entitled to declare due and payable by notice to the Issuer 
in accordance with § 10 (Notices) its entire claims arising from the Tokens and demand immediate 
redemption thereof at the Redemption Amount, without accrued interest, in the event that: 
(a) 
the Issuer fails to pay any amounts due under the Tokens within 30 days from the relevant 
due date, or 
(b) 
the Issuer fails to duly perform any other material obligation arising from the Tokens and 
such failure continues unremedied for more than 30 days after the Issuer has received a 
request thereof in the manner set forth in § 10 (Notices) from a Holder to perform such 
obligation; or 
(c) 
the Issuer announces its inability to meet its financial obligations or ceases its payments 
generally; or 
(d) 
a court opens insolvency proceedings against the Issuer and such proceedings are 
instituted and have not been discharged or stayed within 90 days, or the Issuer applies for 
or institutes such proceedings; or 
(e) 
the Issuer enters into liquidation unless this is done in connection with a merger 
(Verschmelzung) or other form of transformation (Umwandlung) or other form of 
combination with another company and such company assumes all obligations contracted 
by the Issuer in connection with the Tokens; or 
(f) 
any governmental order, decree or enactment shall be made in or by Liechtenstein 
whereby the Issuer is prevented from observing and performing in full its obligations as 
set forth in these Terms and Conditions and this situation is not cured within 90 days. 
(2) 
No Termination. The right to declare Tokens due shall terminate if the situation giving rise to it 
has been cured before the right is exercised. 
(3) 
Quorum. In the events specified in subparagraph (1) (d), any notice declaring Tokens due shall, 
unless at the time such notice is received any of the events specified in subparagraph (1) (a), (b) 
and (d) through (f) entitling Holders to declare their Tokens due has occurred, become effective 
only when the Issuer has received such default notices from the Holders representing at least 25 
per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of Tokens then outstanding.

--- Page 43 ---
- 37 - 
 
§ 14 
(SUBSTITUTION) 
(1) 
Substitution. The Issuer (reference to which shall always include any previous Substitute Debtor 
(as defined below)) may, at any time, if no payment on any of the Tokens is in default, without 
the consent of the Holders, substitute for the Issuer any affiliate of the Issuer as the principal debtor 
in respect of all obligations arising from or in connection with the Tokens (any such company, the 
"Substitute Debtor"), provided that: 
(a) 
the Substitute Debtor assumes all obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Tokens; 
(b) 
the Substitute Debtor has obtained all necessary authorisations and may transfer to the 
Holders in the Specified Currency without being obligated to deduct or withhold any taxes 
or other duties of whatever nature levied by the country in which the Substitute Debtor or 
the Issuer has its domicile or tax residence, all amounts required for the fulfilment of the 
payment obligations arising under the Tokens; 
(c) 
the Substitute Debtor has agreed to hold harmless each Holder against any withholding 
tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge imposed on such Holder in respect of such 
substitution except as specified in §7 (Taxation); 
(d) 
the Substitute Debtor entered into the Security Agency Agreement; and 
(e) 
there shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent one opinion for each jurisdiction 
affected of lawyers of recognized standing to the effect that subparagraphs (a) through (d) 
above have been satisfied. 
 (2) 
Discharge from Obligations. References. Upon a substitution in accordance with this § 13 
(Substitution), the Substitute Debtor shall be deemed to be named in the Tokens as the principal 
debtor in place of the Issuer as issuer and the Tokens shall thereupon be deemed to be amended to 
give effect to the substitution including that the relevant jurisdiction in relation to the Issuer in § 
7 (Taxation) shall be the Substitute Debtor's country of domicile for tax purposes. Any such 
substitution, together with the notice referred to in subparagraph (3) below, shall, in the case of 
the substitution of any other company as principal debtor, operate to release the Issuer as issuer 
from all of its obligations as principal debtor in respect of the Tokens. 
(3) 
Notification to Holders. Not later than 15 Payment Business Days after effecting the substitution, 
the Substitute Debtor shall give notice thereof to the Holders in accordance with § 10 (Notices) 
and to any other person or authority as required by applicable laws or regulations. 
 
§ 15 
(APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF JURISDICTION AND ENFORCEMENT) 
(1) 
Applicable Law. The Tokens, as to form and content, and all rights and obligations of the Holders 
and the Issuer, shall be governed in every respect by Liechtenstein law. 
(2) 
Submission to Jurisdiction. The Court of Justice (Fürstliches Landgericht) in Liechtenstein shall 
have non- exclusive jurisdiction for any action or other legal proceedings ("Proceedings") arising 
out of or in connection with the Tokens. 
§ 16 
(LANGUAGE) 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the English language only.

--- Page 44 ---
- 38 - 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / [PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET] [RETAIL INVESTORS TARGET MARKET] – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Tokens has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Tokens is eligible 
counterparties[,] [and] professional clients [and retail clients], each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Tokens are appropriate [including 
investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]. [Consider any 
negative target market] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Tokens (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Tokens (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].]]  
 
[[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Tokens are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU as amended ("IDD"), where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 
June 2017 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Tokens or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Tokens or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation.]] 1 
 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - Unless the Final Terms in respect of any 
Series of the Tokens specify "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", the Tokens 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to, any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
● 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA;  
● 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of “retained EU law” by virtue of the EUWA;  
● 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of “retained EU law” by virtue of the EUWA and regulations made thereunder (the 
"UK Prospectus Regulation").  
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Tokens 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Tokens or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
Notwithstanding the above paragraph, in the case where the Final Terms in respect of any Series of the 
Tokens include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" but where the Issuer 
subsequently prepares and publishes a key information document under the UK PRIIPs Regulation in 
respect of such Tokens, then following such publication, the prohibition on the offering, sale or otherwise 
                                                          
1 
To be included in case "Prohibition of Sales to Retails Investors in the EEA" is selected to be "applicable" in Part II. A of the 
Final Terms.

--- Page 45 ---
- 39 - 
 
making available the Tokens to a retail investor in the United Kingdom as described in the above paragraph 
and in such legend shall no longer apply. 
 
[Date] 
FINAL TERMS 
Mimo Capital AG 
[Title of relevant Series of Tokens] 
Series: [●], Tranche [●] 
issued pursuant to the 
Token Issuance Programme 
Dated 10 October 2023 
 
Issue Price: [●] per cent. 
Issue Date: [●]2 
These are the Final Terms of an issue of Tokens under the Token Issuance Programme of Mimo Capital 
AG (the "Programme") which have been prepared for the purpose of Article 8 (5) in conjunction with 
Article 25 (4) of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 
2017, as amended. Full information on Mimo Capital AG and the offer of the Tokens is only available on 
the basis of the combination of the Prospectus dated 10 October 2023 [as supplemented by [a] 
Supplement[s] dated [●]] (the "Prospectus") and these Final Terms, which must be read in conjunction 
with each other. The Prospectus and any supplement thereto are available for viewing in electronic form 
on the website of Mimo Capital AG (https://mcag.mimo.capital) and copies may be obtained free of charge 
at the specified office of Mimo Capital AG, provided that, in the case of Tokens which are not listed on 
any trading venue, copies of the relevant Final Terms will only be available to Holders of such Notes. [Each 
potential investor should note that a summary relating to the specific issue of the Tokens is annexed to these 
Final Terms.]3 
[This Tranche of Tokens will be consolidated and form a single Series with [Title(s) of relevant Tranches 
of Tokens] on [●].]4 
Part I.: TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
This Part I. of the Final Terms is to be read in conjunction with the set of Terms and Conditions that apply 
to the Tokens set forth in the Prospectus (the "Terms and Conditions”) Capitalised terms not otherwise 
defined herein shall have the meanings specified in the Terms and Conditions. All references in this Part I. 
of the Final Terms to numbered paragraphs and subparagraphs are to paragraphs and subparagraphs of the 
Terms and Conditions. 
The blanks in the provisions of the Terms and Conditions, which are applicable to the Tokens shall be 
deemed to be completed with the information contained in the Final Terms as if such information were 
inserted in the blanks of such provisions. All provisions in the Terms and Conditions corresponding to items 
                                                          
2 
The Issue date is the date of payment and settlement of the Tokens. In the case of free delivery, the Issue Date is the delivery 
date. 
3  
Only required for Tokens with a denomination of less than EUR 100,000 or equivalent. 
4 
To be inserted in the case that the Tokens will be consolidated and form a single Series with one or several existing Tranches of 
Tokens (i.e. in case of a tap issue).

--- Page 46 ---
- 40 - 
 
in these Final Terms which are either not selected or not completed or which are deleted shall be deemed 
to be deleted from the Terms and Conditions applicable to the Tokens (the "Conditions"). 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM (§ 1) 
Currency and Denomination 
 
Specified Currency 
     [●] 
 
Aggregate Principal Amount 
     [●] 
 
Aggregate Principal Amount in words 
     [●] 
 
Specified Denomination 
[●] 
 
Securities Ledger5 
   
[Ethereum][Polygon][Fantom] 
[Binance Smart Chain]   
[Ethereum Rollups] [Velas]] 
[●] 
STATUS (§ 3) 
 
Status 
Unsecured, unsubordinated 
UNDERLYING INTEREST PAYMENTS (§ 4) 
 
☐ 
Underlying Interest Payments6 
 
        Margin 
 
[●] 
☐    Interest Deferral7 
 
 
 
PAYMENTS (§ 5) 
Settlement Currency 
☐ 
Specified Currency 
☐ 
Alternative Settlement Currency8 
     [●] 
Payment Business Day 
☐ 
Relevant Financial Center(s) 
[Liechtenstein][●] 
                                                          
5 
To specify the securities ledger used for the purpose of the Tokens, i.e. where the entries for the purpose of the Tokens will be 
made. 
6  
Set applicable in case interest payments of the Underlying shall be forwarded to the Holder less a Margin, i.e. the tokens bear 
the same interest as the Underlying less a margin. 
7  
Set applicable if Underlying interest payments shall be paid to Investors only upon final redemption of the Tokens. 
8  
In case redemption amount shall be paid in alternative currency (i.e. other than the specified currency of the Token in section 1), 
insert here alternative currency (e.g. any FIAT currency or cryptocurrency, as the case may be)

--- Page 47 ---
- 41 - 
 
☐ 
TARGET2 
 
UNDERLYING (§ 6) 
 
 
Issuer of Underlying 
 [●] 
 
ISIN of Underlying 
[●] 
 
Specified Currency of Underlying 
 [●] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
REDEMPTION (§ 7) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
[Applicable] 
[Not applicable] 
 
Minimum Notice to Holders 
 
[●] days 
 
Maximum Notice to Holders 
[●] days 
Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation9 
[Applicable] 
[Not applicable] 
 
Early Redemption for Regulatory Reasons10 
[Applicable] 
[Not applicable] 
Redemption at the Option of a Holder 
[Applicable] 
[Not applicable] 
 
Physical Delivery Option11 
[Applicable] 
[Not applicable] 
 
Minimum Notice to Issuer 
[●] days 
 
Maximum Notice to Issuer (not more than 60 days) 
[●] days 
Redemption Amount 
 
 
Relevant Time12 
[●] 
 
Fees13 
[[●] per cent.] [●] 
                                                          
9  
Only use ‘Applicable’ if there is no Issuer Call agreed with Investor. 
10  
Only use ‘Applicable’ if there is no Issuer Call agreed with Investor. 
11  
Use ‘Applicable’ if the Investor shall have the option to chose between cash settlement or physical delivery of the Underlying 
upon exercising its Holder Put Option. 
12  
Time (on the date two business days prior to the Redemption Date) on which the market price of the Underlying is obtained from 
the Underlying Quotation Source as a basis for calculating the redemption amount payable to Investor. Consider a time 
practicable for the Issuer and for the Underlying. 
13  
Fees to be deducted from the redemption amount payable to investors. If no fees shall be deducted, enter 0.

--- Page 48 ---
- 42 - 
 
 
Valuation Method14 
[Model Based Valuation]  
[Market Based Valuation] 
 
Underlying Quotation Source 
[Custodian][●] 
AGENTS (§ 11) 
Paying Account Provider 
Name and Specified Office 
 
[●] 
Calculation Agent 
 
        ☐     Issuer 
 
 
        ☐     Other 
 
                  Specified Office 
[●] 
 
                                                          
14  
Use ‘Market Based Valuation’ in case a market price is available from the Underlying Quotation Source (e.g. a quote from a 
reference bank). If no market price is available, use ‘Model Based Valuation’ in which case the present value is calculated.

--- Page 49 ---
- 43 - 
 
Part II.: ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
A. Essential information 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the Issue15 
[Not applicable] [specify details] 
Use of proceeds16 
[The Issuer will use the Proceeds to 
(i) refinance the prior purchase of 
the Underlying for the Tokens, (ii) 
pay the fees and costs of the service 
providers 
in 
connection 
with 
creating, 
launching, 
issuing, 
redeeming, and providing all further 
services for the Tokens, (iii) finance 
its own existing and future business 
activities.][specify details] 
[Estimated net proceeds17] 
[●] 
Eurosystem eligibility 
 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility 
No 
Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in 
the European Economic Area18 
[Applicable] 
[Not applicable] 
 
 
 
B. Information concerning the Tokens 
[Common Code 
[●]] 
ISIN 
[●] 
Interest payments 
[The Tokens do not bear 
interest][Interest payments of the 
Underlying received by the Issuer 
will be paid to Holders [less a fee 
of [●]]]. 
Rating 
[The Tokens are not rated.] [●] 
Calculation of Issue price  
[The Issue Price of the Tokens will 
be calculated as (i) the market price 
as indicated by the bid price of the 
Underlying specified on a binding 
quotation received by email from 
the Underlying Quotation Source 
(ii) plus the Issuance Fee (iii) and 
                                                          
15  
Use ‚Not applicable‘ without involvement of Authorized Participant. If Authorized Participant has certain specific interest, 
specify here. 
16 
See "Use of Proceeds" wording in the Prospectus. 
17 
If proceeds are intended for more than one use they will need to be split out and presented in order of priority. 
18  
The Tokens specify as ‘packaged products’ under PRIIPs Regulation. If no KID will be prepared, "Applicable" should be 
specified.

--- Page 50 ---
- 44 - 
 
making currency adjustments, if 
applicable. 
] 
Issuance Fee 
[[●] per cent.] [●] 
Total issue volume of the Series of Tokens 
[●] 
Resolutions, authorisations and approvals by virtue of 
which the Tokens will be created 
[The 
Tokens 
are 
issued 
in 
accordance with the resolution of 
the Issuer's management board 
dated [●]][Specify details] 
C. Information concerning the Underlying 
 
 
 
Issuer of the Underlying (name and addresses, LEI) 
[●] 
Description of the Underlying 
[The 
Underlying 
is 
a 
[governmental][corporate] 
bond. 
Information on the issuer’s rating 
and the past performance and future 
performance projections of the 
Underlying as well as regarding its 
volatility is generally available on 
the Issuer’s website [●]]19 
Rating 
[The Underlying is not rated.] [●] 
Additional Information 
[ISIN, Specified and Currency of 
the Underlying are specified in § 5 
(Underlying) above.] [●] 
Maturity Date of the Underlying 
[●] 
Initial Interest Rate of the Underlying 
[●] 
D. 
Distribution Method and Offeror 
 
Method of distribution 
☐ 
Self marketing of the Issuer 
[●] 
☐ 
Non-syndicated 
 
☐ 
Syndicated 
 
                                                          
19  
To insert link to relevant PRIIPS KID, if any, which contains such information or include a brief description of the Underlying 
here.

--- Page 51 ---
- 45 - 
 
Management Details 
Specify Authorized Participant(s) (names and addresses, LEI) 
[●][Not applicable] 
Interests of natural and legal persons involved in the issue/offer 
[So far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Tokens has an interest material to 
the offer.] [●] 
Commissions 
 
Base Fee (specify) 
[●] 
 
  
 
  
Stabilizing Manager(s) 
[insert details/None] 
Selling restrictions 
 
U.S. Selling Restrictions 
[●] [C Rules/D Rules] 
E. Listing(s) and admission to trading 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
☐ 
No admission to trading on any stock exchange 
☐ 
Other 
[●] 
Date of admission 
[●] 
Estimate of the total expenses related to admission to trading 
[●] 
 
F. Additional Information 
[Third Party Information 
With respect to any information included herein and specified to be sourced from a third party (i) the Issuer 
confirms that any such information has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is 
able to ascertain from information available to it from such third party, no facts have been omitted which 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading and (ii) the Issuer have not 
independently verified any such information and accept no responsibility for the accuracy thereof. Where 
third-party information is used herein, the source of such information is stated.] 
Mimo Capital AG 
 
 
 
[Name and title of signatory]

--- Page 52 ---
- 46 - 
 
MIMO CAPITAL AG AS ISSUER 
General Information 
Mimo Capital AG as Issuer is a Liechtenstein public limited company (Aktiengesellschaft), incorporated 
under and governed by the laws of Liechtenstein with its registered office in Alvierweg 17, 9490 Vaduz, 
Liechtenstein, trade register number FL-0002.584.786-1. The Company has been established for an 
unlimited period of time. 
The Company can be contacted under email tokenization@mimo.capital. The Company operates a website 
under: https://mcag.mimo.capital. The information on the website does not form part of this Prospectus unless 
that information is incorporated by reference into the prospectus. 
The Company's legal name is Mimo Capital AG, the commercial name is ‘Mimo Capital’. 
The Company is registered as token issuer under the TVTG by the FMA in Liechtenstein. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is: 254900E7ZUXDELL0LV43. 
Corporate History 
The Company was established at a meeting of the company members and registered in the commercial 
register of Liechtenstein on 6 July 2018, initially under the name of TenX Finance GmbH, a limited liability 
company (Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung) governed by the laws of Liechtenstein. By virtue of a 
meeting of the company members dated 3 November 2021, the Company was converted to a public limited 
company (Aktiengesellschaft) and renamed to ‘Mimo Capital AG’. 
Corporate Purpose 
Pursuant to Section 3 of the Company's articles of association (the "Articles of Association"), the corporate 
purpose of the Company is to provide services in accordance with the TVTG. The company may participate 
in other companies, acquire, hold and sell real estate in Liechtenstein and abroad, establish subsidiaries and 
branch offices in Liechtenstein and abroad and perform ancillary acts that the purpose of the company may 
entail. This includes the performance of all commercial, financial and other activities related to the purpose 
of the company. 
Principal Activities 
The Issuer's principal activity is the issuance of Tokens in the form of blockchain based cryptographic 
tokens in Liechtenstein and other jurisdictions against fees. The Tokens are backed by governmental or 
corporate bonds. For that purpose, the Issuer researches, identifies and designs Tokens fully backed by the 
underlying governmental or corporate bonds. The Tokens are digitally accessible to Investors. 
Principal Markets 
The Issuer plans to offer Tokens mainly in selected jurisdictions such as [Austria, Belgium, Republic of Cyprus, 
Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Iceland, Ireland, Luxembourg, Malta, The Netherlands, 
Norway, Portugal, Slovak Republic, Spain and Sweden]. The Issuer reserves the right to extend the offer to other 
countries within the EU and the European Economic Area ("EEA") in a later stage. 
Organizational and Shareholder Structure 
The Company is a direct subsidiary of DeCentral Pte. Ltd. with a portion of 100% in the Issuer’s share 
capital and DeCentral Holdings Pte. Ltd. with a portion of 100% in the share capital of DeCentral Pte. Ltd., 
both incorporated in Singapore. Mr. Paul Warrunthorn Kittiwongsunthorn directly holds 100% of the share 
capital and voting rights of DeCentral Holdings Pte. Ltd. The Company does not have any subsidiaries. The 
following diagram indicates such corporate structure:

--- Page 53 ---
- 47 - 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Share Capital 
As of the date of this Prospectus, the share capital of the Company amounts to EUR 350,000.00 and consists 
of 350,000 registered shares with restricted transferability, each with a nominal value of EUR 1.00. The 
Company's share capital has been fully paid up. The shares were created pursuant to Liechtenstein law. 
Statutory Auditors 
Grant Thornton AG, Bahnhofstrasse 15, P.O. Box 663, 9494 Schaan, Liechtenstein ("Grand Thornton"), 
was appointed as the Company's auditor for the fiscal years ended 31 December 2021 and 2022. 
Grand Thornton audited the Company's annual financial statements, which were prepared in accordance 
with the provisions of Liechtenstein law and its generally accepted accounting principles ("Liechtenstein 
GAAP") for the fiscal years ended 31 December 2021 and 2022, and issued an unqualified auditor's report 
(uneingeschränkter Bestätigungsvermerk) in each case. 
This Prospectus and the relevant Final terms of each Series of Tokens have not been and will not be audited 
or reviewed by Grand Thornton. 
For the period covered by the historical financial information contained in this Prospectus, Grand Thornton 
has not resigned, not removed and was not re-appointed as auditors of the Company. 
Financial Year 
The Company's fiscal year corresponds to the calendar year. 
Financial Information 
Parts of the audited financial statements of the Company as of and for the financial years ended 
31 December 2021 and 2022 which have been prepared in accordance with Liechtenstein GAAP are 
incorporated by reference into this Prospectus as more specifically set out under section “Documents 
incorporated by reference” below. 
Funding 
Initially, the Issuer is financed by its shareholder, DeCentral Pte. Ltd. In a second stage, the fees earned by 
the sale of the Tokens should cover the operational costs. 
DeCentral Holdings Pte. Ltd. 
100% 
DeCentral Pte. Ltd. 
100% 
Mimo Capital 
AG 
Mr. Paul Warrunthorn 
Kittiwongsunthorn 
100% 
Mimo Initiative 
Ltd. 
Mimo Europe 
UAB* 
TenX Pte. Ltd. 
Mimo Capital 
Ltd. 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
* In liquidation.

--- Page 54 ---
- 48 - 
 
For the incorporation of the Issuer, the necessary share capital of EUR 350,000.00 has been fully paid up. 
This amount is available for the Issuer to cover its initial operational costs until the Issuer’s operations and 
business activities are fully established and generate profits.  
The Issuer uses its own funds to acquire the Underlying in the amount of 100 per cent. of the aggregate 
principal amount of the Tokens. 
The Issuer contemplates to finance its business operations by (i) a surcharge on the issue price of the Tokens 
(ii) a deduction on the redemption amount; and/or (iii) a margin on interest payments which the Issuer has 
received and which will be forwarded on a pro rata basis to the Investors, in each case as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. The Issuer can and will hold in its own name and its own account securities. 
Therefore, it is the Issuer's right to make a profit by selling and purchasing securities. 
Trend Information 
The Issuer did not publish any profit forecasts or estimates. 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2022. 
No significant changes 
There has been no significant change in the financial or trading position of the Issuer since 31 December 
2022 (the end of the last financial period for which financial information has been published). 
There has been no significant change in the Issuer’s financial performance since 31 December 2022 (the 
date of the last published audited annual financial statement). 
There has been no material change in the Issuer’s borrowing and funding structure since 31 December 2022 
(the date of the last published audited annual financial statement). 
Credit Rating 
The Issuer and any Series of Tokens have no credit ratings. 
Executive and Supervisory Bodies of the Company 
Management Board 
Pursuant to the Articles of Association, the management board (Geschäftsführung) of the Company 
(“Management Board”) must consist of at least one person. The board of directors (Verwaltungsrat) of 
the Company (“Board of Directors”) determines the number of the members of the Management Board. 
Each member of the Management Board must be registered in the Liechtenstein Commercial Register 
(Firmenindex des Handelsregisters Liechtenstein). As of the date of this Prospectus, no person is registered 
as a member of the Management Board. As a result, the Board of Directors directly exercises the entire 
management function of the Company on a transitional basis. 
The members of the Management Board may be reached at the Company's office at Alvierweg 17, 9490 
Vaduz, Liechtenstein. 
Board of Directors 
Pursuant to the Company's Articles of Association, the Company's Board of Directors consists of at least 2 
members. As of the date of this Prospectus, the Board of Directors consists of 2 members.

--- Page 55 ---
- 49 - 
 
The members of the Board of Directors are: 
Dr. Stephan Ochsner (Chairman) 
Member of the board 
Further mandates: 
● 
Owner and chairman of Ochsner Consulting Establishment, a company offering compliance 
advisory and -training services.  
● 
Attorney at law admitted to the bar in Switzerland and Liechtenstein. 
 
Claude Pierre Equienta 
Member of the board 
Further mandates: 
● 
Director of Decentral Pte Ltd. 
 
The members of the Board of Directors can be reached at the Company's office at Alvierweg 17, 9490 
Vaduz, Liechtenstein. 
 
Conflicts of Interest 
Claude Pierre Equienta is a director of Decentral Pte Ltd., the sole shareholder of the Issuer.  
Other than that, the above mentioned members of the Management Board and the Board of Directors (Dr. 
Stephan Ochsner) do not have potential conflicts of interest between any duties to the Issuer and their 
private interests or other duties as of the date of this Prospectus. In particular, the above mentioned members 
of the Management Board and the Board of Directors do not have any principal activities performed by 
them outside the Issuer which are significant with respect to the Issuer. 
Major Shareholder 
The Company is a direct subsidiary of DeCentral Pte. Ltd. with a portion of 100% in the Issuer’s share 
capital. DeCentral Holdings Pte. Ltd. holds a portion of 100% in the share capital of DeCentral Pte. Ltd. 
Both are incorporated in Singapore. DeCentral Pte. Ltd. is a limited liability company with its registered 
address in 109 North Bridge Road, #05-136, Singapore 179097, Singapore.  
DeCentral Holdings Pte. Ltd. is a limited liability company with its registered address in 109 North Bridge 
Road, #05-136, Singapore 179097, Singapore. DeCentral Holdings Pte. Ltd is directly controlled by Mr. 
Paul Warrunthorn Kittiwongsunthorn who directly holds 100% of the share capital and voting rights of 
DeCentral Holdings Pte. Ltd. 
All of the Company's shares confer the same voting rights. 
Material Contracts 
The Issuer’s immediate holding company, DeCentral Pte. Ltd., and the Issuer entered into a shareholder 
loan agreement dated 1 June 2021. Certain repayment obligation of such shareholder loan in the aggregate 
amount of EUR 2,137,799 have been subject to a debt waiver dated 7 June 2022 under which DeCentral 
Pte. Ltd. unconditionally and irrevocably released and discharged the Issuer from such repayment 
obligations. 
Other than that, the Issuer did not enter into any contracts outside the ordinary course of business which 
could result in any member of the Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the 
Issuer's ability to meet its obligations under the Tokens vis-à-vis the Investors. 
Employees 
As of the date of this Prospectus, the Company has 6 employees/consultants including the members of its 
management board and Board of Directors.

--- Page 56 ---
- 50 - 
 
Litigation and arbitration 
There are no and there have been no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), for the previous 12 months 
which may have, or have had in the recent past significant effects on the Issuer's financial position or 
profitability. 
Documents Available 
For so long as any Tokens issued under this Programme are outstanding, electronic versions of the following 
documents are available on the Issuer's website: 
(i) This Base Prospectus and any supplement to this Base Prospectus; 
(ii) the 
articles 
of 
association 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(accessed 
by 
using 
the 
hyperlink: 
https://mcag.mimo.capital/legal/Mimo_Capital_AG_Certified_Articles_of_Association.pdf); 
(iii) the documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus (accessed by using the 
hyperlinks set out in the section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" below). 
This Base Prospectus, any document incorporated by reference and any supplement to this Base Prospectus 
will be published on the website of the Issuer (https://mcag.mimo.capital).

--- Page 57 ---
- 51 - 
 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
The Authorized Participant has represented, warranted and undertaken that it will comply to the best of its 
knowledge with all applicable laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, 
sells or delivers Tokens or possesses or distributes the Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or 
permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Tokens under the laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, 
sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any other Authorized Participant shall have any responsibility 
therefor. 
The Authorized Participant has acknowledged that to the best of its knowledge, no action has been or will 
be taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of the Tokens, or possession or distribution 
of any offering material in relation thereto, in any country or jurisdiction where additional action for that 
purpose is legally required. 
With regard to each Series of Tokens, the Authorized Participant will be required to comply with such other 
additional restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree and as shall be set out in the Final 
Terms. 
United States of America (the "United States") 
With regard to each Series of Tokens, each Authorized Participant has acknowledged that the Tokens have 
not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within the United 
States except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act. 
Each Authorized Participant has represented, warranted and undertaken, that it has not offered or sold, and 
will not offer or sell, any Token constituting part of its allotment within the United States except in 
accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S under the Securities Act. Accordingly, each Authorized 
Participant has further represented, warranted and undertaken, that neither it, its affiliates nor any persons 
acting on its or their behalf have engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to any 
Token. 
The Tokens are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in transactions permitted by U.S. tax 
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States Internal 
Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Tokens within the 
United States by a dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. 
European Economic Area ("EEA") 
Unless the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Series of Tokens specify "Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
retail investors" as "Not Applicable", the Authorized Participant has represented and agreed, that it has not 
offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Tokens 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in 
relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of  
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the IDD, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4 (1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Tokens to be offered so as to enable an Investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Tokens.

--- Page 58 ---
- 52 - 
 
If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Tokens specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA retail investors" 
as "Not Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the EEA (each, a "Relevant State"), the 
Authorized Participant has represented and agreed, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Tokens 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the final terms in 
relation thereto to the public in that Relevant State except that it may make an offer of such Tokens to the 
public in that Relevant State: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Tokens specify that an offer of those Tokens may be made 
other than pursuant to Article 1 (4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State (a "Non-
exempt Offer"), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Tokens which 
has been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant State or, where appropriate, 
approved in another Relevant State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant State, 
provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by final terms contemplating 
such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning 
and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable, and the Issuer 
has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Authorized 
Participant nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1 (4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Tokens referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Authorized Participant to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision the expression an "offer of Tokens to the public" in relation to any 
Series of Tokens in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Tokens to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Tokens. 
United Kingdom 
Important - UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Series of the Tokens specify "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", the Tokens are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom.  
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(a) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA;  
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of “retained EU law” by virtue of the EUWA;  
(c) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
“retained EU law” by virtue of the EUWA and regulations made thereunder (the "UK Prospectus 
Regulation").  
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Tokens 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Tokens or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 59 ---
- 53 - 
 
Notwithstanding the above paragraph, in the case where the Final Terms in respect of any Series of the 
Tokens include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" but where the Issuer 
subsequently prepares and publishes a key information document under the UK PRIIPs Regulation in 
respect of such Tokens, then following such publication, the prohibition on the offering, sale or otherwise 
making available the Tokens to a retail investor in the United Kingdom as described in the above paragraph 
and in such legend shall no longer apply.

--- Page 60 ---
- 54 - 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Interest of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the Issue/Offer 
Certain investors in Tokens and their affiliates may be customers of, borrowers from or creditors of the 
Issuer and its affiliates. In addition, certain investors and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future 
engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for 
the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
Furthermore, in the ordinary course of their business activities, some investors and their affiliates may make 
or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of 
their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the 
Issuer or Issuer's affiliates. Certain of the investors or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with 
the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk 
management policies. Typically, such investors and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering 
into transactions, which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short 
positions in securities, including potentially the Tokens issued under the Programme. Any such short 
positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Tokens issued under the Programme. Some 
investors and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express 
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Authorization 
The establishment of the Programme has been duly authorized by resolutions of the Issuer’s Management 
Board dated 18 September 2023 and the Issuer’s Board of Directors dated 18 September 2023. 
The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and authorizations 
in connection with the issue and performance of its obligations under the Tokens. 
Listing and Admission to Trading of the Tokens 
The Tokens issued under the Programme are and will be neither listed nor admitted to trading at any 
stock exchange, authorized multilateral trading facility or organized trading facility (inside or outside 
of Liechtenstein).  
 
The Final Terms will specify if and on which DLT trading facilities or secondary market DLT trading 
facilities or equivalents the Tokens issued under the Programme will be admitted to trading on request of 
the Issuer, if at all. This is at the sole discretion of the Issuer for each Series of Tokens.

--- Page 61 ---
- 55 - 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The specified pages of the following documents are incorporated by reference in, and form part of, 
this Prospectus: 
Mimo Capital AG 
Audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended 
31 December 2022 (English language version, available under 
https://mcag.mimo.capital/legal/Mimo_Capital_AG_Financial
_Statements_2022_EN.pdf) 
 
 
Extracted from the  
financial statements 2022 
–Balance sheet 
– page 3 
–Income statement 
– page 4 
–Explanatory notes to the financial statements 
– page 5 to page 6 
–Independent Auditors' Report 
– page 7 
 
Audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended 
31 December 2021 (English language version, available under 
https://mcag.mimo.capital/legal/Mimo_Capital_AG_Financial
_Statements_2021_EN.pdf) 
 
 
Extracted from the  
financial statements 2021 
–Balance sheet 
– page 3 
–Income statement 
– page 4 
–Explanatory notes to the financial statements 
– page 5 to page 6 
–Independent Auditors' Report 
– page 7 
 
Any information not incorporated by reference into this Prospectus but contained in one of the documents 
mentioned as source documents in the cross reference list above is either not relevant for the investor or 
covered in another part of this Prospectus. 
Availability of Documents 
Any document incorporated herein by reference will be available for inspection at the website of the Issuer 
https://mcag.mimo.capital. The Issuer will provide, without charge, to each person to whom a copy of this 
Prospectus has been delivered, upon the request of such person, a copy of any or all of the documents 
incorporated herein by reference. Requests for such documents should be directed to the Issuer at its office 
set out at the end of this Prospectus.

--- Page 62 ---
THE ISSUER 
Mimo Capital AG 
Alvierweg 17 
9490 Vaduz, 
Liechtenstein 
 
TOKENIZER 
Mimo Capital AG 
Alvierweg 17 
9490 Vaduz, 
Liechtenstein 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS  
TO THE ISSUER 
Taylor Wessing PartG mbB  
Thurn-und-Taxis-Platz 6 
60313 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
AUDITOR TO THE ISSUER 
Grant Thornton AG 
Bahnhofstrasse 15 
P.O. Box 663 
9494 Schaan 
Liechtenstein