--- Page 1 ---
Information Memorandum dated September 1, 2021 
 
 
 
STATE OF ISRAEL 
BOND ISSUANCE PROGRAMME 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Promoters 
Development Company for Israel (International) Limited 
Development Company for Israel (Europe) GmbH 
 
 
 
AN INVESTMENT IN BONDS ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
INVOLVES CERTAIN RISKS. 
YOU SHOULD HAVE REGARD TO THE RISK FACTORS DESCRIBED IN 
SECTION 1 (RISK FACTORS) OF THIS INFORMATION MEMORANDUM.

--- Page 2 ---
ABOUT THIS DOCUMENT 
What is this document? 
This document has been prepared for the purpose of giving information with regard to the issue of bonds 
("Bonds") under the Bond Issuance Programme (the "Programme") of State of Israel (the "Issuer", 
"Israel" or the "State of Israel").   
Pages i to 111 (inclusive) of this document comprise an information memorandum (the "Information 
Memorandum"), which has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "CBI") 
as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). The CBI only 
approves this Information Memorandum as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CBI should not be considered an 
endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Bonds. Investors should make their own assessment as to 
the suitability of investing in the Bonds. 
Such approval relates only to Bonds which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the 
purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II") and/or which are to be offered to the public 
in any member state of the European Economic Area ("EEA") in circumstances that require the publication 
of a prospectus. 
This Information Memorandum contains information describing the Issuer, as well as certain material risks 
faced by the Issuer, and is intended to provide investors with the information necessary to enable them to 
make an informed investment decision before purchasing any Bonds. 
This Information Memorandum (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 
12 months from its date in relation to Bonds which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an 
exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. The obligation to 
supplement this Information Memorandum in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake 
or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Information Memorandum is no longer valid.  
This Information Memorandum relates only to Bonds which are not Exempt Bonds.  References in this 
Information Memorandum to "Bonds" are to Bonds other than Exempt Bonds. 
Offering Memorandum for Exempt Bonds 
Pages 112 to 139 (inclusive) of this document comprise an offering memorandum (the "Offering 
Memorandum"). The Offering Memorandum has been prepared by the Issuer in connection with the 
issuance of bonds under the Programme for which no prospectus is required to be published under the 
Prospectus Regulation (the "Exempt Bonds").  
The Offering Memorandum has not been reviewed or approved by the CBI and does not constitute a 
prospectus for the purpose of the Prospectus Regulation. 
What types of Bonds does this Information Memorandum relate to? 
This Information Memorandum relates to the issuance of two different types of Bonds: fixed rate Bonds, 
on which the Issuer will pay interest at a fixed rate, and floating rate Bonds, on which the Issuer will pay 
interest at a floating rate.   
The State of Israel reserves the right to terminate the arrangements set out in this Information Memorandum 
and cease or suspend issuing Bonds of any particular type or maturity, or to cease or suspend issuing Bonds 
in their entirety, in the future. Any such termination shall be notified to the Promoters in writing. 
Fixed rate Bonds 
Mazel tov savings bonds ("Mazel Tov Savings Bonds"): Mazel Tov Savings Bonds are fixed rate Bonds 
and may be offered in Euro ("Euro Mazel Tov Savings Bonds"), British Pound Sterling ("Sterling Mazel 
Tov Savings Bonds") or United States Dollars ("U.S. Dollar Mazel Tov Savings Bonds"), with interest 
payable upon maturity. U.S. Dollar Mazel Tov Savings Bonds may be offered with maturities of 5 and 10

--- Page 3 ---
years, and Euro Mazel Tov Savings Bonds and Sterling Mazel Tov Savings Bonds may be offered with a 
maturity of 5 years. 
Savings bonds ("Savings Bonds"): Savings Bonds are fixed rate Bonds, and may be offered in Euro ("Euro 
Savings Bonds"), British Pound Sterling ("Sterling Savings Bonds") or United States Dollars ("U.S. 
Dollar Savings Bonds") with maturities of 1, 2, 3, 5 and 10 years, with interest payable upon maturity. 
Jubilee bonds ("Jubilee Bonds"): Jubilee Bonds are fixed rate Bonds, and may be offered in Euro ("Euro 
Jubilee Bonds") or British Pound Sterling ("Sterling Jubilee Bonds") and offered with maturities of 1, 2, 
3, 5 and 10 years, with interest payable semi-annually and upon maturity. 
Jubilee fixed rate bonds ("U.S. Dollar Jubilee Fixed Rate Bonds"): U.S. Dollar Jubilee Fixed Rate Bonds 
are fixed rate Bonds, and may be offered in United States Dollars and with maturities of 1, 2, 3, 5, 10 and 
15 years, with interest payable semi-annually and upon maturity. 
Maccabee fixed rate bonds ("U.S. Dollar Maccabee Fixed Rate Bonds"): U.S. Dollar Maccabee Fixed 
Rate Bonds are fixed rate Bonds, and may be offered in United States Dollars and with maturities of 1, 2, 
3, 5, 10 and 15 years, with interest payable semi-annually and upon maturity. 
Sabra savings bonds ("U.S. Dollar Sabra Savings Bonds"): U.S. Dollar Sabra Savings Bonds are fixed 
rate Bonds, and may be offered in United States Dollars and with maturities of 1, 2, 3, 5 and 10 years, with 
interest payable upon maturity. 
eMazel Tov savings bonds ("eMazel Tov Savings Bonds"): eMazel Tov Savings Bonds are fixed rate 
Bonds, and may be offered in Euro ("Euro eMazel Tov Savings Bonds"), British Pound Sterling ("Sterling 
eMazel Tov Savings Bonds") or United States Dollars ("U.S. Dollar eMazel Tov Savings Bonds") with 
maturities of 5 and 10 years, with interest payable upon maturity. 
Shalom savings bonds ("Shalom Savings Bonds"): Shalom Savings Bonds are fixed rate Bonds and may 
be offered in Euro ("Euro Shalom Savings Bonds "), British Pound Sterling ("Sterling Shalom Savings 
Bonds") or United States Dollars ("U.S. Dollar Shalom Savings Bonds"), with maturities of 1 and 2 years, 
with interest payable upon maturity. 
Floating rate Bonds 
Floating rate bonds ("Euro Floating Rate Bonds"): Euro Floating Rate Bonds are floating rate Bonds, and 
may be offered in Euro with maturities of 1, 2, 3, 5 and 10 years, with interest payable semi-annually and 
upon maturity.  
Floating rate LIBOR bonds ("U.S. Dollar Floating Rate LIBOR Bonds"): U.S. Dollar Floating Rate 
LIBOR Bonds are floating rate Bonds, and may be offered in United States Dollars and with maturities of 
1, 2, 3, 5 and 10 years, with interest payable semi-annually and upon maturity. 
How does this Information Memorandum work? 
The contractual terms of any particular issuance of Bonds will be comprised of the terms and conditions 
set out in Appendix B (Conditions of the Bonds) at pages 82 to 108 of this Information Memorandum (the 
"Conditions"), as completed by a separate final terms document, which is specific to that issuance of Bonds 
(the "Final Terms"). 
The Conditions are comprised of numbered provisions (1-15) including generic provisions that are 
applicable to Bonds generally and certain optional provisions that will only apply to certain types of Bonds. 
The following provisions within the Conditions (together with the introductory wording appearing before 
Condition 1 on page 83) apply to Bonds generally:  
• 
Condition 1 (Defined Terms); 
• 
Condition 2 (Type of Bonds); 
• 
Condition 3 (Status of the Bonds);

--- Page 4 ---
• 
Condition 4 (Early Redemption); 
• 
Condition 5 (Event of Default); 
• 
Condition 6 (Additional Provisions relating to the Calculation of Interest); 
• 
Condition 7 (Interest and Principal Payment); 
• 
Condition 8 (Taxation); 
• 
Condition 9 (Transferability); 
• 
Condition 10 (Purchase of Bonds); 
• 
Condition 11 (Bond Certificates); 
• 
Condition 12 (Prescription); 
• 
Condition 13 (Fiscal Agent); 
• 
Condition 14 (Governing Law); and 
• 
Condition 15 (Jurisdiction; Waiver of Immunity; Consent to Service and Enforceability). 
The following Conditions contain certain optional provisions that will only apply to certain issuances of 
Bonds: 
• 
Condition 2.1.1 (The Euro Floating Rate Bonds) relates to Euro Floating Rate Bonds only; 
• 
Condition 2.1.2 (The Euro Jubilee Bonds) relates to Euro Jubilee Bonds only; 
• 
Condition 2.1.3 (The Euro Mazel Tov Savings Bonds) relates to Euro Mazel Tov Savings Bonds 
only; 
• 
Condition 2.1.4 (The Euro Savings Bonds) relates to Euro Savings Bonds only; 
• 
Condition 2.1.5 (The Euro eMazel Tov Savings Bonds) relates to Euro eMazel Tov Savings Bonds 
only; 
• 
Condition 2.1.6 (The Euro Shalom Savings Bonds) relates to Euro Shalom Savings Bonds only; 
• 
Condition 2.2.1 (The Sterling Jubilee Bonds) relates to Sterling Jubilee Bonds only; 
• 
Condition 2.2.2 (The Sterling Mazel Tov Savings Bonds) relates to Sterling Mazel Tov Savings 
Bonds only; 
• 
Condition 2.2.3 (The Sterling Savings Bonds) relates to Sterling Savings Bonds only; 
• 
Condition 2.2.4 (The Sterling eMazel Tov Savings Bonds) relates to Sterling eMazel Tov Savings 
Bonds only;  
• 
Condition 2.2.5 (The Sterling Shalom Savings Bonds) relates to the Sterling Shalom Savings Bonds 
only; 
• 
Condition 2.3.1 (The U.S. Dollar Floating Rate LIBOR Bonds) relates to U.S. Dollar Floating Rate 
LIBOR Bonds only; 
• 
Condition 2.3.2 (The U.S. Dollar Jubilee Fixed Rate Bonds) relates to U.S. Dollar Jubilee Fixed 
Rate Bonds only; 
• 
Condition 2.3.3 (The U.S. Dollar Maccabee Fixed Rate Bonds) relates to U.S. Dollar Maccabee 
Fixed Rate Bonds only;

--- Page 5 ---
• 
Condition 2.3.4 (The U.S. Dollar Mazel Tov Savings Bonds) relates to U.S. Dollar Mazel Tov 
Savings Bonds only; 
• 
Condition 2.3.5 (The U.S. Dollar Sabra Savings Bonds) relates to U.S. Dollar Sabra Savings Bonds 
only;  
• 
Condition 2.3.6 (The U.S. Dollar Savings Bonds) relates to U.S. Dollar Savings Bonds only;  
• 
Condition 2.3.7 (The U.S. Dollar eMazel Tov Savings Bonds) relates to U.S. Dollar eMazel Tov 
Savings Bonds only; and 
• 
Condition 2.3.8 (The U.S. Dollar Shalom Savings Bonds) relates to the U.S. Dollar Shalom Savings 
Bonds only. 
The applicable Final Terms will complete the above Conditions in respect of any particular issuance of 
Bonds. 
What other documents should I read? 
This Information Memorandum contains all information which is necessary to enable investors to make an 
informed decision regarding the financial position and prospects of the Issuer and the rights attaching to 
the Bonds. Some of this information (such as the latest Exhibit D to the Issuer's Annual Report on Form 
18-K, a form used by non-US sovereign governments to file annual reports with the United States Securities 
and Exchange Commission) is incorporated by reference into this Information Memorandum (see Section 
4 (Information Incorporated by Reference)) and some of this information (such as the interest rate, issue 
date, maturity date, and other details specific to a particular series of Bonds) is completed in the Final 
Terms.  
Before making any investment decision in respect of any Bonds, you should read this Information 
Memorandum, including Appendix A (Defined Terms), Appendix B (Conditions of the Bonds) and 
Appendix C (The Promoters), together with the documents incorporated by reference, as well as the Final 
Terms relating to such Bonds. 
Electronic copies of this Information Memorandum, any documents incorporated herein and the Final 
Terms relating to any Bonds will be made available on the website of Development Company for Israel 
(International) Limited and Development Company for Israel (Europe) GmbH (each a "Promoter" and 
together, the "Promoters") at www.israelbondsintl.com and physical copies may also be inspected at the 
Promoters’ offices at the addresses specified on the last page of this Information Memorandum. 
What information is included in the Final Terms?  
While this Information Memorandum includes general information about all Bonds, the Final Terms is the 
document that sets out certain relevant economic terms of each particular issuance of Bonds under the 
Programme which is not already included in the Conditions. The Final Terms will contain, for example: 
• 
the Offer Period of the Bonds being issued; 
• 
the Public Offer Jurisdiction(s) of the Bonds being issued; 
• 
the currency of the Bonds being issued; 
• 
the applicable interest rate(s) of the Bonds being issued; 
• 
the maturity date(s) of the Bonds being issued; and 
• 
any other information needed to complete the Conditions (identified in the Conditions by the words 
"as specified in the applicable Final Terms" or other equivalent wording). 
Is any part of this Information Memorandum relevant to particular types of Bond only?

--- Page 6 ---
This Information Memorandum includes information that is relevant to all types of Bonds that may be 
issued under the Programme; however, as described above, certain provisions of the Conditions of this 
Information Memorandum are relevant to particular types of Bonds only. 
What if I have further queries relating to this Information Memorandum and the Bonds? 
Please refer to the section below starting on page ix entitled "How do I use this Information 
Memorandum?".  If you have any questions regarding the content of this Information Memorandum, any 
Final Terms, any Bonds or the actions you should take, it is recommended that you seek professional advice 
from your broker, solicitor, accountant or other independent financial adviser before deciding whether or 
not to invest.   
Information in respect of the Benchmarks Regulation 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Bonds will be calculated by reference to LIBOR or EURIBOR as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Information Memorandum, European Money 
Markets Institute (as administrator of EURIBOR) is included in the European Securities and Markets 
Authority’s ("ESMA") register of administrators under Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 
(the "Benchmarks Regulation"). As at the date of this Information Memorandum, ICE Benchmark 
Administration Limited (as administrator of LIBOR) is not included in ESMA's register of administrators 
under Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. As at the date of this Information Memorandum, as far as 
the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that 
ICE Benchmark Administration Limited is not currently required to obtain authorisation/registration (or, if 
located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).

--- Page 7 ---
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Responsibility for this Information Memorandum 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Information Memorandum. To the 
best of the knowledge and belief of the Issuer, the information contained in this Information Memorandum 
is in accordance with the facts and the Information Memorandum does not omit anything likely to affect 
the import of such information. 
Other relevant information 
This Information Memorandum must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with 
any information incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Bonds, must be read 
and construed together with the relevant Final Terms.  
Unauthorised information 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or 
not consistent with this Information Memorandum or any information supplied by the Issuer or the 
Promoters and, if given or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having 
been authorised by the Issuer or the Promoters.  
Neither the delivery of this Information Memorandum or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery 
of any Bond shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this 
Information Memorandum is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Information 
Memorandum has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, 
or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, in the prospects or financial or trading 
position of the Issuer since the date thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Information Memorandum 
has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date 
indicated in the document containing the same. 
Restrictions on distribution 
The distribution of this Information Memorandum and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery 
of the Bonds in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law.  Persons into whose possession this 
Information Memorandum or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Promoters to inform 
themselves about and to observe any such restrictions.  For a description of certain restrictions on offers, 
sales and deliveries of Bonds and on the distribution of this Information Memorandum or any Final Terms 
and other offering material relating to the Bonds, see Section 5 (Subscription and Sale).  In particular, 
Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) 
(the "Securities Act") and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements.  Subject to certain exceptions, Bonds 
may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons.  
Neither this Information Memorandum nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe 
for or purchase any Bonds and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or the Promoters 
that any recipient of this Information Memorandum or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase 
any Bonds.   
The Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
No advice, recommendation or inducement to apply for a Bond is made or given by or on behalf of the 
State of Israel or the Promoters and in considering the purchase of a Bond you must rely wholly upon your 
own judgement and the advice of your professional adviser. Each recipient of this Information 
Memorandum or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the 
condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
You must determine the suitability of investment in the Bonds in light of your own circumstances. In 
particular, you should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Bonds and the 
merits and risks of investing in the Bonds;

--- Page 8 ---
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of your 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Bonds and the impact the Bonds will have on 
your overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Bonds, including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from your 
currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Bonds and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets;  
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect your investment and your ability to bear 
the applicable risks; and 
(vi) 
understand that the Bonds are only transferable or assignable in limited circumstances and, as a 
result, Bond holders will very likely need to hold their Bonds to maturity. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities. You should consult your legal advisers to determine whether and to 
what extent (1) the Bonds are lawful investments for you to make and (2) other restrictions apply to your 
purchase of any Bonds. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate 
regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of the Bonds under any applicable risk-based capital or 
similar rules. 
Supplements 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating 
to information included in this Information Memorandum which is capable of affecting the assessment of 
any Bonds, prepare a supplement to this Information Memorandum or publish a new Information 
Memorandum for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Bonds.   
State of Israel debt instruments 
The State of Israel issues debt instruments whose names, series, maturities, denominations, issue dates, 
interest commencement dates, maturity dates and/or other integral terms may be similar to those of the 
Bonds issued under this Programme.  Such debt instruments may, on any given day, provide a greater yield 
to maturity than the Bonds being issued under this Information Memorandum. 
The Bonds issued under this Programme are considered a separate and distinct class of securities, for all 
purposes, from any other State of Israel debt instruments.  
Bonds denominated in United States Dollars issued under this Programme have the designation 
"International Dollar Series". 
Use of defined terms 
Certain terms or phrases in this Information Memorandum are defined in double quotation marks and 
subsequent references to that term or phrase are designated with initial capital letters.  The locations in this 
Information Memorandum where these terms are first defined are set out in Appendix A (Defined Terms) 
of this Information Memorandum. 
Ratings 
As of the date of this Information Memorandum, the long-term foreign currency sovereign credit ratings of 
the Issuer are: A1 (Moody's Investors Service Ltd ("Moody’s")), AA- (S&P Global Ratings UK Limited 
("S&P")) and A+ (Fitch (Hong Kong) Ltd ("Fitch")).  The Programme and the Bonds to be issued have 
not been rated.  
Fitch is not established in the EEA and has not applied for registration under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, 
as amended (the "CRA Regulation"). The Issuer rating issued by Fitch has been endorsed by Fitch Ratings 
Ireland Limited in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is established in the

--- Page 9 ---
EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation. Fitch is not established in the United Kingdom ("UK"). 
Accordingly the Issuer rating issued by Fitch has been endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ltd in accordance with 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") and has not been withdrawn. As such, the rating 
issued by Fitch may be used for regulatory purposes in the UK in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. 
Each of S&P and Moody’s is established in the UK and is registered in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation. Each of S&P and Moody's is not established in the EEA and has not applied for registration 
under the CRA Regulation. The ratings issued by S&P and Moody’s have been endorsed by S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited and Moody's Deutschland GmbH, respectively, in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation. S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited and Moody's Deutschland GmbH are established in the 
EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation.  
ESMA is obliged to maintain on its website, www.esma.europa.eu, a list of credit rating agencies registered 
and certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation.  This list must be updated within five working days 
of ESMA's adoption of any decision to withdraw the registration of a credit rating agency under the CRA 
Regulation.  Therefore, such list is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency as 
there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and 
the publication of the updated ESMA list.  
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
The Bonds are not protected by the Financial Services Compensation Scheme 
The Bonds to be issued under the Programme are not protected by the Financial Services Compensation 
Scheme (the "FSCS").  As a result, neither the FSCS nor anyone else will pay compensation to you upon 
the failure of the Issuer to make any payments in respect of the Bonds.  If the Issuer is unable to make any 
such payments, you may lose all or part of your investment in any Bonds. 
No incorporation of websites 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see Section 4 
(Information Incorporated by Reference)), the information on the websites or uniform resource locators 
(URLs) to which this Information Memorandum refers does not form part of this Information Memorandum 
and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CBI. 
 
In accordance with Article 23(2a) of the Prospectus Regulation, investors who have already agreed to 
purchase or subscribe for Bonds before this Information Memorandum is published have the right, 
exercisable within three working days after the publication of this Information Memorandum, to withdraw 
their acceptances. Investors should be aware, however, that the law of the jurisdiction in which they have 
accepted an offer of Bonds may provide for a longer time limit. 
References to provisions of law 
In this Information Memorandum, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision 
of a law is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
Language of this Information Memorandum 
The language of this Information Memorandum is English.  Any foreign language text that is included with 
or within this document has been included for convenience purposes only and does not form part of this 
Information Memorandum.

--- Page 10 ---
HOW DO I USE THIS INFORMATION MEMORANDUM? 
You should read and understand fully the contents of this Information Memorandum, including any 
documents incorporated by reference, and the relevant Final Terms before making any investment decision 
in respect of any Bonds. This Information Memorandum contains important information about the Issuer; 
as well as describing certain risks relating to the Issuer and also other risks relating to an investment in the 
Bonds generally.   
An overview of the various sections comprising this Information Memorandum is set out below. 
Section 1 (Risk Factors) describes the principal risks and uncertainties which may affect the ability of the 
Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Bonds. 
Section 2 (Information about the Programme and the Bonds) provides an overview of the Programme and 
the Bonds. 
Section 3 (How the Return on your Investment is Calculated) sets out worked examples of how the interest 
amounts are calculated under a variety of scenarios and how the redemption provisions will affect the Bonds. 
Section 4 (Information Incorporated by Reference) sets out the information that is deemed to be 
incorporated by reference into this Information Memorandum.  This Information Memorandum should be 
read together with all information which is deemed to be incorporated into this Information Memorandum 
by reference. 
Section 5 (Subscription and Sale) contains certain selling restrictions applicable to making offers of the 
Bonds under the Programme. 
Section 6 (Taxation) provides a brief outline of certain taxation implications regarding Bonds that may be 
issued under the Programme, as well as certain other taxation considerations which may be relevant to the 
Bonds. 
Section 7 (Important Information Relating to Public Offers of Bonds) contains important information 
regarding the basis on which this Information Memorandum may be used for the purpose of making Public 
Offers of Bonds. 
Section 8 (Use of Proceeds) describes the manner in which the Issuer intends to use the proceeds from 
issues of Bonds under the Programme. 
Section 9 (Description of the Issuer) sets out a brief description of the Issuer.  
Section 10 (Form of Final Terms) sets out the template for the Final Terms that the Issuer will prepare and 
publish when offering any Bonds under the Programme.  Any such completed Final Terms will detail the 
relevant information applicable to each respective offer, amended to be relevant only to the specific types 
of Bonds being offered. 
Section 11 (Additional Information) sets out further information on the Issuer and the Programme which 
the Issuer is required to include under applicable rules.  This includes the availability for inspection of 
certain documents relating to the Programme and certain confirmations from the Issuer. 
The section "Appendix A (Defined Terms)" provides an index of defined terms identifying the locations in 
this Information Memorandum where terms are defined. 
The section "Appendix B (Conditions of the Bonds)" sets out the terms and conditions which apply to any 
Bonds that may be issued under the Programme.  The relevant Final Terms relating to any offer of Bonds 
will complete the terms and conditions of those Bonds and should be read in conjunction with this section. 
The section "Appendix C (The Promoters)" provides information about Development Company for Israel 
(International) Limited and Development Company for Israel (Europe) GmbH, the companies which have 
been appointed by State of Israel to promote and arrange the sale of the various Bonds to which this 
Information Memorandum relates. 
A "Table of Contents" identifying each section of this Information Memorandum with corresponding page

--- Page 11 ---
references is included at the beginning of this Information Memorandum.

--- Page 12 ---
CONTENTS 
 
 
Page 
ABOUT THIS DOCUMENT ........................................................................................................................ i 
IMPORTANT NOTICES ............................................................................................................................ vi 
HOW DO I USE THIS INFORMATION MEMORANDUM? .................................................................. ix 
SECTION 1. RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................... 1 
SECTION 2. INFORMATION ABOUT THE PROGRAMME AND THE BONDS .................................. 8 
SECTION 3. HOW THE RETURN ON YOUR INVESTMENT IS CALCULATED .............................. 26 
SECTION 4. INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .................................................... 30 
SECTION 5. SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ............................................................................................. 33 
SECTION 6. TAXATION .......................................................................................................................... 36 
SECTION 7. IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO PUBLIC OFFERS OF BONDS ............ 51 
SECTION 8. USE OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................................................... 56 
SECTION 9. DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ....................................................................................... 58 
SECTION 10. FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................ 61 
SECTION 11. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ....................................................................................... 77 
APPENDIX A. DEFINED TERMS ........................................................................................................... 79 
APPENDIX B. CONDITIONS OF THE BONDS ..................................................................................... 82 
APPENDIX C. THE PROMOTERS ........................................................................................................ 109 
OFFERING MEMORANDUM FOR EXEMPT BONDS ....................................................................... 112

--- Page 13 ---
- 1 - 
 
 
SECTION 1. RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Before applying for any Bonds, you should consider whether the Bonds are a suitable investment for you. 
The following is a description of the principal risks and uncertainties which may affect the ability of the 
Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Bonds.

--- Page 14 ---
- 2 - 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Bonds is subject to a number of risks.  Prior to investing in the Bonds, you should 
carefully consider risk factors associated with any investment in the Bonds and the Issuer together with all 
other information contained in this Information Memorandum, including, in particular the risk factors 
described below.  Words and expressions defined in the Conditions or elsewhere in this Information 
Memorandum have the same meanings in this section. 
You should note that the risks relating to the Issuer and the Bonds summarised in the summary annexed to 
the Final Terms for that particular issue of Bonds are the key risks to an assessment by a prospective 
investor of whether to consider an investment in the Bonds.  While the risks that the Issuer considers to be 
material are described below, the risks that the Issuer faces relate to events and depend on circumstances 
that may or may not occur in the future, so you should consider not only the information on the key risks 
summarised in the summary annexed to the Final Terms but also, among other things, the risks and 
uncertainties described below.  
The following is not an exhaustive list or explanation of all risks which investors may face when making an 
investment in the Bonds and should be used as guidance only. The inability of the State of Israel to pay 
interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with the Bonds may occur for other reasons and 
the State of Israel does not represent that the statements below regarding the risks of holding Bonds are 
exhaustive. Additional risks and uncertainties relating to the Issuer that are not currently known to the 
Issuer, or that it currently deems immaterial, may individually or cumulatively also have a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer and, if any such risk should occur, the price of the Bonds may decline and investors 
could lose all or part of their investment.   
You should consider carefully whether an investment in the Bonds is suitable for you in light of the 
information in this Information Memorandum and your personal circumstances. You should make your 
own inquiries as you deem necessary without relying on the State of Israel and should consult with your 
financial, tax, legal, accounting and other advisers, prior to deciding whether to make an investment in the 
Bonds.  
 
1. 
Risks related to the State of Israel and the geopolitical and economic environment  
Israel's access to credit is affected by external factors such as regional and international political and 
economic conditions. 
Israel's access to credit in the international capital markets is affected by regional and international political 
and economic conditions, including interest rates in financial markets outside Israel, the impact of changes 
in the credit rating of Israel, the security situation, the economic growth and stability of Israel's major 
trading partners, and the global high-tech market. As a result, political, economic or market factors, which 
may be outside Israel's control, may impact the debt dynamics of Israel and could adversely affect Israel's 
cost of funds in the international capital markets and the demand for Israel's debt securities. 
The worldwide economic effects of the outbreak of the coronavirus (COVID-19) could adversely affect 
Israel’s economy. 
The COVID-19 outbreak is currently having an adverse impact on the global economy, the severity and 
duration of which is difficult to predict as at the date of this Information Memorandum. 
Israel has implemented measures to reduce the spread of COVID-19 and mitigate its negative economic 
impact. Actions taken include business closures, travel restrictions, mandatory face masks, and social 
distancing guidelines. Throughout March 2020, restrictions were placed on residents and work activities. 
Access to public spaces was reduced, private sector activity was restricted, and the public sector shifted to 
an emergency format, which limited the workforce to critical functions and essential employees. 
Organisation of the Risk Factors: 
1. 
Risks related to the State of Israel and the geopolitical and economic environment 
2. 
Risks related to the Bonds

--- Page 15 ---
- 3 - 
 
 
Additional measures were implemented, such as the requirement for individuals to remain within 100 
meters of their homes unless required for essential services. The measures, taken to protect the health of 
Israelis, also had an adverse effect on the economy, particularly on the business sector and unemployment. 
On 19 April 2020, the first lockdown ended; gradually over the following months the state began lifting 
some of its restrictions. From 18 September 2020 to 18 October 2020, as a result of a spike in COVID-19 
cases, Israel entered its second nationwide lockdown. A third nationwide lockdown commenced on 27 
December 2020, and was in place until 7 February 2021. Following the end of the third lockdown, the state 
began to re-open and to lift the remaining restrictions such as restrictions on businesses and social 
gatherings. As of the date of this Information Memorandum the economy remains active and open; some 
COVID-19 restrictions remain in place including restrictions on travel into Israel, mandatory PCR testing 
for all travellers arriving to Israel, and mandatory quarantine for non-vaccinated travellers. Following an 
increase of new COVID-19 cases, the indoor facemask requirement was reintroduced in June after being 
removed earlier in the month.  
The Government began a mass vaccination program on 19 December 2020 with at-risk populations. The 
program expanded to all citizens aged 16 and older on 4 February 2021. On 2 June 2021, the vaccination 
program was extended to all citizens aged 12 and older. As of the date of this Information Memorandum, 
over 55 per cent. of the Israeli population was fully vaccinated. 
As at the date of this Information Memorandum the trajectory of the COVID-19 outbreak remains highly 
uncertain and the Issuer cannot predict the duration, severity or effect of the pandemic or any future 
containment efforts. There is a risk that the spread of COVID-19 and the measures taken to contain its 
spread, including instituting lockdowns that have resulted in businesses slowing or shuttering operations, 
may continue to have adverse effects on Israel’s economy and financial markets, including an economic 
recession. 
Israel's political and military environment may continue to be volatile. 
Since the establishment of the State of Israel in 1948, a number of armed conflicts have occurred between 
Israel and its Arab neighbours.  Political instability in the Middle East has increased since the terrorist 
attacks of 11 September 2001 and news of Iran's reported nuclear programme. Since 2005, when Israel 
withdrew from the Gaza strip, terrorist violence has increased.  If the level of instability and violence 
increases in the future, Israel's capital markets, the level of tourism in Israel and foreign investment in Israel, 
among other things, may suffer.  
Since January 2011, there has been political instability and civil unrest in numerous Middle East and North 
African countries, including Libya, Egypt, Tunisia, Yemen and Syria. This unrest has resulted in the 
removal of long-standing leadership in several of the aforementioned countries and created turbulent 
political situations in others. As Israel is situated in the centre of this region, it closely monitors these events, 
aiming to protect its economic, political and security interests. It should be noted that such instances of 
instability in the Middle East and North Africa region have not so far materially affected Israel's financial 
or political situation, and countries who have signed peace agreements with Israel remain committed to 
them, regardless of internal political developments.  However, there can be no assurance that such 
instability in the region will not escalate in the future, such instability will not spread to additional countries 
in the region, current or new governments in the region will be successful in maintaining domestic order 
and stability, or Israel's economic or political situation will not thereby be affected.  
Israel is a foreign sovereign state and accordingly it may be difficult to obtain or enforce judgments 
against it. 
Although Israel has in the Conditions of the Bonds waived its sovereign immunity in respect of Bonds 
issued under the Programme, enforcement in the event of a default may nevertheless be impracticable by 
virtue of legal, commercial, political or other considerations that do not affect corporate issuers in the same 
way or to the same extent. Additionally, under the laws of the State of Israel, the funds, assets, rights and 
general property of the Issuer located in the State of Israel are immune from execution and attachment and 
any process in the nature thereof and the waiver contained in the Conditions of the Bonds therefore does 
not constitute a waiver of such immunity or of any immunity from execution or attachment or process in 
the nature thereof with respect to the premises of the Issuer's diplomatic missions in any jurisdiction outside 
the State of Israel or with respect to the assets of the Issuer necessary for the proper functioning of Israel as 
a sovereign power. In the event Israel defaults on its payment obligations in respect of the Bonds, Bond

--- Page 16 ---
- 4 - 
 
 
holders may therefore find it difficult or impractical to recover any amounts from Israel following such 
default and risk incurring losses as a result.  
The current global economic climate and continued economic disruption in Europe may have an adverse 
effect on Israel's economy. 
Israel's economy is affected by current global economic conditions, including regional and international 
rates of economic growth. Recent political and economic developments in the global economy, including 
the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the UK leaving the European Union on 31 January 2020, may 
have a negative impact on the European and global economy. The potential impact of such developments 
on Israel is uncertain. Although Israel's economy has shown moderate rates of growth in recent years there 
can be no assurance that Israel's economy will continue to grow if there should be a prolonged negative 
global economic climate.  
As a result of the sovereign debt crisis in Europe, there was significant price volatility in the secondary 
market for sovereign debt of European and other nations in the beginning of the decade. If such price 
volatility returns, it could lead to a decline in the recoverability and value of the market price of Israel's 
debt securities, including the Bonds. Europe continues to face uncertainty, with many Eurozone countries 
experiencing moderate growth and low inflation rates, though the growth rates are higher than the negative 
rates recorded in the beginning of the decade. Continued sluggish growth in the European Union, which is 
one of Israel's major trading partners, could have a material adverse impact on Israel's balance of trade and 
adversely affect Israel's financial condition. 
The successful development of Israel's natural gas reserves involves certain risks that may make 
expected natural gas production levels unobtainable. 
There are numerous uncertainties associated with estimating quantities of natural gas reserves and 
projecting future rates of production and the level of revenue Israel will recover from its natural gas fields. 
These items are, in part, dependent on the reliability of seismic measurement technologies, the future 
international market for natural gas and other energy substitutes, as well as future development and 
operating costs, all of which may in fact vary considerably from Israel's current assumptions concerning 
royalties and tax revenues. Moreover, certain of Israel's neighbouring countries have asserted mineral rights 
with respect to certain natural gas reserves to which Israel currently lays claim. Any failure to meet expected 
natural gas production targets on the forecasted timelines, or at all, could have a negative impact on Israel's 
progress towards energy independence or the revenues that will be received by the State of Israel. 
The Programme and the Bonds to be issued have not been rated. 
No credit ratings will be assigned to the Programme or the Bonds. This means no independent assessment 
has been made about the risk of investors losing all or part of an investment in the Bonds. As of the date of 
this Information Memorandum, Moody's Investors Service Ltd, S&P Global Ratings UK Limited and Fitch 
(Hong Kong) Ltd have assigned credit ratings to the State of Israel. The State of Israel's credit ratings may 
not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market and other factors that may affect the 
value of the Bonds. Any change that affects the value of the Bonds but does not affect the credit ratings of 
the State of Israel will therefore not be reflected in the credit ratings assigned to the State of Israel, and 
investors that fail to adequately consider such changes in their investment decisions risk losing some or all 
of their investment in the Bonds or otherwise failing to achieve their investment objectives. 
2.  
Risks related to the Bonds 
The Bonds are unlisted, transferability of the Bonds is limited and there is no secondary trading market 
for the Bonds. 
The Bonds are unlisted and will not be traded on any exchange, market or other trading platform. 
Additionally, Bonds may only be sold, transferred or assigned in limited circumstances.  As a result, no 
secondary market can develop for the Bonds meaning that investors may not be able to sell or transfer their 
Bonds and will instead very likely, unless their circumstances satisfy one of the limited circumstances 
previously mentioned, need to hold such Bonds to maturity.  Any failure by an investor to adequately 
consider the absence of a secondary market for the Bonds in developing their investment strategy may lead 
to such investor failing to achieve their investment objectives or incurring financial losses through being 
unable to access liquidity by disposing of the Bonds they have purchased prior to such Bonds’ maturity.

--- Page 17 ---
- 5 - 
 
 
Certain considerations applying in relation to Public Offers of Bonds. 
Bonds may be distributed by means of a Public Offer made during the Offer Period specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. During such Offer Period, the Promoters, on behalf of the Issuer, reserve the right 
to cancel or terminate early the Public Offer of any Tranche or Series of Bonds, or all Public Offers of 
Bonds being offered at a particular time, prior to its end date. In such circumstances, an applicant investor 
may not be issued any Bonds or may be issued a number of Bonds which is less than the amount for which 
such applicant investor applied.  Any amounts segregated as intended payments of the Offer Price by an 
investor will be released back to the relevant investor by the Fiscal Agent without accrued interest. There 
may be a time lag in the release of any such amounts and no amount will be payable as compensation and 
the applicant investor may be subject to reinvestment risk.  
The Bonds are unsecured. 
The Bonds constitute unsecured obligations of the State of Israel.  This means that Bond holders will not 
have recourse to any security or other assets of the State of Israel should the State of Israel default on its 
payment obligations in respect of the Bonds. 
The Bonds are subject to optional redemption or repurchase by the State of Israel. 
The State of Israel may redeem or repurchase the Bonds in whole or in part, at any time or from time to 
time, prior to their scheduled maturity dates. For example, the State of Israel may choose to redeem or 
repurchase the Bonds when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Bonds. Upon such 
redemption or repurchase, an investor might not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective 
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Bonds being redeemed and might only be able to do so at a 
significantly lower rate.  Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. 
Tax consequences of holding the Bonds. 
Potential purchasers of the Bonds should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or other 
documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where the Bonds 
are purchased or transferred or other jurisdictions. Potential purchasers of the Bonds must therefore 
consider the tax laws of all relevant jurisdictions, and not solely those of Israel. Such taxes, charges or 
duties may be substantial, and if such taxes, charges or duties are charged there is a risk that investors in 
the Bonds may not receive the return on their investment that they anticipated or required in order to meet 
their investment objectives. While certain general information in respect of taxation is included in Section  
6 (Taxation), any potential investor should consult its own independent tax adviser for more information 
about the tax consequences of acquiring, owning and disposing of Bonds in its particular circumstances in 
order to clarify the nature and extent of any such risk in their particular circumstances.  
Regulation and Reform of LIBOR, EURIBOR or other "benchmarks" could adversely affect any Bonds 
linked to such "benchmarks". 
The Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. It, 
among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-
based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain 
uses by EU supervised entities of "benchmarks" of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, 
if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation) among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the 
United Kingdom. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the United Kingdom by United Kingdom supervised 
entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the Financial Conduct Authority (the 
FCA) or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-United Kingdom based, not deemed equivalent or 
recognised or endorsed). 
The Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Bonds linked to LIBOR, EURIBOR or another "benchmark" rate or index, in particular, if 
the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" are changed in order to comply with the terms of the

--- Page 18 ---
- 6 - 
 
 
Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could 
(amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level or affecting the volatility 
of the published rate or level of the relevant benchmark.  
Specifically, the sustainability of LIBOR has been questioned as a result of the absence of relevant active 
underlying markets and possible disincentives (including possibly as a result of benchmark reforms) for 
market participants to continue contributing to such benchmarks. The FCA has indicated through a series 
of announcements that the continuation of LIBOR on the current basis cannot and will not be guaranteed 
after 2021. On 5 March 2021, ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (IBA), the administrator of LIBOR, 
published a statement confirming its intention to cease publication of all LIBOR settings, together with the 
dates on which this will occur, subject to the FCA exercising its powers to require IBA to continue 
publishing such LIBOR settings using a changed methodology (the IBA announcement). Concurrently, 
the FCA published a statement on the future cessation and loss of representativeness of all LIBOR 
currencies and tenors, following the dates on which IBA has indicated it will cease publication (the FCA 
announcement). Permanent cessation will occur immediately after 31 December 2021 for all Euro and 
Swiss Franc LIBOR tenors and certain Sterling, Japanese Yen and US Dollar LIBOR settings and 
immediately after 30th June 2023 for certain other USD LIBOR settings. In relation to the remaining 
LIBOR settings (1-month, 3-month and 6-month Sterling, US Dollar and Japanese Yen LIBOR settings), 
the FCA will consult on, or continue to consider the case for, using its powers to require IBA to continue 
their publication under a changed methodology for a further period after end-2021 (end-June 2023 in the 
case of US Dollar LIBOR). The FCA announcement states that consequently, these LIBOR settings will 
no longer be representative of the underlying market that such settings are intended to measure immediately 
after 31 December 2021, in the case of the Sterling and Japanese Yen LIBOR settings and immediately 
after 30 June 2023, in the case of the USD LIBOR settings. Any continued publication of the Japanese Yen 
LIBOR settings will also cease permanently at the end of 2022. 
Separately, the euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles 
and high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated 
cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, among other 
things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) 
may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working 
group published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a "benchmark"; (ii) triggering changes 
in the rules or methodologies used in the "benchmark"; and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the 
"benchmark". Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or 
national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of 
and return on any Bonds linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon a 
"benchmark". 
The Conditions of Bonds provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that an Original Reference 
Rate and/or any page on which an Original Reference Rate may be published becomes unavailable or a 
Benchmark Event (as defined in the Conditions of the Bonds) otherwise occurs. The IBA announcement 
and FCA announcement referred to above may each constitute such a Benchmark Event in respect of 
LIBOR-denominated Bonds. This may have triggered certain of the fallback arrangements in respect of 
such LIBOR-denominated Bonds although the consequences of such fallbacks being triggered are not 
immediately effective under the Conditions. Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate 
of interest could be set by reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (both as defined in the 
Conditions of Bonds), with the application of an Adjustment Spread and may include amendments to the 
Conditions of Bonds to ensure the proper operation of the successor or replacement benchmark, all as 
determined by the Independent Adviser (acting in good faith and in consultation with the Issuer). An 
Adjustment Spread could be positive, negative or zero and would be applied with a view to reducing or 
eliminating, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or 
benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of an Original Reference Rate. However,

--- Page 19 ---
- 7 - 
 
 
the applicable Adjustment Spread may not be effective to reduce or eliminate economic prejudice to 
investors. The use of a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (with the application of an Adjustment Spread) 
will still result in any Bonds linked to or referencing an Original Reference Rate performing differently 
(which may include payment of a lower rate of interest) than they would if the Original Reference Rate 
were to continue to apply in its current form.  
Due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates, the 
involvement of an Independent Adviser, and the potential for further regulatory developments, there is a 
risk that the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time.  
Principal and interest payments will be subject to exchange rate risks and exchange controls. 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Bonds in the currency of each series of Bonds specified in 
the Final Terms (the "Specified Currency"). This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if 
an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's 
Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly 
change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's 
Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify 
exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency 
would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Bonds, (2) the Investor's Currency-
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Bonds and (3) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market 
value of the Bonds. Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) 
exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive 
less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
There can be no assurance that the laws of the State of New York in effect as of the date of this 
Information Memorandum will not be modified. 
The conditions of the Bonds are based on the laws of the State of New York in effect as of the date of this 
Information Memorandum. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or 
change to New York law or administrative practice after the date of this Information Memorandum. Any 
such change could materially adversely impact the value of any Bonds impacted by it.

--- Page 20 ---
- 8 - 
 
 
SECTION 2. INFORMATION ABOUT THE PROGRAMME AND THE BONDS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The following is an overview of the Programme and the key terms of the Bonds.  The full text of the 
Conditions of the Bonds is contained in Appendix B.  It is important that you read the entirety of this 
Information Memorandum before you invest in any Bonds.  It is also recommended that you consult your 
financial adviser or any other professional adviser before you decide to invest in any Bonds.

--- Page 21 ---
- 9 - 
 
 
The following overviews do not purport to be complete and are not summaries for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation. The following overviews are qualified in their entirety by the remainder of this 
Information Memorandum and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Bonds, 
the applicable Final Terms. 
These overviews constitute a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980 (the "Delegated Regulation"). 
Words and expressions defined in Appendix B (Conditions of the Bonds) shall have the same meanings in 
these overviews. 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE PROGRAMME 
 
 
Refer to: 
What is the 
Programme? 
The Programme is a debt issuance programme of State of 
Israel under which State of Israel, as issuer, issues debt 
instruments. In this Information Memorandum, these debt 
instruments are referred to as Bonds. Bonds are also 
commonly referred to as notes. 
The standard terms and conditions that can be used by the 
Issuer to undertake each issue of Bonds are contained in a set 
of provisions referred to as the Conditions, as set out in this 
Information Memorandum in Appendix B (Conditions of the 
Bonds). 
The Programme is unlimited. This means that the Issuer may 
issue any maximum amount of Bonds.  The amount of Bonds 
to be issued under the Programme and interest rate(s) 
applicable to such Bonds will be determined by the Issuer and 
the Promoters at the time of issue of the relevant Bond in 
accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Appendix B 
(Conditions of the 
Bonds) 
How are Bonds 
issued under the 
Programme? 
Bonds are issued under the Programme on a continuous basis.  
For each Offer Period, a Final Terms which completes the 
Conditions is prepared, indicating which types of Bonds are 
being offered and setting out the terms of the Bonds to be 
issued.   
The key documents of which you will need to be aware when 
deciding whether to invest in Bonds issued under the 
Programme over the 12 month period from the date of this 
Information Memorandum are: (a) any supplement to this 
Information Memorandum published after the date of this 
Information Memorandum and (b) the applicable Final Terms 
for such Bonds. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, 
material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Information Memorandum which 
is capable of affecting the assessment of any Bonds, prepare 
a supplement to this Information Memorandum or publish a 
new Information Memorandum for use in connection with 
any subsequent issue of Bonds.   
The Conditions of the Bonds cater for all the types of Bonds 
that the Issuer envisages issuing under the Programme, with 
the Final Terms for each Offer Period setting out the specific 
commercial terms applicable to the issue. Each Final Terms 
is intended to be read alongside the Conditions of the Bonds, 
Appendix B 
(Conditions of the 
Bonds) 
Section 10 (Form of 
Final Terms)

--- Page 22 ---
- 10 - 
 
 
 
 
Refer to: 
and the two together provide the specific terms relevant to any 
specific issue of Bonds. 
What types of 
Bonds may be 
issued under the 
Programme? 
Two types of Bonds may be issued under this Information 
Memorandum: fixed rate Bonds, on which the Issuer will pay 
interest at a fixed rate, and floating rate Bonds, on which the 
Issuer will pay interest at a floating rate.   
Fixed rate Bonds are Bonds where the interest rate payable by 
the Issuer is determined prior to issue, and remains fixed 
throughout the life of the Bonds.  See Section 3 (How the 
Return on your Investment is Calculated) for a worked 
example showing how the return on an issue of fixed rate 
Bonds is calculated.  Fixed rate Bonds may be issued as 
Jubilee Bonds (Euro Jubilee Bonds or Sterling Jubilee 
Bonds), Mazel Tov Savings Bonds (Euro Mazel Tov Savings 
Bonds, Sterling Mazel Tov Savings Bonds or U.S. Dollar 
Mazel Tov Savings Bonds), Savings Bonds (Euro Savings 
Bonds, Sterling Savings Bonds or U.S. Dollar Savings 
Bonds), U.S. Dollar Maccabee Fixed Rate Bonds, U.S. Dollar 
Jubilee Fixed Rate Bonds, U.S. Dollar Sabra Savings Bonds, 
eMazel Tov Savings Bonds (Euro eMazel Tov Savings 
Bonds, Sterling eMazel Tov Savings Bonds or U.S. Dollar 
eMazel Tov Savings Bonds) or Shalom Savings Bonds (Euro 
Shalom Savings Bonds, Sterling Shalom Savings Bonds or 
U.S. Dollar Shalom Savings Bonds), all as described herein.   
Floating rate Bonds are Bonds where the interest rate is 
calculated by reference to a fluctuating benchmark rate.  
Floating rate Bonds may be issued as Euro Floating Rate 
Bonds or U.S. Dollar Floating Rate LIBOR Bonds, all as 
described herein. The applicable benchmark rate for the Euro 
Floating Rate Bonds is EURIBOR, the Eurozone interbank 
offered rate, which is a reference rate based on the averaged 
interest rates at which a panel of Eurozone banks offer to lend 
unsecured funds in Euro to other banks within the Eurozone.  
The applicable benchmark rate for the U.S. Dollar Floating 
Rate LIBOR Bonds is LIBOR, the London interbank offered 
rate, which is a reference rate based on the averaged interest 
rates at which a panel of London banks offer to lend 
unsecured funds in different currencies to other banks in 
London. 
The floating interest rate is recalculated prior to the start of 
each interest period and applies for the length of that interest 
period.  This means that a floating rate Bond will have a 
succession of different interest rates after the initial interest 
period rather than one interest rate applying for the life of the 
Bond. Although the floating interest rate will be based on the 
benchmark rate, it may also include a fixed percentage margin 
which is added to or subtracted from the benchmark rate.  See 
Section 3 (How the Return on your Investment is Calculated) 
for a worked example showing how the return on an issue of 
floating rate Bonds is calculated. 
The specific details of each Bond issued will be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, which should be read alongside 
Appendix B 
(Conditions of the 
Bonds) 
Section 10 (Form of 
Final Terms)

--- Page 23 ---
- 11 - 
 
 
 
 
Refer to: 
the Conditions of the Bonds. 
How will the price 
of the Bonds be 
determined? 
The issue price of the Bonds is 100% of their aggregate 
principal amount. 
The final amount of Bonds to be issued on any issue date will 
be determined at the end of the relevant Offer Period and will 
depend, among other things, on the total amount of received 
subscriptions in respect of the Bonds.  
The Promoters, on behalf of the State of Israel, will announce 
the results of each Public Offer on their website as soon as 
practicable following the completion or termination of the 
Public Offer. 
 
What is the yield 
on fixed rate 
Bonds? 
Calculated on the basis of the formula set out below, the 
annual yield of each fixed rate Bond will be the same as the 
applicable annual interest rate of such Bond.  
Yield = 
Coupon 
 
 
Issue Price (i.e., 100%) 
 
The yield in respect of a particular Bond will not be an 
indication of future yield.  The Final Terms in respect of any 
floating rate Bonds will not include any indication of yield. 
N/A 
Will the Bonds 
issued under the 
Programme have a 
credit rating? 
Issues of Bonds issued under the Programme will not be rated.   N/A 
Are the Bonds 
secured? 
No, the obligations of the Issuer to pay interest and principal 
on the Bonds will not be secured. 
N/A 
Do the Bonds have 
voting rights? 
No. 
N/A 
Can the Conditions 
of the Bonds be 
amended? 
No.   
N/A 
Will I be able to 
trade the Bonds 
issued under the 
Programme? 
The Bonds are only transferable or assignable in limited 
circumstances and, as a result, Bond holders may not be able 
to sell or transfer their Bonds and will very likely, unless their 
circumstances satisfy one of these limited circumstances, 
need to hold their Bonds to maturity. 
Condition 9 
(Transferability) of 
Appendix B 
(Conditions of the 
Bonds) 
No application has been or will be made for the Bonds to be 
admitted to trading on any exchange, market or other trading 
platform. 
N/A 
What will Bond 
holders receive if 
the Issuer is unable 
to make payments 
in respect of the 
Bonds? 
The Issuer is a sovereign state and, unlike a corporate entity, 
there is no insolvency framework for sovereign states.  The 
Issuer may, nevertheless, be unable to meet its obligations to 
pay interest and repay principal on the Bonds, thereby 
resulting in potential losses to Bond holders. 
The Bonds will constitute direct, general, unconditional and 
unsubordinated External Indebtedness of the Issuer for which 
Condition 3 (Status 
of the Bonds) of 
Appendix B 
(Conditions of the 
Bonds)

--- Page 24 ---
- 12 - 
 
 
 
 
Refer to: 
the full faith and credit of the Issuer is pledged.  "Direct" and 
"general" are used in Condition 3 (Status of the Bonds) of the 
Bonds set out in Appendix B (Conditions of the Bonds) to 
indicate that these are bonds issued by, and backed by the 
credit of, a government (in this case, the State of Israel); 
"unconditional" means that rights and obligations created 
under the Bonds are not dependent on any other documents or 
actions; and "unsubordinated" means that no other unsecured 
creditors of the Issuer will rank senior to these Bonds. 
"External Indebtedness" means any Indebtedness which is 
payable by its terms or at the option of its holder in any 
currency other than the currency of Israel and "Indebtedness" 
means all obligations of the Issuer in respect of borrowed 
money and guarantees given by the Issuer in respect of money 
borrowed by others. 
The Bonds will rank behind any obligations that have the 
benefit of security granted by the Issuer. As the Bonds are not 
secured, Bond holders will not have recourse to any security 
or other assets of the State of Israel should the Issuer default 
on its payment obligations in respect of any Bond.   
The Bonds of each series will have the same legal ranking 
(without any preference among themselves) as all other 
unsubordinated External Indebtedness of the Issuer. This 
means that, in the case of the Issuer's default or non-payment 
in respect of its debt obligations, the Bonds would have the 
same priority of payment as the other debt obligations of the 
Issuer for which no security has been granted by the Issuer 
(including the unsecured obligations of the Issuer in relation 
to banking facilities and other financing).   
Condition 3 (Status of the Bonds) of the Bonds provides, "It 
is understood that this provision shall not be construed so as 
to require the State of Israel to make payments under the 
Bonds ratably with payments being made under any other 
External Indebtedness." This means that Condition 3 does not 
require the Issuer to pay amounts due under the Bonds at the 
same time, or in proportion to, amounts due under the other 
debts of the Issuer. 
What will the 
proceeds be used 
for? 
The net proceeds from the issue of the Bonds are intended to 
be used for the general financing purposes of the Issuer. 
Section 8 (Use of 
Proceeds) 
What if I have 
further questions? 
If you are unclear in relation to any matter, or uncertain if any 
Bonds offered under the Programme are a suitable 
investment, you should seek professional advice from your 
broker, solicitor, accountant or other independent financial 
adviser before deciding whether or not to invest. 
N/A

--- Page 25 ---
- 13 - 
 
 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE BONDS 
Types: 
The Bonds are debt instruments issued by the Issuer.  Bonds may be Euro 
Floating Rate Bonds, Jubilee Bonds (Euro Jubilee Bonds or Sterling Jubilee 
Bonds), Mazel Tov Savings Bonds (Euro Mazel Tov Savings Bonds, Sterling 
Mazel Tov Savings Bonds or U.S. Dollar Mazel Tov Savings Bonds), Savings 
Bonds (Euro Savings Bonds, Sterling Savings Bonds or U.S. Dollar Savings 
Bonds), U.S. Dollar Floating Rate LIBOR Bonds, U.S. Dollar Jubilee Fixed 
Rate Bonds, U.S. Dollar Maccabee Fixed Rate Bonds, U.S. Dollar Sabra 
Savings Bonds, eMazel Tov Savings Bonds (Euro eMazel Tov Savings 
Bonds, Sterling eMazel Tov Savings Bonds or U.S. Dollar eMazel Tov 
Savings Bonds) or Shalom Savings Bonds (Euro Shalom Savings Bonds, 
Sterling Shalom Savings Bonds or U.S. Dollar Shalom Savings Bonds).   
See the chart on pages 16 to 25 below for further details regarding the features 
of these types of Bonds. 
Currencies: 
British Pounds Sterling, Euro and United States Dollars. 
When purchasing a Bond, investors may tender funds in Euro, British Pounds 
Sterling or United States Dollars. See Appendix B (Conditions of the Bonds ― 
Purchase of Bonds). 
Issue Date: 
15th of the month (for Bonds offered from the 1st of the month through the 
14th of the month) or 1st of the month (for Bonds offered from the 15th of the 
month preceding the Issue Date through the last day of that month) or (in the 
case of the Mazel Tov Savings Bonds, eMazel Tov Savings Bonds and Shalom 
Savings Bonds only) the 1st of the month. 
Maturity Dates: 
Bonds will mature on the first calendar day of the month during which the 
first (1st), second (2nd), third (3rd), fifth (5th), tenth (10th) or fifteenth (15th) 
anniversary, as the case may be, of the Issue Date of the relevant Bond occurs.  
No Bonds with a maturity of less than 1 year will be issued. 
Interest: 
The Bonds will accrue interest from (and including) the Issue Date until (but 
not including) the maturity date. 
 
Interest may be paid on an annual or semi-annual basis, or may be only paid 
on the maturity date of the relevant Bond, as the case may be. 
 
Details of performance of EURIBOR and LIBOR rates can be obtained from 
http://www.emmi-benchmarks.eu/euribor-org/euribor-rates.html and from 
https://www.theice.com/marketdata/reports/170 respectively. 
Form of Bonds: 
The Bonds are issued in book-entry form, which means that ownership of the 
Bonds will be recorded electronically by Computershare Trust Company of 
Canada, the institution appointed by the Issuer to act as its fiscal agent. 
Certificates will be issued only to government agencies, pension funds, 
financial institutions and employee benefit plans that so request at the time of 
purchase. Certificates will not be issuable for eMazel Tov Savings Bonds and 
Shalom Savings Bonds. 
Transfer of Bonds: 
Bonds may be assigned or transferred in the instances specified in Condition 
9 of the Bonds.  See Appendix B (Conditions of the Bonds ― Transferability). 
Redemption: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, Bonds will be 
redeemed on their Maturity Date at par.

--- Page 26 ---
- 14 - 
 
 
Early Redemption: 
The State of Israel is entitled to redeem or repurchase any issued Bonds in 
whole or in part at any time. See Appendix B (Conditions of the Bonds ― 
Early Redemption ― At the Option of the State of Israel). 
Redemption at the request of a Bond holder is not possible, except upon (i) 
the death of any natural person who owned a Bond (or the last survivor of 
joint original owners), (ii) the death of any natural person (or the dissolution 
of a testamentary trust following the death of such person) who owned a Bond 
through an individual personal pension plan or (iii) the termination of any 
employee benefit plan which is the owner of a Bond scheme in accordance 
with the Conditions.  See Appendix B (Conditions of the Bonds ― Early 
Redemption ― At the Request of a Bond holder). 
The State of Israel has reserved the right to repurchase the Bonds in whole or 
in part, at any time, at such terms and under such conditions as may be 
determined by the State of Israel. See Appendix B (Conditions of the Bonds ― 
Early Redemption ― Repurchase by the State of Israel Under Other Terms 
and Conditions). 
Interests of natural 
and legal persons 
involved in the 
issue/offer: 
The Issuer is not aware of any interest(s) material to the issue of the Bonds, 
other than any fees payable to the Promoters for promoting and arranging 
subscriptions for the Bonds.    
Listing: 
No application has been or will be made for the Bonds to be admitted to 
trading on any exchange, market or other trading platform. 
Taxation: 
Interest and principal sums due under the Bonds will be paid by the State of 
Israel without deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or 
duties imposed or levied by or within the State of Israel (other than where the 
Bond holder is subject to such taxes or duties for a reason other than the 
holding or ownership of the Bond or the receipt of income therefrom). 
For a discussion of tax consequences associated with the Bonds, see Section 
6 (Taxation). Investors should consult their own tax advisers in determining 
the tax consequences to them of the purchase, ownership and disposition of 
the Bonds. 
Governing Law: 
The Bonds will be governed by the laws of the State of New York. 
Selling Restrictions: 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Bonds 
and on the distribution of offering material in the United States of America, 
the EEA, the United Kingdom, Japan and Belgium see Section 5 (Subscription 
and Sale). 
Application for 
Bonds: 
Bonds may be offered to any person in Austria, Belgium, France, Germany, 
Ireland, Spain and/or the Netherlands (the "Public Offer Jurisdiction(s)").  
No Tranche(s) of Bonds have been reserved for certain countries.  The Bonds 
may have a special appeal to persons with an interest in the State of Israel. 
In order to purchase a Bond on a specific Issue Date, your subscription 
documents must be accepted by or on behalf of the State of Israel and cleared 
funds in respect of the full purchase price of such Bond must be received and 
accepted in the account of the Fiscal Agent before such Issue Date (or before 
such other date announced by the State of Israel). Investors will also be 
required to sign the Promoters’ Terms of Business, complete a Client 
Information Form and provide satisfactory evidence of their identity for the 
Promoters' anti-money laundering checks and provide any additional 
information required by local law in the jurisdiction of subscription. These 
forms are available on the Promoters' website or by contacting the Promoters

--- Page 27 ---
- 15 - 
 
 
directly. The State of Israel is not obliged to accept your subscription 
documents.  See Appendix B (Conditions of the Bonds ― Purchase of Bonds). 
The Bonds will be issued on the relevant Issue Date. If subscription documents 
are accepted by or on behalf of the State of Israel and/or clear funds are 
accepted or received in the account of the Fiscal Agent on or after an Issue 
Date (or such other date), the relevant Bond will be issued on a subsequent 
Issue Date.  When a Bond is issued on a subsequent Issue Date, the interest 
rate applicable to the Bond will be the interest rate applicable to such Issue 
Date. 
If the State of Israel does not accept your application to purchase Bonds, any 
payment made by you in connection with such purchase will be refunded 
within 21 Business Days (as defined in Appendix B (Conditions of the 
Bonds ― Purchase of Bonds)) after the date of rejection of the subscription 
application and you shall not be entitled to any interest or other compensation 
in respect of such refunded payment.  
Unless an application to purchase Bonds is not accepted by the State of Israel 
or a Public Offer is cancelled or terminated early, a prospective Bond holder 
will be allotted 100% of the Bonds for which it has applied.  The Fiscal Agent 
will post a confirmation of the allotment of Bonds to the prospective Bond 
holder within 7 Business Days of the day on which the purchase is completed.

--- Page 28 ---
- 16 - 
 
 
Type of Bond: 
Currency: 
Maturity: 
Minimum purchase 
amount: 
Interest: 
Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
Sales Period(s): 
Euro Floating 
Rate Bonds 
Euro 
1-Year 
2-Year 
3-Year  
5-Year  
10-Year 
€5,000  
Variable floating rate 
equal to the Applicable 
EURIBOR Rate for the 
interest period plus the 
applicable Spread. 
June 1st and December 
1st in each year and 
upon maturity, except 
that for Bonds issued 
on May 15th and 
November 15th in each 
year, the initial interest 
payment will be made 
on the second Interest 
Payment Date 
following the Issue 
Date. 
Two sales periods per 
month: Bonds issued 
on the 15th of the 
month will be offered 
from the 1st of the 
month through the 14th 
of the month; and 
Bonds issued on the 1st 
of the month will be 
offered from the 15th 
of the month preceding 
the Issue Date through 
the last day of that 
month. 
Mazel Tov 
Savings Bonds(1) 
British Pounds 
Sterling 
5-Year 
£100 (and integral 
multiples of £1 in 
excess of £100 (or such 
other integral multiples 
specified in the 
applicable Final 
Terms))  
Fixed percentage per 
annum. 
Interest will only be 
paid at maturity. 
One sales period per 
month: from the 1st of 
the month preceding 
the Issue Date through 
the last day of that 
month. 
Euro 
5-Year 
€100 (and integral 
multiples of €1 in 
excess of €100 (or such 
other integral multiples 
specified in the 
applicable Final 
Terms))

--- Page 29 ---
- 17 - 
 
 
Type of Bond: 
Currency: 
Maturity: 
Minimum purchase 
amount: 
Interest: 
Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
Sales Period(s): 
United States 
Dollars 
5-Year  
10-Year 
U.S.$100 (and integral 
multiples of U.S.$1 in 
excess of U.S.$100 (or 
such other integral 
multiples specified in 
the applicable Final 
Terms)) 
Savings Bonds(2) 
British Pounds 
Sterling 
1-Year 
2-Year 
3-Year  
5-Year  
10-Year 
1 Year – £5,000 (and 
integral multiples of 
£500 in excess of 
£5,000 (or such other 
integral multiples 
specified in the 
applicable Final 
Terms)) 
2-Year, 3-Year, 5-Year 
and 10-Year - £1,000  
Fixed percentage per 
annum. 
Interest will only be 
paid at maturity. 
Two sales periods per 
month: Bonds issued 
on the 15th of the 
month will be offered 
from the 1st of the 
month through the 14th 
of the month; and 
Bonds issued on the 1st 
of the month will be 
offered from the 15th 
of the month preceding 
the Issue Date through 
the last day of that 
month. 
Euro 
1-Year 
2-Year 
3-Year  
5-Year  
10-Year 
1 Year – €5,000 (and 
integral multiples of 
€500 in excess of 
€5,000 (or such other 
integral multiples 
specified in the 
applicable Final 
Terms)) 
2-Year, 3-Year, 5-Year 
and 10-Year - €5,000

--- Page 30 ---
- 18 - 
 
 
Type of Bond: 
Currency: 
Maturity: 
Minimum purchase 
amount: 
Interest: 
Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
Sales Period(s): 
United States 
Dollars 
1-Year 
2-Year 
3-Year  
5-Year  
10-Year 
1 Year – U.S.$5,000 
(and integral multiples 
of U.S.$500 in excess 
of U.S.$5,000 (or such 
other integral multiples 
specified in the 
applicable Final 
Terms)) 
2-Year, 3-Year, 5-Year 
and 10-Year - 
U.S.$2,500 (and 
integral multiples of 
U.S.$500 in excess of 
U.S.$2,500 (or such 
other integral multiples 
specified in the 
applicable Final 
Terms)) 
Jubilee Bonds 
British Pounds 
Sterling 
1-Year 
2-Year 
3-Year  
5-Year  
10-Year 
£1,000  
Fixed percentage per 
annum. 
May 1st and November 
1st in each year and 
upon maturity, except 
that for Bonds issued 
on April 15th and 
October 15th in each 
year, the first interest 
payment will be on the 
second Interest 
Payment Date 
Two sales periods per 
month: Bonds issued 
on the 15th of the 
month will be offered 
from the 1st of the 
month through the 14th 
of the month; and 
Bonds issued on the 1st 
of the month will be 
offered from the 15th 
of the month preceding 
the Issue Date through

--- Page 31 ---
- 19 - 
 
 
Type of Bond: 
Currency: 
Maturity: 
Minimum purchase 
amount: 
Interest: 
Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
Sales Period(s): 
following their Issue 
Date. 
the last day of that 
month. 
Euro 
1-Year 
2-Year 
3-Year  
5-Year  
10-Year 
€1,000  
Fixed percentage per 
annum. 
May 1st and November 
1st in each year and 
upon maturity, except 
that for Bonds issued 
on April 15th and 
October 15th in each 
year, the first interest 
payment will be on the 
second Interest 
Payment Date 
following their Issue 
Date. 
Two sales periods per 
month: Bonds issued 
on the 15th of the 
month will be offered 
from the 1st of the 
month through the 14th 
of the month; and 
Bonds issued on the 1st 
of the month will be 
offered from the 15th 
of the month preceding 
the Issue Date through 
the last day of that 
month. 
U.S. Dollar 
Floating Rate 
LIBOR Bonds  
United States 
Dollars 
1-Year 
2-Year 
3-Year  
5-Year  
10-Year 
U.S.$5,000 (and 
integral multiples of 
U.S.$500 in excess of 
U.S.$5,000 (or such 
other integral multiples 
specified in the 
applicable Final 
Terms)) 
Variable floating rate 
equal to the Applicable 
LIBOR Rate for the 
interest period plus the 
applicable Spread. 
June 1st and December 
1st in each year and 
upon maturity, except 
that for Bonds issued 
on May 15th and 
November 15th in each 
year, the first interest 
payment will be on the 
second Interest 
Payment Date 
following their Issue 
Date. 
Two sales periods per 
month: Bonds issued 
on the 15th of the 
month will be offered 
from the 1st of the 
month through the 14th 
of the month; and 
Bonds issued on the 1st 
of the month will be 
offered from the 15th 
of the month preceding 
the Issue Date through

--- Page 32 ---
- 20 - 
 
 
Type of Bond: 
Currency: 
Maturity: 
Minimum purchase 
amount: 
Interest: 
Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
Sales Period(s): 
the last day of that 
month. 
U.S. Dollar 
Jubilee Fixed 
Rate Bonds 
United States 
Dollars 
1-Year 
2-Year 
3-Year  
5-Year  
10-Year 
15-Year 
U.S.$25,000 (and 
integral multiples of 
U.S.$5,000 in excess 
of U.S.$25,000 (or 
such other integral 
multiples specified in 
the applicable Final 
Terms)) 
Fixed percentage per 
annum. 
May 1st and November 
1st in each year and 
upon maturity, except 
that for Bonds issued 
on April 15th and 
October 15th in each 
year, the first interest 
payment will be on the 
second Interest 
Payment Date 
following their Issue 
Date. 
Two sales periods per 
month: Bonds issued 
on the 15th of the 
month will be offered 
from the 1st of the 
month through the 14th 
of the month; and 
Bonds issued on the 1st 
of the month will be 
offered from the 15th 
of the month preceding 
the Issue Date through 
the last day of that 
month. 
U.S. Dollar 
Maccabee Fixed 
Rate Bonds 
United States 
Dollars 
1-Year 
2-Year 
3-Year  
5-Year  
10-Year 
15-Year 
U.S.$5,000 (and 
integral multiples of 
U.S.$500 in excess of 
U.S.$5,000 (or such 
other integral multiples 
specified in the 
applicable Final 
Terms)) 
Fixed percentage per 
annum. 
May 1st and November 
1st in each year and 
upon maturity, except 
that for Bonds issued 
on April 15th and 
October 15th in each 
year, the first interest 
payment will be on the 
second Interest 
Payment Date 
following their Issue 
Date. 
Two sales periods per 
month: Bonds issued 
on the 15th of the 
month will be offered 
from the 1st of the 
month through the 14th 
of the month; and 
Bonds issued on the 1st 
of the month will be 
offered from the 15th 
of the month preceding 
the Issue Date through

--- Page 33 ---
- 21 - 
 
 
Type of Bond: 
Currency: 
Maturity: 
Minimum purchase 
amount: 
Interest: 
Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
Sales Period(s): 
the last day of that 
month. 
U.S. Dollar 
Sabra Savings 
Bonds(3)  
United States 
Dollars 
1-Year 
2-Year 
3-Year  
5-Year  
10-Year 
1 Year – U.S.$5,000 
(and integral multiples 
of U.S.$1,000 in 
excess of U.S.$5,000 
(or such other integral 
multiples specified in 
the applicable Final 
Terms)) 
2-Year, 3-Year, 5-Year 
and 10-Year - 
U.S.$1,000 (and 
integral multiples of 
U.S.$100 in excess of 
U.S.$1,000 (or such 
other integral multiples 
specified in the 
applicable Final 
Terms)) 
Fixed percentage per 
annum. 
Interest will only be 
paid at maturity. 
Two sales periods per 
month: Bonds issued 
on the 15th of the 
month will be offered 
from the 1st of the 
month through the 14th 
of the month; and 
Bonds issued on the 1st 
of the month will be 
offered from the 15th 
of the month preceding 
the Issue Date through 
the last day of that 
month.

--- Page 34 ---
- 22 - 
 
 
Type of Bond: 
Currency: 
Maturity: 
Minimum purchase 
amount: 
Interest: 
Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
Sales Period(s): 
U.S. Dollar 
eMazel Tov 
Savings Bonds(4) 
United States 
Dollars 
5-Year 
10-Year 
U.S.$36 (and integral 
multiples of U.S.$1 in 
excess of U.S.$36 (or 
such other integral 
multiples specified in 
the applicable Final 
Terms)).  
Fixed percentage per 
annum. 
Interest will only be 
paid at maturity. 
One sales period per 
month: from the 1st of 
the month preceding 
the Issue Date through 
the last day of that 
month. The purchase 
of U.S. Dollar eMazel 
Tov Savings Bonds is 
only available through 
the website of 
Development 
Company for Israel 
(International) Limited 
and Development 
Company for Israel 
(Europe) GmbH 
(http://www.israelbond
sintl.com). 
Sterling eMazel 
Tov Savings 
Bonds(4) 
Sterling 
5-Year 
10-Year 
£36 (and integral 
multiples of £1 in 
excess of £36 (or such 
other integral multiples 
specified in the 
applicable Final 
Terms)).  
Fixed percentage per 
annum. 
Interest will only be 
paid at maturity. 
One sales period per 
month: from the 1st of 
the month preceding 
the Issue Date through 
the last day of that 
month. The purchase of 
Sterling eMazel Tov 
Savings Bonds is only 
available through the 
website of 
Development 
Company for Israel 
(International) Limited

--- Page 35 ---
- 23 - 
 
 
Type of Bond: 
Currency: 
Maturity: 
Minimum purchase 
amount: 
Interest: 
Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
Sales Period(s): 
and Development 
Company for Israel 
(Europe) GmbH 
(http://www.israelbond
sintl.com). 
Euro eMazel 
Tov Savings 
Bonds(4) 
Euro 
5-Year 
10-Year 
 €36 (and integral 
multiples of €1 in 
excess of €36 (or such 
other integral multiples 
specified in the 
applicable Final 
Terms)).  
Fixed percentage per 
annum. 
Interest will only be 
paid at maturity. 
One sales period per 
month: from the 1st of 
the month preceding 
the Issue Date through 
the last day of that 
month. The purchase 
of Euro eMazel Tov 
Savings Bonds is only 
available through the 
website of 
Development 
Company for Israel 
(International) Limited 
and Development 
Company for Israel 
(Europe) GmbH 
(http://www.israelbond
sintl.com). 
U.S. Dollar 
Shalom Savings 
Bonds(5) 
United States 
Dollars 
1-Year 
2-Year 
U.S.$36 (and integral 
multiples of U.S.$1 in 
excess of U.S.$36 (or 
such other integral 
multiples specified in 
the applicable Final 
Terms)).  
Fixed percentage per 
annum. 
Interest will only be 
paid at maturity. 
One sales period per 
month: from the 1st of 
the month preceding 
the Issue Date through 
the last day of that 
month. The purchase 
of U.S. Dollar Shalom

--- Page 36 ---
- 24 - 
 
 
Type of Bond: 
Currency: 
Maturity: 
Minimum purchase 
amount: 
Interest: 
Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
Sales Period(s): 
Savings Bonds is only 
available through the 
website of 
Development 
Company for Israel 
(International) Limited 
and Development 
Company for Israel 
(Europe) GmbH 
(http://www.israelbond
sintl.com). U.S. Dollar 
Shalom Savings Bonds 
can only be issued to a 
Permitted Holder. 
Sterling Shalom 
Savings Bonds(5) 
Sterling 
1-Year 
2-Year 
£36 (and integral 
multiples of £1 in excess 
of £36 (or such other 
integral multiples 
specified in the 
applicable Final 
Terms)).  
Fixed percentage per 
annum. 
Interest will only be 
paid at maturity. 
One sales period per 
month: from the 1st of 
the month preceding 
the Issue Date through 
the last day of that 
month. The purchase 
of Sterling Shalom 
Savings Bonds is only 
available through the 
website of 
Development 
Company for Israel 
(International) Limited 
and Development 
Company for Israel 
(Europe) GmbH 
(http://www.israelbond

--- Page 37 ---
- 25 - 
 
 
Type of Bond: 
Currency: 
Maturity: 
Minimum purchase 
amount: 
Interest: 
Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
Sales Period(s): 
sintl.com). Sterling 
Shalom Savings Bonds 
can only be issued to a 
Permitted Holder. 
Euro Shalom 
Savings Bonds(5) 
Euro 
1-Year 
2-Year 
 €36 (and integral 
multiples of €1 in excess 
of €36 (or such other 
integral multiples 
specified in the 
applicable Final 
Terms)).  
Fixed percentage per 
annum. 
Interest will only be 
paid at maturity. 
One sales period per 
month: from the 1st of 
the month preceding 
the Issue Date through 
the last day of that 
month. The purchase 
of Euro Shalom 
Savings Bonds is only 
available through the 
website of 
Development 
Company for Israel 
(International) Limited 
and Development 
Company for Israel 
(Europe) GmbH 
(http://www.israelbond
sintl.com). Euro 
Shalom Savings Bonds 
can only be issued to a 
Permitted Holder. 
Bonds: 
(1) 
The maximum amount of Mazel Tov Savings Bonds that may be purchased by any person to be issued on any Issue Date, registered in the name of any one holder, is €2,500, £2,500 or U.S.$2,500.  
(2)  
The maximum amount of 1-Year Savings Bonds that may be purchased by any person to be issued on any Issue Date, is €1,000,000, £1,000,000 or U.S.$1,000,000. 
(3) 
The maximum amount of 1-Year U.S. Dollar Sabra Savings Bonds that may be purchased by any person to be issued on any Issue Date is U.S.$500,000. 
(4) 
The maximum amount of eMazel Tov Savings Bonds that may be purchased by any person to be issued on any Issue Date, registered in the name of any one holder, is U.S.$2,500, £2,500 or €2,500. 
(5) 
The maximum amount of Shalom Savings Bonds that may be purchased by any person on any Issue Date is U.S.$1,000,000, £1,000,000 or €1,000,000.

--- Page 38 ---
- 26 - 
 
 
SECTION 3. HOW THE RETURN ON YOUR INVESTMENT IS CALCULATED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The following section sets out worked examples of how the interest amounts are calculated under a variety 
of scenarios and how the redemption provisions will affect the Bonds.

--- Page 39 ---
- 27 - 
 
 
HOW THE RETURN ON YOUR INVESTMENT IS CALCULATED 
THE WORKED EXAMPLES PRESENTED BELOW ARE FOR ILLUSTRATIVE PURPOSES ONLY 
AND ARE IN NO WAY REPRESENTATIVE OF ACTUAL PRICING. THE WORKED EXAMPLES 
ARE INTENDED TO DEMONSTRATE HOW AMOUNTS PAYABLE UNDER THE BONDS ARE 
CALCULATED UNDER A VARIETY OF SCENARIOS. THE ACTUAL AMOUNTS PAYABLE (IF 
ANY) WILL BE CALCULATED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE CONDITIONS OF YOUR BONDS 
AS SET OUT IN APPENDIX B (CONDITIONS OF THE BONDS) AND THE FINAL TERMS 
RELATING TO THE BONDS. 
General 
A bond is essentially an IOU; it is a promise by a borrower (the issuer) to repay money to an investor (the 
bondholder), usually with interest on the amount of money that it borrows.  Payments to investors in bonds 
usually comprise two elements: repayment of the principal amount invested by the investor upon maturity 
of the relevant bond and payment of any interest which accrues on such principal amount throughout the 
life of the bond.  This Section 3 describes how interest will be calculated on Bonds issued under the 
Programme and the amounts that an investor will receive upon redemption of the Bonds that it purchases. 
Interest 
Two types of Bonds may be issued under this Information Memorandum: fixed rate Bonds, on which the 
Issuer will pay interest at a fixed rate, and floating rate Bonds, on which the Issuer will pay interest at a 
floating rate.   
Fixed rate Bonds may be issued as Jubilee Bonds (Euro Jubilee Bonds or Sterling Jubilee Bonds), Mazel 
Tov Savings Bonds (Euro Mazel Tov Savings Bonds, Sterling Mazel Tov Savings Bonds or U.S. Dollar 
Mazel Tov Savings Bonds), Savings Bonds (Euro Savings Bonds, Sterling Savings Bonds or U.S. Dollar 
Savings Bonds), U.S. Dollar Maccabee Fixed Rate Bonds, U.S. Dollar Jubilee Fixed Rate Bonds, U.S. 
Dollar Sabra Savings Bonds, eMazel Tov Savings Bonds (Euro eMazel Tov Savings Bonds, Sterling 
eMazel Tov Savings Bonds or U.S. Dollar eMazel Tov Savings Bonds) or Shalom Savings Bonds (Euro 
Shalom Savings Bonds, Sterling Shalom Savings Bonds or U.S. Dollar Shalom Savings Bonds), all as 
described herein.  Floating rate Bonds may be issued as Euro Floating Rate Bonds or U.S. Dollar Floating 
Rate LIBOR Bonds, all as described herein. 
The examples below are intended to demonstrate how the return on your investment will be calculated 
depending on the interest type. 
Fixed Rate Bonds 
Fixed rate Bonds pay a periodic and predetermined fixed rate of interest over the life of the Bond.  This 
means that the interest rate of a Bond is fixed as a set percentage at the time of issue. 
Factors affecting the level of fixed rate interest include the length of maturity of the Bond (generally, the 
longer the maturity, the higher the interest rate, since investors must wait longer for a return on their 
investment). 
Unless your Bonds are redeemed early, in respect of each Bond and on each interest payment date you will 
receive an amount calculated by applying the relevant fixed rate to the principal amount.  Interest accrues 
from (and including) the issue date of the relevant Bond up to (but not including) the maturity date on the 
basis of a 365-day year and the number of days elapsed.

--- Page 40 ---
- 28 - 
 
 
 
Interest on fixed rate Bonds may be paid twice in each year and upon maturity or upon the maturity date of 
the relevant Bonds only, depending on the type of Bonds.  See Appendix B (Conditions of the Bonds). 
Floating Rate Bonds 
Floating rate Bonds pay interest that is calculated by reference to a fluctuating interest rate benchmark, 
which will be the London inter-bank offered rate (LIBOR) (or, if LIBOR is discontinued, such other interest 
rate as may be selected by the Calculation Agent as further described herein) for U.S. Dollar Floating Rate 
LIBOR Bonds or the Eurozone inter-bank offered rate (EURIBOR) for Euro Floating Rate Bonds. 
It is common for an investor to receive a margin, known as the spread, which is added to or subtracted from 
the floating interest rate.  The margin (or spread) is usually a fixed number of basis points.  Each basis point 
is one hundredth (1/100th) of one percentage point or 0.01% (which is 0.0001 in decimal form).  The 
applicable margin (or spread) of each Bond shall remain fixed until maturity.   
After the initial interest period, the floating interest rate is recalculated on or around the start of each new 
interest period and applies for the length of that interest period.  The Conditions specify when the 
benchmark rate will be determined for each interest period.  If the screen rate is not published on 
Bloomberg, or such other recognised quotation system as may be designated by State of Israel from time 
to time, on a particular day for whatever reason, so that it is not possible to determine the relevant 
benchmark rate, the Conditions contain "fallback" provisions to cover this event.   
Unless your Bonds are redeemed early, in respect of each Bond and on each interest payment date, you will 
receive an amount calculated by applying the rate of interest for that interest period to the principal amount. 
The rate of interest for any interest period will be determined by adding the relevant margin to the level of 
the interest rate benchmark for such interest period (or subtracting the relevant margin, if the margin is a 
negative number). Interest accrues from (and including) the issue date of the relevant Bond up to (but not 
including) the maturity date on the basis of a 365-day year and the number of days elapsed.  In no event 
will the interest rate payable on the floating rate Bonds be less than 0% per year. 
WORKED EXAMPLE: FIXED RATE BONDS 
Assuming, for the purpose of this worked example only, that: 
• 
an investor purchases £1,000 of Sterling Jubilee Bonds; 
• 
the issue price of such Bonds is 100%; 
• 
the fixed interest rate of such Bonds is 3.00% per annum; and 
• 
interest accrues on the basis of a 365-day year and the number of days elapsed and the 
actual number of calendar days in the interest period is 183, 
then the interest amount payable on the interest payment date will be £15.04 (rounded to two 
decimal places). This figure is calculated as fixed interest of 3.00%, or 0.03 × £1,000 × 183/365.

--- Page 41 ---
- 29 - 
 
 
 
Redemption 
Redemption at maturity 
The Bonds to be issued under the Programme will be redeemed at their principal amount on maturity.  
Unless your Bonds are redeemed early (as described below) or are purchased and cancelled, if you 
purchased £1,000 in principal amount of the Bonds, you will receive £1,000 from the Issuer on the maturity 
date of the Bonds.  This is known as redemption at par.  
Early redemption  
The State of Israel is entitled to redeem or repurchase any issued Bonds in whole or in part at any time and 
has reserved the right to repurchase the Bonds in whole or in part, at any time, at such terms and under such 
conditions as may be determined by the State of Israel. Redemption at the request of a Bond holder is not 
possible, except upon the death of the last surviving natural person who owned the Bond or upon the 
termination of an employee benefit scheme in accordance with the Conditions.  See Appendix B 
(Conditions of the Bonds ― Early Redemption). 
If the Bonds are redeemed prior to their maturity date, you will be paid a purchase price equal to the 
principal amount of the Bond together with interest accrued to the redemption or repurchase date.   
WORKED EXAMPLE: FLOATING RATE BONDS 
Assuming, for the purpose of this worked example only, that: 
• 
an investor purchases €1,000 of Euro Floating Rate Bonds; 
• 
the issue price of such Bonds is 100%; 
• 
the Reference Rate is 6 month EURIBOR; 
• 
the margin is +200 basis points (or 2.00%); and 
• 
interest accrues on the basis of a 365-day year and the number of days elapsed and the 
actual number of calendar days in the interest period is 181, 
then if the reference rate on the relevant interest determination date is shown on the Relevant 
Screen Page as 2.10%, the interest amount payable on the corresponding interest payment date 
will be equal to €20.33 (rounded to two decimal places). This figure is calculated as €1,000 × rate 
of interest of 4.10% (or 0.041) x 181/365. The rate of interest (4.10%) is calculated as the 
Reference Rate of 2.10% (or 0.021) plus 2.00% (or 200 basis points) margin.

--- Page 42 ---
- 30 - 
 
 
SECTION 4. INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
This section contains a description of the information that is deemed to be incorporated by reference into 
this Information Memorandum.

--- Page 43 ---
- 31 - 
 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following information shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Information 
Memorandum save that any statement contained herein or in a document which is incorporated by reference 
herein shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Information Memorandum to 
the extent that a statement contained in any such subsequent document which is subsequently incorporated 
by reference herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or 
otherwise), provided that such modifying or superseding statement is made by way of a supplement to this 
Information Memorandum pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation: 
1. 
Exhibit D to the Issuer's Annual Report on Form 18-K (the "Form 18-K") to the United States 
Securities and Exchange Commission for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 dated as of 
June 
30, 
2021 
which 
has 
been 
submitted 
to 
and 
filed 
with 
the 
CBI: 
https://israelbondsintl.com/pdf/18K-2021.pdf: 
Currency Protocol 
Page D-5 
Fiscal Year 
Page D-5 
Forward-Looking Statements 
Page D-6 
COVID-19 
Pages D-6 to D-10 (inclusive) 
Summary Information and Recent Developments 
Pages D-11 to D-17 (inclusive) 
State of Israel 
Pages D-18 to D-27 (inclusive) 
The Economy 
Pages D-28 to D-53 (inclusive) 
Balance of Payments and Foreign Trade 
Pages D-54 to D-65 (inclusive) 
The Financial System 
Pages D-66 to D-84 (inclusive) 
Public Finance 
Pages D-85 to D-91 (inclusive) 
Public Debt 
Pages D-92 to D-100 (inclusive) 
Debt Record 
Pages D-101 to D-111 (inclusive) 
2. 
The section "COVID-19" on page D-1 of the Amendment No. 1 (the "Amendment No. 1") to the 
Form 18-K dated as of August 17, 2021 which has been submitted to and filed with the CBI: 
https://israelbondsintl.com/pdf/18K-2021-amendment1.pdf  
3. 
The Issuer’s Annual Report of the Government Debt Management Unit in the Accountant 
General's 
Office 
for 
the 
year 
2020: 
https://www.gov.il/BlobFolder/dynamiccollectorresultitem/annual-debt-report-2020/en/files-
eng_Annual-Debt-Reports_annual-debt-report-2020-print-eng.pdf  
4. 
The section headed "Conditions of the Bonds" set out on pages 76 to 100 (inclusive) of the 
information 
memorandum 
relating 
to 
the 
Programme 
dated 
January 
4, 
2021: 
https://israelbondsintl.com/pdf/2021InformationMemorandum.pdf 
5. 
The section headed "Form of Final Terms" set out on pages 58 to 70 (inclusive) of the information 
memorandum 
relating 
to 
the 
Programme 
dated 
January 
4, 
2021: 
https://israelbondsintl.com/pdf/2021InformationMemorandum.pdf 
Electronic copies of any documents incorporated by reference herein and in any supplements hereto will 
be available on the Promoters' website at www.israelbondsintl.com and physical copies may also be 
inspected at their offices at the addresses specified on the last page of this Information Memorandum.

--- Page 44 ---
- 32 - 
 
 
Where a document incorporated by reference in turn incorporates information by reference, such 
information does not form part of the Information Memorandum for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Those parts of the document incorporated by reference which are not incorporated by reference into this 
Information Memorandum (which, for the avoidance of doubt, means any parts not listed in the cross-
reference list above) are either not relevant for prospective investors in the Bonds or the relevant 
information is included elsewhere in this Information Memorandum. 
If the terms of the Programme are modified or amended in a manner which would make this Information 
Memorandum, as supplemented, inaccurate or misleading, a new Information Memorandum will be 
prepared to the extent required by law.

--- Page 45 ---
- 33 - 
 
 
SECTION 5. SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
This section contains a description of certain selling restrictions applicable to making offers of the Bonds 
under the Programme.

--- Page 46 ---
- 34 - 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
By arranging offers of Bonds to any Investor, each Promoter is hereby deemed to acknowledge, undertake, 
represent and warrant and agree (as the case may be), in each case for the benefit of the Issuer, as follows: 
United States of America 
The Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements.  Subject to certain exceptions, Bonds may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or to U.S. persons.  Each Promoter represents and agrees that it will not offer, sell or deliver any 
Bonds within the United States or to U.S. persons except as permitted by the above-mentioned exceptions. 
The Bonds are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. tax regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the Prospectus Regulation 
In relation to each Member State of the EEA, each Promoter represents and agrees that it has not made and 
will not make an offer of Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Information 
Memorandum as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State, and 
provided that the Issuer has consented in writing to the use of this Information Memorandum for any such 
offers, except that it may make an offer of such Bonds to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms specify that a Public Offer of those Bonds may be made, following the date of 
publication of a prospectus in relation to such Bonds which has been approved by the competent 
authority in that Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another Member State and 
notified to the competent authority in that Member State, provided that any such prospectus has 
subsequently been completed by the Final Terms contemplating such Public Offer, in accordance 
with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such 
prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the 
purpose of that Public Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the Promoters for any such 
offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Bonds referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or the Promoters 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Bonds to the public" in relation to any Bonds 
in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Bonds, and the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  
United Kingdom 
Each Promoter represents and agrees that it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of 
the FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Bonds in, from or otherwise involving the 
United Kingdom.  
Japan 
The Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of 
Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended) and, accordingly, each Promoter undertakes that it will not offer 
or sell any Bonds directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any Japanese Person or to others

--- Page 47 ---
- 35 - 
 
 
for reoffering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any Japanese Person except under circumstances 
which will result in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and guidelines promulgated by the 
relevant Japanese governmental and regulatory authorities and in effect at the relevant time.  For the 
purposes of this paragraph, "Japanese Person" shall mean any person resident in Japan, including any 
corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan. 
Belgium 
Each Promoter represents and agrees that an offering of Bonds may not be advertised to any individual in 
Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, 
as amended from time to time (a "Belgian Consumer") and that is has not offered, sold or resold, 
transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Bonds, and that it has not 
distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any 
similar documents in relation to the Bonds, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
General 
Each Promoter agrees that it will (i) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in force in 
any jurisdiction in which it promotes or arranges any purchases, offers, sales or deliveries of Bonds or in 
which it possesses or distributes this Information Memorandum and (ii) obtain any consent, approval or 
permission required for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Bonds under the laws and regulations 
in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it promotes or arranges such purchases, offers, 
sales or deliveries and the Issuer shall not have any responsibility therefor. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Promoters represent that Bonds may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption 
available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
The issue of the Bonds will not be underwritten and there is no minimum subscription on which the issue 
of the Bonds is conditional.

--- Page 48 ---
- 36 - 
 
 
SECTION 6. TAXATION 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
If you are considering purchasing Bonds, it is important that you understand the taxation consequences of 
investing in the Bonds.  It is recommended that you read this section and discuss the taxation consequences 
with your tax adviser, financial adviser or other professional adviser before deciding whether to invest in 
the Bonds.

--- Page 49 ---
- 37 - 
 
 
TAXATION 
 
Tax legislation, including in the country where the investor is domiciled or tax resident and in the 
Issuer’s country of incorporation, may have an impact on the income that an investor receives from 
the Bonds. 
The following is intended as general information only and should be treated with appropriate caution. It is 
not intended as tax advice and it does not purport to present any comprehensive or complete description of 
all aspects of any applicable tax law which could be of relevance to a Bond holder. Bond holders who are 
in any doubt as to their tax position should consult their professional advisers. 
The State of Israel 
Payments by the State of Israel 
Interest and principal sums due under the Bonds will be paid by the State of Israel without deduction for or 
on account of any present or future taxes or duties imposed or levied by or within the State of Israel (other 
than where the Bond holder is subject to such taxes or duties for a reason other than the holding or ownership 
of the Bond or the receipt of income therefrom). The Promoters' understanding as of the date of this 
Information Memorandum is that in all circumstances payments of interest may be made by State of Israel 
without deduction of any withholding tax.  
Payments to non-residents of the State of Israel  
Under Israeli law as presently in effect, payments made under the Bonds to Bond holders who are not 
residents of the State of Israel will be exempt from Israeli taxation, and there are no transfer, stamp or 
similar taxes under the laws of the State of Israel payable in connection with the issue or redemption of the 
Bonds.  
Other tax consequences for Bond holders 
Bond holders who may be liable to taxation in jurisdictions other than the State of Israel in respect of their 
acquisition, holding or disposal of the Bonds are particularly advised to consult their professional advisers 
as to whether they are so liable (and if so under the laws of which jurisdictions), since the preceding 
comments relate only to certain aspects of taxation in the State of Israel.  In particular, Bond holders should 
be aware that they may be liable to taxation under the laws of other jurisdictions in relation to payments in 
respect of the Bonds even if such payments may be made without withholding or deduction for or on 
account of taxation under the laws of the State of Israel. 
Austria 
General 
The following is a brief summary of some principles of Austrian tax law that may be of relevance for 
Austrian resident holders of the Bonds. It does not claim to fully describe all Austrian tax consequences of 
the acquisition, ownership, disposition or redemption of the Bonds. This summary does not take into 
account or discuss the tax laws of any country other than Austria nor does it take into account the investors' 
individual circumstances.  
This summary is based on Austrian law as in force when drawing up this Information Memorandum. The 
laws and their interpretation by the tax authorities may change and such changes may also have retroactive 
effect. 
Investors are advised to consult their own professional advisors in this regard. 
Taxation of interest, capital gains or redemption gains upon disposal or redemption of the Bonds 
Individual Investors

--- Page 50 ---
- 38 - 
 
 
Interest income derived from the bond and Capital gains upon the disposal or the redemption of the Bonds 
are subject to a 27.5 per cent flat tax rate. If the Bonds are deposited with an Austrian custodian bank, the 
bank will - in most circumstances - withhold the 27.5 per cent tax and forward it to the tax authorities.  
In case no withholding tax is levied on income from the Bonds (i.e., income is not paid out by an Austrian 
custodian bank or a paying agent in Austria), Austrian resident individual investors will have to declare the 
income derived from the Bonds in their income tax returns pursuant to the Austrian Income Tax Act. In 
this case the income from the Bonds is subject to a flat income tax rate of 27.5 per cent.  
In case the investor (natural person) is neither Austrian resident nor has his/her abode in Austria, Austrian 
income withholding tax will not apply on interest payments as well as capital gains from the redemption or 
disposal of the Bonds, provided that the issuer is not Austrian resident, does not have its seat or place of 
management in Austria or is not an Austrian branch of a foreign bank. The Austrian custodian or paying 
agent may refrain from withholding already at source, if the non-resident investor furnishes proof of non-
residency. 
Corporate Investors 
Corporate entities are in general subject to a 25 per cent flat corporate income tax rate. Capital gains 
incurred upon disposal or redemption of the Bonds are subject to this general 25 per cent taxation. 
Corporate investors deriving business income from the Bonds may avoid the application of withholding tax 
by filing a declaration of exemption (Befreiungserklärung) in the meaning of section 94 no 5 of the AITA 
with the custodian or paying agent. Additionally the Bonds have to be held in a custodial account with a 
credit institution. 
International Exchange of Information 
Based on the so-called "OECD Common Reporting Standard", the states which have committed themselves 
to implement this standard (Participating States) will exchange potentially taxation-relevant information 
about financial accounts which an individual holds in a Participating State other than his country of 
residence. 
Austria implemented the relevant directive of the European Council (2014/107/EU) with the Austrian 
Common Reporting Standard Act (Gemeinsamer Meldestandard-Gesetz, GMSG) which became effective 
on 1 January 2016.  
Responsibility for Withholding Taxes 
The Issuer is not subject to any liability for the withholding of taxes at source by the custodian bank or 
Austrian paying agent. Withholding tax is levied by an Austrian custodian or paying agent. 
Belgium 
Set out below is a summary of certain Belgian tax consequences of acquiring, holding and selling the Bonds.  
This summary is not intended to be an exhaustive description of all relevant Belgian tax considerations and 
investors should consult their own tax advisors regarding such considerations in relation to their own 
particular circumstances.  The description of certain Belgian taxes set out below is for general information 
only and does not purport to be comprehensive. This summary is based on current legislation, published 
case law and other published guidelines and regulations as in force at the date of this document and 
remains subject to any future amendments, which may or may not have retroactive effect. 
Income tax and withholding tax 
For Belgian tax purposes, interest includes any interest paid on the Bonds as well as any amount paid in 
excess of the initial issue price upon redemption or purchase by the Issuer.  On any sale of the Bonds to a 
party other than the Issuer between interest payment dates, an amount of the sale price equal to the interest 
accrued to the date of such sale is also taxable as interest income.  For the purposes of the following 
paragraphs, any such gains and accrued interest are therefore referred to as interest.   
• 
Belgian resident individual investors

--- Page 51 ---
- 39 - 
 
 
Payments of interest on the Bonds made to Belgian resident individuals for tax purposes, i.e. who are subject 
to Belgian personal income tax ("Impôt des personnes physiques"/"Personenbelasting”) through a financial 
institution or other intermediary established in Belgium will in principle be subject to a 30% withholding 
tax in Belgium (calculated on the interest received after deduction of any non-Belgian withholding taxes). 
The Belgian withholding tax constitutes the final income tax for Belgian resident individuals. This means 
that they do not have to declare the interest obtained on the Bonds in their personal income tax return, 
provided Belgian withholding tax was levied on these interest payments. 
However, if the interest is paid outside Belgium without the intervention of a Belgian paying agent, the 
interest received (after deduction of any non-Belgian withholding tax) must be declared in the personal 
income tax return and will be taxed at a flat rate of 30%. 
Capital gains realised on the sale of the Bonds are in principle tax exempt, unless the capital gains are 
realised outside the scope of the normal management of one's private estate or unless the capital gains 
qualify as interest. 
Capital losses are in principle not tax deductible. 
• 
Belgian resident corporate investors 
Payments of interest on the Bonds to Belgian resident corporate investors made through a financial 
institution or other intermediary established in Belgium will in principle be subject to a 30% withholding 
tax in Belgium, but can under certain circumstances be exempt from Belgian withholding tax, provided that 
certain formalities are complied with. The withholding tax that has been levied is creditable in accordance 
with the applicable legal provisions. 
Interest derived by Belgian resident corporate investors subject to Belgian corporate income tax ("Impôt 
des sociétés"/"Vennootschapsbelasting") on the Bonds and capital gains realised on the Bonds will be 
subject to Belgian corporate income tax at the ordinary corporate income tax rates. The ordinary corporate 
income tax rate is 25% (with a reduced rate of 20%, applying to the first tranche of EUR 100,000 of taxable 
income of qualifying small companies). If the income has been subject to a foreign withholding tax, a 
foreign tax credit will be applied on the Belgian tax due. For interest income, the foreign tax credit is 
generally equal to a fraction where the numerator is equal to the foreign tax and the denominator is equal 
to 100 minus the rate of the foreign tax, up to a maximum of 15/85 of the net amount received (subject to 
some further limitations). Capital losses are in principle tax deductible.   
• 
Other Belgian legal entities 
Payments of interest on the Bonds made to Belgian legal entities subject to Belgian tax on legal entities 
("Impôt des personnes morales"/"Rechtspersonenbelasting") through a financial institution or other 
intermediary established in Belgium will in principle be subject to a 30% withholding tax in Belgium 
(calculated on the interest received after deduction of any non-Belgian withholding taxes) and no further 
tax on legal entities will be due on the interest. 
If interest is paid outside Belgium without the intervention of a financial institution or other intermediary 
established in Belgium and without the deduction of Belgian withholding tax, the legal entity itself is 
responsible for the declaration and payment of the 30% withholding tax. 
Capital gains realised on the sale of the Bonds are in principle tax exempt, unless the capital gain qualifies 
as interest (as defined). Capital losses are in principle not tax deductible. 
• 
Non-resident investors 
Payments of interest on the Bonds made through a financial institution or other intermediary established in 
Belgium will in principle be subject to a 30% withholding tax in Belgium, unless a reduced rate or an 
exemption applies on the basis that the Bondholder is resident in a country with which Belgium has 
concluded a double taxation agreement and delivers the requested affidavit. 
Non-resident corporate investors who have allocated the Bonds to the exercise of a professional activity in 
Belgium through a permanent establishment are in principle subject to the same tax rules as the Belgian 
resident corporate investors (see above).

--- Page 52 ---
- 40 - 
 
 
Non-resident investors who have not allocated the Bonds to a Belgian establishment can also obtain an 
exemption of Belgian withholding tax on interest from the Bonds if certain conditions are met. No other 
Belgian income tax will be due by these investors. 
If the income is not collected through a professional intermediary in Belgium, no Belgian withholding tax 
will be due. 
Tax on stock exchange transactions 
The acquisition of the Bonds upon their issuance is not subject to the tax on stock exchange transactions 
("Taxe sur les opérations de bourse"/"Taks op de beursverrichtingen").  However, the sale and acquisition 
of the Bonds on the secondary market will be subject to a tax on stock exchange transactions if (i) executed 
in Belgium through a professional intermediary or (ii) deemed to be carried out in Belgium, which is the 
case if the order is directly or indirectly made to a professional intermediary established outside of Belgium, 
either by private individuals with habitual residence in Belgium or legal entities for the account of their seat 
or establishment in Belgium.  The tax is generally due at a rate of 0.12% on the Bonds and is collected by 
the professional intermediary, unless the professional intermediary is established outside of Belgium, in 
which case the investors must, in principle, declare and pay the tax themselves.  This is applied separately 
on each sale and each acquisition, up to a maximum of EUR 1,300 per taxable transaction.  Exemptions 
apply for certain categories of institutional investors and non-residents. 
As stated below, the European Commission has published a proposal for a Directive for a common FTT. 
The proposal currently stipulates that once the FTT enters into force, the participating Member States shall 
not maintain or introduce taxes on financial transactions other than the FTT (or VAT as provided in the 
Council Directive 2006/112/EC of November 28, 2006 on the common system of value added tax). For 
Belgium, the tax on stock exchange transactions should thus be abolished once the FTT enters into force. 
The proposal is still subject to negotiation between the participating Member States and therefore may be 
changed at any time. 
Annual tax on securities accounts 
Following the law of 17 February 2021, a new annual tax on securities accounts was introduced (the Annual 
Tax on Securities Accounts). The Annual Tax on Securities Accounts is levied on securities accounts of 
which the average value during the reference period (i.e. for calendar year 2021 beginning on 26 February 
2021 and ending on 30 September 2021 and thereafter the period of twelve consecutive months beginning 
on 1 October and ending, in principle, on 30 September of the next year), exceeds EUR 1,000,000. The 
Annual Tax on Securities Accounts is applicable to securities accounts that are held by resident individuals, 
companies and legal entities, irrespective as to whether these accounts are held with a financial intermediary 
in Belgium or abroad. The Annual Tax on Securities Accounts also applies to securities accounts held by 
non-residents individuals, companies and legal entities with a financial intermediary in Belgium. However, 
the Annual Tax on Securities Accounts is not levied on securities accounts held by specific types of 
regulated entities in the context of their own professional activity and for their own account. 
The applicable tax rate is equal to the lowest amount of either 0.15% of the average value of the financial 
instruments held on the account or 10% of the difference between the average value of the financial 
instruments held on the account and EUR 1,000,000. The tax base is the sum of the values of the taxable 
financial instruments at the different reference points in time (i.e. 31 December, 31 March, 30 June and 30 
September) divided by the number of those reference points in time. 
The Annual Tax on Securities Accounts needs to be withheld, declared and paid by the Belgian 
intermediary. Intermediaries not established or set up in Belgium have the possibility, when managing a 
securities account subject to the tax, to appoint a representative in Belgium approved by or on behalf of the 
Minister of Finance (the Annual Tax on Securities Accounts Representative). The Annual Tax on 
Securities Accounts Representative is jointly and severally liable vis-à-vis the Belgian State to declare and 
pay the tax and to fulfil all other obligations for intermediaries related to the Annual Tax on Securities 
Accounts, such as compliance with certain reporting obligations. In cases where no intermediary has 
withheld, declared and paid the Annual Tax on Securities Accounts, the holder of the securities account 
needs to declare and pay the tax himself, unless he can prove that the tax has already been withheld, declared 
and paid by either a Belgian intermediary or Annual Tax on Securities Accounts Representative of a foreign 
intermediary.

--- Page 53 ---
- 41 - 
 
 
A retroactive anti-abuse provision applying as from 30 October 2020 was also introduced, targeting (i) the 
splitting of a securities account into multiple accounts held with the same financial intermediary and (ii) the 
conversion of taxable financial instruments into registered financial instruments. Furthermore, a general 
anti-abuse provision was introduced. 
Investors should consult their own tax advisers in relation to this new Annual Tax on Securities Accounts. 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Responsibility of the Issuer for the withholding of taxes at source 
The Issuer does not assume any responsibility for the withholding of taxes at source. 
Taxation 
The following is a general discussion of certain German tax consequences of the acquisition, holding and 
disposal of Bonds.  It does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all German tax considerations 
that may be relevant to a decision to purchase Bonds, and, in particular, does not consider any specific 
facts or circumstances that may apply to a particular purchaser.  This summary is based on the tax laws of 
Germany currently in force and as applied on the date of this Information Memorandum, which are subject 
to change, possibly with retroactive or retrospective effect. 
As each Series or Tranche of Bonds may be subject to a different tax treatment due to the specific terms of 
such Series or Tranche of Bonds as set out in the respective Final Terms, the following section only provides 
some general information on the possible tax treatment. Tax consequences that may arise if an investor 
combines certain series of Bonds so that he or she derives a certain return are not discussed herein. 
The law as currently in effect provides for a reduced tax rate for certain investment income. There is an 
on-going discussion in Germany whether the reduced tax rate should be increased or abolished altogether 
so that investment income would be taxed at regular rates. It is still unclear, whether, how and when the 
current discussion may result in any legislative changes. Prospective purchasers of Bonds are advised to 
consult their own tax advisors as to the tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposal of Bonds, 
including the effect of any state, local or church taxes, under the tax laws of Germany and any country in 
which they are resident or whose tax laws apply to them for other reasons. 
German Tax Residents 
The section “German Tax Residents” refers to persons who are tax residents of Germany (i.e. persons whose 
residence, habitual abode, statutory seat, or place of effective management and control is located in 
Germany). 
Withholding tax on on-going payments and capital gains 
On-going payments received by a non-business holder will be subject to German withholding tax if the 
Bonds are kept or administered in a custodial account with a German branch of a German or non-German 
bank or financial services institution, a German securities trading company or a German securities trading 
bank (each, a "Disbursing Agent", auszahlende Stelle).  The tax rate is 25 per cent. (plus solidarity 
surcharge at a rate of 5.5 per cent. thereon, the total withholding being 26.375 per cent.).  For individual 
holders who are subject to church tax an electronic information system for church withholding tax purposes 
applies in relation to investment income, with the effect that church tax will be collected by the Disbursing 
Agent by way of withholding unless the investor has filed a blocking notice (Sperrvermerk) with the 
German Federal Central Tax Office (Bundeszentralamt für Steuern) in which case the investor will be 
assessed to church tax.  
The same treatment applies to capital gains (i.e. the difference between the proceeds from the disposal, 
redemption, repayment or assignment after deduction of expenses directly related to the disposal, 
redemption, repayment or assignment and the cost of acquisition) derived by a non-business holder 
provided the Bonds have been kept or administered in a custodial account with the same Disbursing Agent 
since the time of their acquisition.  If similar Bonds kept or administered in the same custodial account 
were acquired at different points in time, the Bonds first acquired will be deemed to have been sold first for 
the purposes of determining the capital gains.  Where Bonds are acquired and/or sold or redeemed in a 
currency other than Euro, the sales/redemption price and the acquisition costs have to be converted into

--- Page 54 ---
- 42 - 
 
 
Euro on the basis of the foreign exchange rates prevailing on the sale or redemption date and the acquisition 
date respectively with the result that any currency gains or losses are part of the capital gains. If interest 
claims are disposed of separately (i.e. without the Bonds), the proceeds from the disposal are subject to 
withholding tax.  The same applies to proceeds from the payment of interest claims if the Bonds have been 
disposed of separately. 
To the extent the Bonds have not been kept or administered in a custodial account with the same Disbursing 
Agent since the time of their acquisition, upon the disposal, redemption, repayment or assignment 
withholding tax applies at a rate of 26.375 per cent. (including solidarity surcharge, plus church tax, if 
applicable) on 30 per cent. of the disposal proceeds (plus interest accrued on the Bonds ("Accrued 
Interest", Stückzinsen), if any), unless the current Disbursing Agent has been notified of the actual 
acquisition costs of the Bonds by the previous Disbursing Agent or by a statement of a bank or financial 
services institution from another Member State of the European Union or the EEA or from certain other 
countries (e.g. Switzerland or Andorra). 
Pursuant to administrative guidance losses incurred by a bondholder from bad debt (Forderungsausfall) or 
a waiver of a receivable (Forderungsverzicht) are generally not tax-deductible.  Despite conflicting case 
law of the Federal Tax Court (Bundesfinanzhof) in this regard and a new legislation (see below) the 
Disbursing Agent has to follow the view of the tax authorities expressed in the administrative guidance 
when computing the tax to be withheld. It is not yet clear if and to what extent the tax authorities will reflect 
the recent developments in their interpretation of the law. 
In computing any German tax to be withheld, the Disbursing Agent generally deducts from the basis of the 
withholding tax negative investment income realised by a non-business holder of the Bonds via the 
Disbursing Agent (e.g. losses from the sale of other securities with the exception of shares).  The Disbursing 
Agent also deducts Accrued Interest on the Bonds or other securities paid separately upon the acquisition 
of the respective security by a non-business holder via the Disbursing Agent.  In addition, subject to certain 
requirements and restrictions the Disbursing Agent credits foreign withholding taxes levied on investment 
income in a given year regarding securities held by a non-business holder in the custodial account with the 
Disbursing Agent. 
Non-business holders are entitled to an annual allowance (Sparer-Pauschbetrag) of EUR 801 (EUR 1,602 
for couples and partners filing jointly) for all investment income received in a given year.  Upon the non-
business holder filing an exemption certificate (Freistellungsauftrag) with the Disbursing Agent, the 
Disbursing Agent will take the allowance into account when computing the amount of tax to be withheld.  
No withholding tax will be deducted if the holder of the Bonds has submitted to the Disbursing Agent a 
certificate of non-assessment (Nichtveranlagungs-Bescheinigung) issued by the competent local tax office. 
German withholding tax will not apply to gains from the disposal, redemption, repayment or assignment of 
Bonds held by a corporation while on-going payments, such as interest payments, are subject to withholding 
tax (irrespective of any deductions of foreign tax and capital losses incurred).  The same may apply where 
the Bonds form part of a trade or business, subject to further requirements being met.  
Taxation of current income and capital gains 
The personal income tax liability of a non-business holder deriving income from capital investments under 
the Bonds is, in principle, settled by the tax withheld.  To the extent withholding tax has not been levied, 
such as in the case of Bonds kept in custody abroad or if no Disbursing Agent is involved in the payment 
process, the non-business holder must report his or her income and capital gains derived from the Bonds 
on his or her tax return and then will also be taxed at a rate of 25 per cent. (plus solidarity surcharge and 
church tax thereon, where applicable).  If the withholding tax on a disposal, redemption, repayment or 
assignment has been calculated from 30 per cent. of the disposal proceeds (rather than from the actual gain), 
a non-business holder may and in case the actual gain is higher than 30 per cent. of the disposal proceeds 
must also apply for an assessment on the basis of his or her actual acquisition costs.  Further, a non-business 
holder may request that all investment income of a given year is taxed at his or her lower individual tax rate 
based upon an assessment to tax with any amounts over withheld being refunded.  In each case, the 
deduction of expenses (other than transaction costs) on an itemized basis is not permitted.  
The offsetting of losses incurred by a non-business holder is subject to several restrictions. Losses incurred 
with respect to the Bonds can only be offset against investment income realised in the same or the following 
years.  According to a recently introduced legislation losses from capital claims of private investors can

--- Page 55 ---
- 43 - 
 
 
now be offset against income derived from capital investments up to an amount of EUR 20,000.00 p.a. 
Losses exceeding that threshold can be carried forward. 
Where Bonds form part of a trade or business the withholding tax, if any, will not settle the personal or 
corporate income tax liability.  Where Bonds form part of a trade or business, interest (accrued) must be 
taken into account as income.  The respective holder will have to report income and related (business) 
expenses on the tax return and the balance will be taxed at the holder's applicable tax rate.  Withholding tax 
levied, if any, will be credited against the personal or corporate income tax of the holder.  Where Bonds 
form part of a German trade or business the current income and gains from the disposal, redemption, 
repayment or assignment of the Bonds may also be subject to German trade tax.     
Non-German Tax Residents 
Interest and capital gains are not subject to German taxation, unless (i) the Bonds form part of the business 
property of a permanent establishment, including a permanent representative, or a fixed base maintained in 
Germany by the holder or (ii) the income otherwise constitutes German-source income.  In cases (i) and 
(ii) a tax regime similar to that explained above in the subsection "German Tax Residents" applies. 
Non-residents of Germany are, in general, exempt from German withholding tax on interest and capital 
gains.  However, where the income is subject to German taxation as set forth in the preceding paragraph 
and the Bonds are kept or administered in a custodial account with a Disbursing Agent, withholding tax 
may be levied under certain circumstances.  Where Bonds are not kept in a custodial account with a 
Disbursing Agent and interest or proceeds from the disposal, assignment or redemption of a Bond are paid 
by a Disbursing Agent to a non-resident upon delivery of the Bonds, withholding tax generally will also 
apply.  The withholding tax may be refunded based on an assessment to tax or under an applicable tax 
treaty.  
Solidarity surcharge  
Pursuant to recently introduced legislation, the solidarity surcharge is partially abolished as of the 
assessment period 2021 for certain individuals. The solidarity surcharge shall, however, continue to apply 
for investment income and, thus, on withholding taxes levied. In case the individual income tax burden for 
a non-business holder of Bonds tax resident in Germany is lower than 25% such holder can apply for his/her 
investment income being assessed at his/her individual tariff-based income tax rate in which case solidarity 
surcharge would be refunded (see above). 
Inheritance and Gift Tax 
No inheritance or gift taxes with respect to any Bonds will arise under the laws of Germany, if, in the case 
of inheritance tax, neither the deceased nor the beneficiary, or, in the case of gift tax, neither the donor nor 
the donee, is a resident of Germany and such Bond is not attributable to a German trade or business for 
which a permanent establishment is maintained, or a permanent representative has been appointed, in 
Germany.  Exceptions from this rule apply to certain German expatriates. 
Other Taxes 
No stamp, issue or registration taxes or similar duties will be payable in Germany in connection with the 
issuance, delivery or execution of the Bonds.  Currently, net assets tax (Vermögensteuer) is not levied in 
Germany. 
France 
The following is an overview of certain French withholding tax considerations relating to the holding of 
the Bonds. It does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations which may 
be relevant to a decision to subscribe, purchase, hold or dispose of the Bonds. Each prospective holder or 
beneficial owner of the Bonds should consult its tax advisor as to the tax consequences of any investment 
in the Bonds. This overview is based on the laws in force in France as of the date of this Information 
Memorandum and is subject to any changes in law and/or interpretation thereof (potentially with a 
retroactive effect).

--- Page 56 ---
- 44 - 
 
 
Payments by the Issuer under the Bonds will be made free of any compulsory withholding or deduction for 
or on account of any taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld, or assessed by France or any 
political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein. 
However, if the paying agent (établissement payeur) is established in France, pursuant to Article 125 A I 
of the French Code général des impôts, interest and similar income received by individuals who are fiscally 
domiciled (domiciliés fiscalement) in France are (subject to certain exceptions) subject to a 12.8 per cent. 
withholding tax, which is deductible from their personal income tax liability in respect of the year in which 
the payment has been made. Social contributions (CSG, CRDS and solidarity levy) are (subject to certain 
exceptions) also levied by way of withholding at a global rate of 17.2 per cent. on such interest and similar 
income received by individuals who are fiscally domiciled (domiciliés fiscalement) in France. 
Ireland 
The following is a summary of the Irish withholding tax treatment of the Bonds. It is based on the laws and 
practice of the Revenue Commissioners of Ireland currently in force in Ireland as at the date of this 
Information Memorandum and may be subject to change. The summary does not purport to be a 
comprehensive description of all of the Irish tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to 
purchase, own or dispose of the Bonds. The summary does not constitute tax or legal advice and the 
comments below are of a general nature only and it does not discuss all aspects of Irish taxation that may 
be relevant to any particular holder of Bonds. Prospective investors in the Bonds should consult their 
professional advisers on the tax implications of the purchase, holding, redemption or sale of the Bonds and 
the receipt of payments thereon under any laws applicable to them. 
Irish Withholding Tax 
Irish withholding tax applies to certain payments including payments of: 
• 
Irish source yearly interest (yearly interest is interest that is capable of arising for a period in excess 
of one year); 
• 
Irish source annual payments (annual payments are payments that are capable of being made for a 
period in excess of one year and are pure income-profit in the hands of the recipient); and 
• 
Distributions (including interest that is treated as a distribution under Irish law) made by companies 
that are resident in Ireland for the purposes of Irish tax. 
Such withholding tax arises at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent.) to payments of Irish 
source yearly interest and Irish source annual payments, and at a prescribed rate of 25 per cent. to 
distributions. 
On the basis that the Issuer is not resident in Ireland for the purposes of Irish tax, nor does the Issuer operate 
in Ireland through a branch or agency with which the issue of the Bonds is connected, nor are the Bonds 
held in Ireland through a depository or otherwise located in Ireland, then to the extent that payments of 
interest or annual payments arise on the Bonds, such payments should not be regarded as payments having 
an Irish source for the purposes of Irish taxation. 
Accordingly, the Issuer or any paying agent acting on behalf of the Issuer should not be obliged to deduct 
any amount on account of these Irish withholding taxes from payments made in connection with the Bonds. 
Separately, for as long as the Bonds do not derive the greater part of their value from Irish land, buildings, 
exploration or mineral rights, a purchaser of the Bonds should not be obliged to deduct any amount on 
account of Irish tax from a payment made by it in connection with the purchase of the Bonds. 
Irish Encashment Tax 
Payments on any Bonds paid by a paying agent in Ireland or collected or realised by an agent in Ireland 
acting on behalf of the beneficial owner of Bonds will be subject to Irish encashment tax. Where the 
payment is made on or after 1 January 2021, encashment tax will apply at a prescribed rate of 25 per cent. 
unless it is proved, on a claim made in the required manner to the Revenue Commissioners of Ireland, that

--- Page 57 ---
- 45 - 
 
 
the beneficial owner of the Bonds entitled to the interest or distribution is not resident in Ireland for the 
purposes of Irish tax and such interest or distribution is not deemed, under the provisions of Irish tax 
legislation, to be income of another person that is resident in Ireland. In addition from 1 January 2021, an 
exemption will apply where the payment is made to a company where that company is beneficially entitled 
to that income and is or will be within the charge to corporation tax in respect of that income.  
Spain 
The statements herein regarding the tax legislation in Spain are based on the laws in force in Spain as of 
the date of this Programme (without prejudice to regional tax regimes in the Historical Territories of the 
Basque Country and the Community of Navarre or provisions passed by Autonomous Communities which 
may apply to investors for certain taxes) and are subject to any changes in law. The following summary 
does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations which may be relevant to 
make a decision in relation to the purchase, holding or disposal of the Bonds. Each prospective holder or 
beneficial owner of Bonds should consult its tax adviser as to the Spanish tax consequences of the 
acquisition, holding, settlement, redemption and disposal of the Bonds. 
As each series or tranche of Bonds may be subject to a different tax treatment due to the specific terms of 
such series or tranche of Bonds as set out in the respective Final Terms, the following section only provides 
some general information on the possible tax treatment. Tax consequences that may arise if an investor 
combines certain series of Bonds so that he or she derives a certain return are not discussed herein. 
Spanish Resident Individuals 
Personal Income Tax 
Personal Income Tax ("PIT") is levied on an annual basis on the worldwide income obtained by Spanish 
resident individuals, whatever its source and wherever the relevant payer is established. Therefore any 
income that a Spanish holder of the Bonds may receive under the Bonds will be subject to Spanish taxation. 
Both interest periodically received and income arising on the disposal, redemption or reimbursement of the 
Bonds obtained by individuals who are tax resident in Spain will be regarded as financial income for tax 
purposes (i.e. a return on investment derived from the transfer of own capital to third parties). 
These amounts will be included in the savings part of the taxable income subject to PIT at the following 
tax rates: (i) 19 per cent for taxable income up to EUR 6,000; (ii) 21 per cent for taxable income from EUR 
6,001 to EUR 50,000; (iii) 23 per cent for taxable income from EUR 50,000 to EUR 200,000; and (iv) 26 
per cent for any amount in excess of EUR 200,000. 
Spanish holders of the Bonds shall compute the gross interest obtained in the savings part of the taxable 
base of the tax period in which it is due, including amounts withheld, if any. 
Income arising on the disposal, redemption or reimbursement of the Bonds will be calculated as the 
difference between (a) their disposal, redemption or reimbursement value and (b) their acquisition or 
subscription value. Costs and expenses effectively borne on the acquisition and transfer of the Bonds may 
be taken into account for calculating the relevant taxable income, provided that they can be duly justified. 
Likewise, expenses related to the management and deposit of the Bonds, if any, will be tax-deductible, 
excluding those pertaining to discretionary or individual portfolio management. 
Losses that may derive from the transfer of the Bonds cannot be offset if the investor acquires homogeneous 
securities within the year period prior or subsequent to the transfer of the Bonds, until he/she transfers such 
homogeneous securities. 
Additionally, tax credits for the avoidance of international double taxation may apply in respect of taxes 
paid outside Spain on income deriving from the Bonds, if any. 
Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax 
Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax is levied on transfers of Bonds upon death or by gift to Spanish tax resident 
individuals, with the taxpayer being the transferee. General tax rates currently range from 7.65 per cent to 
81.60 per cent although the tax situation may vary depending on any applicable regional tax laws.

--- Page 58 ---
- 46 - 
 
 
Spanish Wealth Tax 
Individuals with tax residency in Spain are subject to Wealth Tax on their total net wealth, regardless of the 
location of their assets or of where their rights may be exercised, to the extent that their net worth exceeds 
EUR 700,000. Therefore, Spanish holders of the Bonds should take into account the value of the Bonds 
which they hold as at 31 December of each year, when calculating their Wealth Tax liabilities. The 
applicable tax rates range between 0.2 per cent and 3.5 per cent although the final tax rates may vary 
depending on any applicable regional tax laws, and some reductions may apply. 
Legal Entities with Tax Residence in Spain 
Corporate Income Tax 
Both interest periodically received and income arising on the disposal, redemption or reimbursement of the 
Bonds obtained by entities which are tax resident in Spain shall be computed as taxable income of the tax 
period in which they accrue. 
The general tax rate for Spanish Corporate Income Tax ("CIT") taxpayers is currently 25 per cent. This 
general rate will not be applicable to all CIT taxpayers and, for instance, it will not apply to banking 
institutions (which will be taxed at the rate of 30 per cent). Likewise, special rates apply in respect of certain 
types of entities (such as qualifying collective investment institutions). 
Tax credits for the avoidance of international double taxation may apply in respect of taxes paid outside 
Spain on income deriving from the Bonds, if any. 
Spanish Wealth Tax  
Legal entities resident in Spain for tax purposes are not subject to Wealth Tax. 
Inheritance and Gift Tax  
Legal entities resident in Spain for tax purposes which acquire ownership or other rights over the Bonds by 
inheritance, gift or legacy are not subject to the Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax but must include the 
market value of the Bonds in their taxable income for Spanish CIT purposes.  
Non-Resident Individuals and Legal Entities acting through a permanent establishment in Spain 
A non-resident holder of Bonds who has a permanent establishment in Spain to which such Bonds are 
attributable is subject to Spanish Non-Residents' Income Tax on any income obtained under the Bonds 
including both interest periodically received and income arising on the disposal, redemption or 
reimbursement of the Bonds. In general terms, the tax rules applicable to individuals and legal entities with 
no tax residence in Spain but acting through a permanent establishment in Spain are the same as those 
applicable to Spanish tax resident CIT taxpayers. 
Indirect Taxation 
As a general rule, the acquisition, transfer, redemption, reimbursement and exchange of the Bonds will be 
exempt from Transfer Tax and Stamp Duty as well as Value Added Tax. 
Reporting Obligations to the Spanish Tax Authorities 
Spanish resident holders of Bonds or non-resident holders with a permanent establishment in Spain to which 
the Bonds are effectively connected should seek advice from their tax adviser as to whether they should 
include the Bonds in the annual reporting (Form 720) to the Spanish Tax Authorities declaring assets and 
rights held outside Spain (filing in respect of Bonds held as of 31 December 2021 will be due by 31 March 
2022). Failure to satisfy this reporting obligation may trigger significant tax penalties and other tax 
implications. 
Spanish Withholding Tax 
Where a financial institution (either resident in Spain or acting through a permanent establishment in Spain) 
acts as depositary of the Bonds or intervenes as manager on the collection of any income under the Bonds, 
such financial institution will be responsible for making the relevant withholding on account of Spanish tax

--- Page 59 ---
- 47 - 
 
 
on any income deriving from the Bonds. To this effect income deriving from the Bonds will include not 
only interest payments but also income arising from the disposal, redemption or reimbursement of the 
Bonds, if any. 
The current withholding tax rate in Spain is 19 per cent. Amounts withheld in Spain, if any, can be credited 
against the final Spanish PIT liability, in the case of Spanish tax resident individuals, or against final 
Spanish CIT liability, in the case of Spanish corporate taxpayers, or against final Non-Residents' Income 
Tax liability, in the case of a Spanish permanent establishment of a non-resident holder of the Bonds.  
Furthermore, such financial institution may become obliged to comply with the formalities set out in the 
Regulations on Spanish PIT (Royal Decree 439/2007, of 30 March) and CIT (Royal Decree 634/2015, of 
10 July) when intervening in the transfer or reimbursement of the Bonds. 
The Netherlands 
The following summary outlines certain principal Dutch tax consequences of the acquisition, holding, 
redemption and disposal of Bonds, but does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all Dutch tax 
considerations that may be relevant. For purposes of Dutch tax law, a holder of Bonds may include an 
individual or entity who does not have the legal title of these Bonds, but to whom nevertheless the Bonds 
or the income thereof is attributed based on specific statutory provisions or on the basis of such individual 
or entity having an interest in the Bonds or the income thereof. This summary is intended as general 
information only and each prospective investor should consult a professional tax adviser with respect to 
the tax consequences of the acquisition, holding, redemption and disposal of Bonds. 
This summary is based on tax legislation, published case law, treaties, regulations and published policy, in 
each case as in force as of the date of this Information Memorandum, and it does not take into account any 
developments or amendments thereof after that date whether or not such developments or amendments 
have retroactive effect.  
This summary does not address the Dutch corporate and individual income tax consequences for:  
(a) 
investment institutions (fiscale beleggingsinstellingen);  
(b) 
pension funds, exempt investment institutions (vrijgestelde beleggingsinstellingen) or other Dutch 
tax resident entities that are not subject to or exempt from Dutch corporate income tax;  
(c) 
holders of Bonds holding a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) or deemed substantial 
interest (fictief aanmerkelijk belang) in the Issuer and holders of Bonds of whom a certain related 
person holds a substantial interest in the Issuer. Generally speaking, a substantial interest in the 
Issuer arises if a person, alone or, where such person is an individual, together with his or her 
partner (statutorily defined term), directly or indirectly, holds or is deemed to hold (i) an interest 
of 5% or more of the total issued capital of the Issuer or 5% or more of the issued capital of a 
certain class of shares of the Issuer, (ii) rights to acquire, directly or indirectly, such interest or (iii) 
certain profit-sharing rights in the Issuer;  
(d) 
persons to whom the Bonds and the income therefrom are attributed based on the separated private 
assets (afgezonderd particulier vermogen) provisions of the Dutch Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet 
inkomstenbelasting 2001);  
(e) 
entities which are a resident of Aruba, Curaçao or Sint Maarten and that have an enterprise which 
is carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative on Bonaire, Sint 
Eustatius or Saba and the Bonds are attributable to such permanent establishment or permanent 
representative; and 
(f) 
individuals to whom Bonds or the income there from are attributable to employment activities 
which are taxed as employment income in the Netherlands. 
For the purpose of the Dutch tax consequences described herein, it is assumed that the Issuer is neither a 
resident of the Netherlands nor deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for Dutch tax purposes nor has 
a permanent establishment in the Netherlands to which the Bonds are attributed.

--- Page 60 ---
- 48 - 
 
 
Where this summary refers to the Netherlands, such reference is restricted to the part of the Kingdom of 
the Netherlands that is situated in Europe and the legislation applicable in that part of the Kingdom. 
Dutch Withholding Tax 
All payments made by the Issuer under the Bonds may be made free of withholding or deduction for any 
taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by the Netherlands or any political 
subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein.  
Corporate and Individual Income Tax 
Residents of the Netherlands 
If a holder of Bonds is a resident of the Netherlands or deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for Dutch 
corporate income tax purposes and is fully subject to Dutch corporate income tax or is only subject to Dutch 
corporate income tax in respect of an enterprise to which the Bonds are attributable, income derived from 
the Bonds and gains realised upon the redemption or disposal of the Bonds are generally taxable in the 
Netherlands (at up to a maximum rate of 25%). 
If an individual is a resident of the Netherlands or deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for Dutch 
individual income tax purposes, income derived from the Bonds and gains realised upon the redemption or 
disposal of the Bonds are taxable at the progressive rates (at up to a maximum rate of 49.50%) under the 
Dutch Income Tax Act 2001, if: 
(a) 
the individual is an entrepreneur (ondernemer) and has an enterprise to which the Bonds are 
attributable or the individual has, other than as a shareholder, a co-entitlement to the net worth of 
an enterprise (medegerechtigde), to which enterprise the Bonds are attributable; or 
(b) 
such income or gains qualify as income from miscellaneous activities (resultaat uit overige 
werkzaamheden), which includes activities with respect to the Bonds that exceed regular, active 
portfolio management (normaal, actief vermogensbeheer). 
If neither condition (a) nor condition (b) above applies to the holder of the Bonds, taxable income with 
regard to the Bonds must be determined on the basis of a deemed return on savings and investments (sparen 
en beleggen), rather than on the basis of income actually received or gains actually realised. This deemed 
return on savings and investments is fixed at a percentage of the individual's yield basis 
(rendementsgrondslag) at the beginning of the calendar year (1 January), insofar as the individual's yield 
basis exceeds a statutory threshold (heffingvrij vermogen). The individual's yield basis is determined as the 
fair market value of certain qualifying assets held by the individual less the fair market value of certain 
qualifying liabilities on 1 January. The fair market value of the Bonds will be included as an asset in the 
individual's yield basis. The deemed return percentage to be applied to the yield basis increases 
progressively depending on the amount of the yield basis. The deemed return on savings and investments 
is taxed at a rate of 31%.  
Non-residents of the Netherlands 
If a person is neither a resident of the Netherlands nor is deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for 
Dutch corporate or individual income tax purposes, such person is not liable to Dutch income tax in respect 
of income derived from the Bonds and gains realised upon the redemption or disposal of the Bonds, unless: 
(a) 
the person is not an individual and such person (1) has an enterprise that is, in whole or in part, 
carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in the Netherlands to 
which permanent establishment or a permanent representative the Bonds are attributable, or (2) is, 
other than by way of securities, entitled to a share in the profits of an enterprise or a co-entitlement 
to the net worth of an enterprise, which is effectively managed in the Netherlands and to which 
enterprise the Bonds are attributable. 
This income is subject to Dutch corporate income tax at up to a maximum rate of 25%. 
(b) 
the person is an individual and such individual (1) has an enterprise or an interest in an enterprise 
that is, in whole or in part, carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent 
representative in the Netherlands to which permanent establishment or permanent representative

--- Page 61 ---
- 49 - 
 
 
the Bonds are attributable, or (2) realises income or gains with respect to the Bonds that qualify as 
income from miscellaneous activities in the Netherlands which include activities with respect to 
the Bonds that exceed regular, active portfolio management, or (3) is, other than by way of 
securities, entitled to a share in the profits of an enterprise that is effectively managed in the 
Netherlands and to which enterprise the Bonds are attributable. 
Income derived from the Bonds as specified under (1) and (2) by an individual is subject to 
individual income tax at progressive rates up to a maximum rate of 49.50%. Income derived from 
a share in the profits of an enterprise as specified under (3) that is not already included under (1) 
or (2) will be taxed on the basis of a deemed return on savings and investments (as described above 
under "Residents of the Netherlands"). 
Gift and Inheritance tax 
Dutch gift or inheritance taxes will not be levied on the occasion of the transfer of the Bonds by way of gift 
by, or on the death of, a holder of Bonds, unless: 
(a) 
the holder of the Bonds is, or is deemed to be, resident in the Netherlands for the purpose of the 
relevant provisions; or 
(b) 
the transfer is construed as an inheritance or gift made by, or on behalf of, a person who, at the 
time of the gift or death, is or is deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for the purpose of the 
relevant provisions. 
Value Added Tax 
In general, no value added tax will arise in respect of payments in consideration for the issue of the Bonds 
or in respect of a cash payment made under the Bonds, or in respect of a transfer of Bonds. 
Other Taxes and Duties 
No registration tax, customs duty, transfer tax, stamp duty, capital tax or any other similar documentary tax 
or duty will be payable in the Netherlands by a holder in respect of or in connection with the subscription, 
issue, placement, allotment, delivery or transfer of the Bonds. 
United Kingdom 
The following is a summary of the Issuer's understanding of current United Kingdom law and published 
HM Revenue and Customs’ practice relating to certain aspects of United Kingdom taxation.  References to 
“interest” refer to interest as that term is understood for United Kingdom tax purposes.  Some aspects do 
not apply to certain classes of person (such as dealers and persons connected with the Issuer) to whom 
special rules may apply. The United Kingdom tax treatment of prospective Bond holders depends on their 
individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future.  Prospective Bond holders who may 
be subject to tax in a jurisdiction other than the United Kingdom or who may be unsure as to their tax 
position should seek their own professional advice.   
A. 
Payments of interest on the Bonds 
Payments of interest on the Bonds may be made without deduction or withholding on account of 
United Kingdom income tax provided that the payments do not have a United Kingdom source. 
The Issuer does not assume responsibility for United Kingdom withholding taxes under the 
Conditions of the Bonds. 
B. 
United Kingdom Corporation Tax Payers 
In general, Bond holders which are within the charge to United Kingdom corporation tax will be 
charged to tax as income on all returns, profits or gains on, and fluctuations in value of, the Bonds 
(whether attributable to currency fluctuations or otherwise) broadly in accordance with their IFRS 
or UK GAAP accounting treatment.

--- Page 62 ---
- 50 - 
 
 
C. 
Other United Kingdom Tax Payers 
Interest on the Bonds may be subject to income tax by direct assessment even where paid without 
withholding. 
A disposal of Bonds by an individual Bond holder who is resident in the United Kingdom or who 
carries on a trade, profession or vocation in the United Kingdom through a branch or agency to 
which the Bonds are attributable, may give rise to a chargeable gain or allowable loss for the 
purposes of the United Kingdom taxation of chargeable gains. 
On a disposal of Bond by a Bond holder, any interest which has accrued since the last interest 
payment date may be chargeable to tax as income under the rules of the accrued income scheme 
as set out in Part 12 Income Tax Act 2007, if that Bond holder is resident in the United Kingdom 
or carries on a trade in the United Kingdom through a branch or agency to which the Bond are 
attributable. 
Notwithstanding the above, if the Bonds constitute "deeply discounted securities" for the purposes 
of Chapter 8 of Part 4 Income Tax (Trading and Other Income) Act 2005, then any gain realised 
on redemption or transfer of the Bonds by a Bond holder would generally be taxable as income 
but such Bond holder will not be able to claim relief from income tax in respect of costs incurred 
on the acquisition, transfer or redemption, or losses incurred on the transfer or redemption, of the 
Bonds. 
D. 
Stamp Duty and Stamp Duty Reserve Tax  
No United Kingdom stamp duty or stamp duty reserve tax is payable on the issue of the Bonds or 
on a transfer of the Bonds provided that the Bonds are “exempt loan capital” under section 79 
Finance Act 1986. 
 
Proposed Financial Transactions Tax ("FTT") 
On February 14, 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's Proposal") 
for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia, Slovakia (the "participating Member States") and Estonia. Estonia has since stated that it will 
not participate. 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in 
Bonds (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market transactions 
referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Bonds where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. 
A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad 
range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member 
State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating 
Member State. 
The FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States. It may therefore 
be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional European Union 
Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of Bonds are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 63 ---
- 51 - 
 
 
SECTION 7. IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO PUBLIC OFFERS OF BONDS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The following section contains important information regarding the basis on which this Information 
Memorandum may be used for the purpose of making public offers of Bonds.

--- Page 64 ---
- 52 - 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO PUBLIC OFFERS OF BONDS 
Application will be made for a certificate of approval under Article 25 of the Prospectus 
Regulation as implemented in Ireland to be issued by the CBI to the competent authorities in 
Austria, Belgium, France, Germany, Spain and the Netherlands for the purposes of making Public 
Offers of the Bonds (other than Exempt Bonds) in such jurisdictions during the period of twelve 
months after the date hereof. 
Public Offers of Bonds may only be made by the Promoters in the context of a Public Offer if the 
offer is made in Ireland, Austria, Belgium, France, Germany, Spain and the Netherlands as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and within the time period referred to in the Final Terms as 
the "Offer Period".  Other than as set out above, the Issuer has not authorised the making of any 
Public Offer of Bonds in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer to publish or 
supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
Please see below for certain important legal information relating to Public Offers. 
Public Offers of Bonds in the EEA 
Tranches of Bonds (other than Exempt Bonds) may, subject as provided below, be offered in any Member 
State (as defined herein) in circumstances where there is no exemption from the obligation under the 
Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus. Any such offer is referred to in this Information 
Memorandum as a "Public Offer". 
This Information Memorandum has been prepared on a basis that permits Public Offers of Bonds in Austria, 
Belgium, France, Germany, Ireland, Spain and the Netherlands (each, a "Public Offer Jurisdiction"). Any 
person making or intending to make a Public Offer of Bonds in a Public Offer Jurisdiction on the basis of 
this Information Memorandum must do so only with the consent of the Issuer – see "Consent given in 
accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation" below. 
If, after the date of this Information Memorandum, the Issuer intends to add one or more Member States to 
the list of Public Offer Jurisdictions for any purpose, it will prepare a supplement to this Information 
Memorandum specifying such Member State(s) and any relevant additional information required by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Such supplement will also set out provisions relating to the consent of the Issuer to 
the use of this Information Memorandum in connection with any Public Offer in any such additional Public 
Offer Jurisdiction(s). 
Save as provided above, the Issuer and the Promoters have not authorised, nor do they authorise, the making 
of any Public Offer of Bonds in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or the Promoters 
to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation 
As described more fully in the following paragraphs, express consent is given by the Issuer, as the person 
responsible for drawing up this Information Memorandum, to the use of this Information Memorandum by 
the Promoters and the Issuer accepts responsibility for the content of this Information Memorandum also 
with respect to sales of Bonds arranged by the Promoters.   
In the context of any Public Offer of Bonds in a Public Offer Jurisdiction, the Issuer accepts responsibility 
in that Public Offer Jurisdiction for the content of this Information Memorandum in relation to any person 
(an "Investor") in that Public Offer Jurisdiction to whom an offer of any Bonds is made via the Promoters 
provided that the offer is made in compliance with all conditions attached to the giving of the consent. Such 
consent and conditions are described below under "Consent". The Issuer has no responsibility for any of 
the actions of the Promoters, including compliance by the Promoters with any applicable conduct of 
business rules or other local regulatory or securities law requirements in that Public Offer Jurisdiction in 
relation to such Public Offer. 
Save as provided below, none of the Issuer or the Promoters has authorised the making of any Public 
Offer and the Issuer has not consented to the use of this Information Memorandum by any other 
person in connection with any Public Offer of Bonds. Any Public Offer made without the consent of

--- Page 65 ---
- 53 - 
 
 
the Issuer is unauthorised and neither the Issuer nor any of the Promoters accepts any responsibility 
or liability for the actions of the persons making any such unauthorised offer. 
If, in the context of a Public Offer, an Investor is offered Bonds via a person which is not a Promoter, 
the Investor should check with such person whether anyone is responsible for this Information 
Memorandum for the purposes of the Public Offer and, if so, who that person is. If the Investor is in 
any doubt about whether it can rely on this Information Memorandum and/or who is responsible for 
its contents it should take legal advice. 
Consent 
The Issuer consents to the use of this Information Memorandum in connection with a Public Offer of Bonds 
in any Public Offer Jurisdiction by the Promoters, provided that such consent: 
(a) 
is only valid in respect of the relevant Tranche of Bonds;  
(b) 
is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(c) 
only extends to the use of this Information Memorandum to make Public Offers of the relevant 
Tranche of Bonds in such of the Public Offer Jurisdictions as are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
The consent referred to above relates to Public Offers occurring within twelve months from the date of this 
Information Memorandum.  
Each Promoter will state on its website for so long as it uses this Information Memorandum in 
connection with Public Offers of Bonds in any Public Offer Jurisdiction that it uses this Information 
Memorandum in accordance with the consent and the conditions attached thereto contained herein. 
Terms of the Public Offers of Bonds: 
Promoters: Development Company for Israel (International) Limited and Development Company for Israel 
(Europe) GmbH.  
Offer Price: 100% of the aggregate principal amount of the Bonds. 
Offer Period(s): From the 1st of the month through the 14th of the month of the Issue Date in the case of 
Bonds issued on the 15th of the month or from the 15th of the month preceding the Issue Date through the 
last day of that month in the case of Bonds issued on the 1st of the month or (in the case of the Mazel Tov 
Savings Bonds, eMazel Tov Savings Bonds and Shalom Savings Bonds only) from the 1st of the month 
preceding the Issue Date through the last day of that month. 
Conditions to which the Public Offer is subject: The Issuer reserves the right to cancel or terminate early 
any Public Offer prior to its end date without giving notification of any such cancellation or early 
termination. For the avoidance of doubt, if any application to subscribe for the Bonds has been made by a 
potential investor and the Issuer exercises such right, each such potential investor shall not be entitled to 
subscribe or otherwise acquire the Bonds and any applications will be automatically cancelled and any 
purchase monies will be refunded to the applicant. 
The final amount of Bonds to be issued will be determined at the end of the Offer Period and will depend, 
among other things, on the total amount of received subscriptions in respect of the Bonds.   
Description of the application process: Investors may subscribe for the Bonds through the Promoters prior 
to the end of the Offer Period. Application for Bonds should be made by completing an investment form. 
Investors will also be required to sign the Promoters’ Terms of Business, complete a Client Information 
Form and provide satisfactory evidence of their identity for the Promoters’ anti-money laundering checks 
and provide any additional information required by local law in the jurisdiction of subscription.  These 
forms are available on the Promoters’ website or by contacting the Promoters directly. The State of Israel 
is not obliged to accept an investment form. 
Details of the possibility of reducing subscriptions and manner for refunding amounts paid in excess by

--- Page 66 ---
- 54 - 
 
 
applicants: Prospective investors in the Bonds should contact the Promoters for details regarding the 
possibility of reducing subscriptions during the Offer Period and the manner for refunding any excess 
amount paid. 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum amount of the application: The minimum amounts of application 
are: Euro Floating Rate Bonds - €5,000; Jubilee Bonds - €1,000 or £1,000; Mazel Tov Savings Bonds - 
€100, £100 or U.S.$100; 2-Year, 3-Year, 5-Year and 10-Year Savings Bonds - €5,000, £1,000 or 
U.S.$2,500; 1-Year Savings Bonds - €5,000, £5,000 or U.S.$5,000; U.S. Dollar Floating Rate LIBOR 
Bonds - U.S.$5,000; U.S. Dollar Jubilee Fixed Rate Bonds - U.S.$25,000; U.S. Dollar Maccabee Fixed 
Rate Bonds - U.S.$5,000; 2-Year, 3-Year, 5-Year and 10-Year U.S. Dollar Sabra Savings Bonds - 
U.S.$1,000; 1-Year U.S. Dollar Sabra Savings Bonds - U.S.$5,000, eMazel Tov Savings Bonds – €36, £36 
or U.S.$36 and Shalom Savings Bonds – €36, £36 or U.S.$36. The maximum amounts of application are:  
1-Year Savings Bonds - €1,000,000, £1,000,000 or U.S.$1,000,000, Mazel Tov Savings Bonds - €2,500, 
£2,500 or U.S.$2,500 on any Issue Date and registered in the name of any one holder, 1-Year U.S. Dollar 
Sabra Savings Bonds - U.S.$500,000 on any Issue Date, eMazel Tov Savings Bonds - U.S.$2,500, £2,500 
or €2,500 on any Issue Date and registered in the name of any one holder and Shalom Savings Bonds - 
€1,000,000, £1,000,000 or U.S.$1,000,000 on any Issue Date. 
Details of the method and time limits for paying up and delivering the Bonds: In order to purchase a Bond 
on a specific Issue Date, a purchaser's subscription documents must be accepted by or on behalf of the State 
of Israel and cleared funds in respect of the full purchase price of such Bond must be received and accepted 
in the account of Computershare Trust Company of Canada (the "Fiscal Agent") before such Issue Date 
(or before such other date announced by the State of Israel). The Bonds will be issued on the relevant Issue 
Date. If subscription documents are accepted by or on behalf of the State of Israel and/or clear funds are 
accepted or received in the account of the Fiscal Agent on or after an Issue Date (or such other date), the 
relevant Bond will be issued on a subsequent Issue Date.  When a Bond is issued on a subsequent Issue 
Date, the interest rate applicable to the Bond will be the interest rate applicable to such Issue Date. 
Manner in and date on which results of the Public Offer are to be made public: The Promoters, on behalf 
of the State of Israel, will announce the results of each Public Offer on their website as soon as practicable 
following the completion or termination of the Public Offer. 
Procedure for exercise of any right of pre-emption, negotiability of subscription rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised:  Not Applicable. 
Categories of potential investors to which the Bonds are offered:  Any person in the Public Offer 
Jurisdiction(s), save that Shalom Savings Bonds can only be issued to a Permitted Holder.  The Bonds may 
have a special appeal to persons with an interest in the State of Israel.  
Whether Tranche(s) have been reserved for certain countries:  No Tranche(s) have been reserved for certain 
countries. 
Process for notifying applicants of the amount allotted: Unless an application to purchase Bonds is not 
accepted by the State of Israel or a Public Offer is cancelled or terminated early, a prospective Bond holder 
will be allotted 100% of the Bonds applied for.  The Fiscal Agent will post a confirmation of the allotment 
of Bonds to the prospective Bond holder within 7 Business Days (being days other than a Saturday, Sunday 
or other day on which the Fiscal Agent is authorised or required by law to be closed in Toronto, Ontario, 
Canada or in London) of the day on which the purchase is completed. 
Amount of any expenses and taxes charged to the subscriber or purchaser: Subscribers for Bonds will not 
be charged any fees in relation to the issue, transfer or assignment of a Bond by the Promoters, the Fiscal 
Agent or the State of Israel.  Bond holders will be charged a fee (for Bonds of U.S.$25,000 and under: 
U.S.$25, £18 or €18; for Bonds greater than U.S. $25,000: U.S.$100, £72 or €72) to replace a Bond 
certificate by the Fiscal Agent. 
Name and address of the entities which have a firm commitment to act as intermediaries in secondary 
trading, providing liquidity through bid and offer rates and description of the main terms of their 
commitment: Not Applicable.

--- Page 67 ---
- 55 - 
 
 
ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN INVESTORS AND THE PROMOTERS 
IN THE EVENT OF AN OFFER OF BONDS BEING MADE BY ANY PROMOTER, THE 
RELEVANT PROMOTER WILL PROVIDE INFORMATION TO INVESTORS ON THE TERMS 
AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER AT THE TIME THE OFFER IS MADE. 
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO ACQUIRE OR ACQUIRING ANY BONDS IN A PUBLIC OFFER 
VIA ANY PROMOTER WILL DO SO, AND OFFERS AND SALES OF SUCH BONDS TO AN 
INVESTOR VIA EACH PROMOTER WILL BE MADE, IN ACCORDANCE WITH, ANY TERMS 
AND OTHER ARRANGEMENTS IN PLACE BETWEEN THE RELEVANT PROMOTER AND SUCH 
INVESTOR INCLUDING AS TO PRICE, ALLOCATIONS, EXPENSES AND SETTLEMENT 
ARRANGEMENTS. THE ISSUER WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO ANY SUCH ARRANGEMENTS 
WITH SUCH INVESTORS (OTHER THAN WITH THE RELEVANT PROMOTER) IN CONNECTION 
WITH THE PUBLIC OFFER OR SALE OF THE BONDS CONCERNED AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS 
INFORMATION MEMORANDUM AND ANY FINAL TERMS WILL NOT CONTAIN SUCH 
INFORMATION. THE INVESTOR MUST LOOK TO THE RELEVANT PROMOTER AT THE TIME 
OF SUCH OFFER FOR THE PROVISION OF SUCH INFORMATION AND THE RELEVANT 
PROMOTER WILL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR SUCH INFORMATION. THE ISSUER DOES NOT 
HAVE ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO AN INVESTOR IN RESPECT OF SUCH 
INFORMATION. 
Any new information with respect to the Promoters which is, in its view, relevant to Investors in Bonds 
issued under this Programme and which is unknown at the time of the approval of this Information 
Memorandum or the filing of any Final Terms, as the case may be, will be published on the Promoters' 
website: www.israelbondsintl.com.

--- Page 68 ---
- 56 - 
 
 
SECTION 8. USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The following section describes the manner in which the Issuer intends to use the proceeds from issues of 
Bonds under the Programme.

--- Page 69 ---
- 57 - 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from the issue of the Bonds are intended to be used for the general financing purposes of 
the Issuer.

--- Page 70 ---
- 58 - 
 
 
SECTION 9. DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The following section provides a brief description of the Issuer.

--- Page 71 ---
- 59 - 
 
 
Description of the Issuer, Including its Economy 
State of Israel is a sovereign issuer, located in the State of Israel. 
The Israeli contracted by 2.6% in 2020, as compared to growth rates of 3.4% in 2019, 3.5% in 2018, 3.6% 
in 2017 and 3.8% in 2016. Israel’s economic growth was expected to continue in 2020 due to the strong 
labor market, the growing high-tech sector and the expected development of new gas fields. However the 
outbreak of the COVID-19, the restrictions implemented to contain it and its global economic effects have 
had a negative impact on Israel’s economy. All of this led to the contraction of Israel’s growth rate by 7.1% 
(annual rate, seasonally adjusted) in the first quarter of 2020, followed by a contraction of 30.7% in the 
second quarter of 2020. The GDP in the third quarter of 2020 grew at a rate of 42.4% as a result of the 
lifting of most COVID-19 restrictions followed by growth of 6.3% in the fourth quarter of 2020. In the first 
quarter of 2021 GDP contracted by 6.2% (annual rate, seasonally adjusted). 
In 2014, business sector product (calculated as gross domestic product (“GDP") less certain general 
government services, services of private non-profit institutions and housing services) decreased compared 
to the 2013 growth rate, as business sector output grew by 3.9% in 2014. This slowdown was partly due to 
the negative effects of Operation Protective Edge (a defensive military operation in response to Hamas 
firing rockets from Gaza into Israel in the summer of 2014), which took place in July and August of 2014. 
In 2015, the business sector output grew by 2.2%, lower than the 2014 figure. In the fourth quarter of 2015, 
the growth rate accelerated, and the relatively high growth rates continued in 2016 and 2017, as the business 
sector GDP grew by 4.2% and 3.8% respectively. In 2018, the business sector GDP grew by 3.7%, and in 
2019 by 4.0%, slightly above the total GDP growth. In 2020, the business sector contracted by 3.3% lower 
than total GDP contraction. 
Growth of private consumption decreased in 2020 as compared to 2019, with total private consumption 
reaching 679 in 2020, 750 in 2019, 723 in 2018, 698 in 2017 and 675 in 2016 (in billions of NIS at constant 
2015 prices).  
Public Finance and Trade 
Balance of Payments and Foreign Trade 
Israel had a current account surplus of 5.1% of GDP in 2020, the 18th consecutive year in which a positive 
surplus in the current account was recorded. The surplus most recently peaked in 2015 at 5.2% of GDP, 
and since then the surplus has amounted to 3.7% in 2016, 2.9% in 2017, 2.7% in 2018 and 3.4% in 2019. 
In the first quarter of 2021 the surplus amounted to 5.4% of GDP (on a non-seasonally adjusted basis) 
Israel is a party to free trade agreements with its major trading partners, and it is one of the few nations that 
has signed free trade agreements with both the United States and the European Union. 
Israeli net exports decreased from a peak surplus of $9.1 billion in 2015 to a surplus of $5.0 billion in 2016, 
$4.2 billion in 2017, $2.4 billion in 2018 and then increased to $7.4 billion in 2019, in 2020 the surplus 
increased significantly to $17.5 billion. In the first quarter of 2021 net exports surplus amounted to $4.7 
billion (on a non-seasonally adjusted basis). 
Focusing on trade in goods, in 2020, Israel’s goods exports (including diamonds returned by importers 
abroad and other returns to exporters in Israel) was $50.0 billion (down from $58.5 billion in 2019), of 
which 35.1% were to Europe (down from 36.4% in 2019), 26.1% were to the United States (down from 
27.3% in 2019), 22.6% were to Asia (down from 23.0% in 2019), and 16.1% were to other markets (up 
from 13.3% in 2019). In 2020, Israel’s goods imports (including un-worked diamonds returned to suppliers 
abroad and other returns to exporters abroad) was $70.0 billion (down from $76.7 billion in 2019), of which 
52.5% came from Europe (up from 48.9% in 2019), 25.1% came from Asia (up from 22.6% in 2019), 12.3% 
came from the United States (down from 15.3% in 2019), and 10.0% came from other countries (down 
from 13.2% in 2019).

--- Page 72 ---
- 60 - 
 
 
Fiscal Policy 
The budget and economic plan proposal for the 2017 and 2018 fiscal years was approved by the Knesset 
on 22 December 2016 and for the fiscal year 2019 was approved by the Knesset on 15 March 2018.  In the 
approved budget for fiscal years 2017 and 2018 and in the approved budget for the fiscal year 2019 the 
deficit target was set to 2.9% of GDP. 
The deficit for 2019 stood at 3.7%, exceeding 3% for the first time since 2013. The budget and economic 
plan for the 2020 fiscal year was not approved as there was no coalition government from December 2018 
to May 2020. Though a coalition government was formed, it was dissolved after failing to pass the 2020 
Budget by the deadline of December 23, 2020. As a result on March 23, 2021 Israel held elections for the 
fourth time in two years. On June 13, 2021 the Knesset voted in favor of a new government, a "rotation 
government", in which Member of the Knesset Naftali Bennett would first serve as the Prime Minister and 
MK Yair Lapid would be the alternate Prime Minister. This new government in now tasked with passing a 
budget for FY 2021. 
In 2019, Israel continued its debt-reduction policy, reducing government debt as a percent of GDP by 0.8% 
compared to 2018, to a level of 58.5% for 2019. Public debt (including local authorities’ debt) as a percent 
of GDP also declined to 60% at the end of 2019, a decline of 0.9% compared to 2018. 
As a result of COVID-19, the deficit for 2020 rose to 11.6%, significantly above the deficit target. Likewise, 
the public debt-to-GDP ratio for 2020 amounted to 72.4%, a significant increase from 60% in 2019. 
Inflation and Monetary Policy 
Between December 2020 and May 2021, the consumer price index (“CPI”) increased by 1.5%. Measured 
at year end, the CPI growth rate was negative in 2016 amounting to −0.2%, returning to positive values in 
2017 at 0.4%, growing by 0.8% in 2018 and 0.6% in 2019. In 2020 the CPI fell by 0.7%. The changes in 
the CPI reflect a rise in the prices of commodities, housing and agricultural products. Since late 2011, due 
to subsiding inflationary pressures and appreciation pressures on the shekel, coupled with a slowdown in 
the global economy and moderate growth in the Israeli economy, the Bank of Israel gradually lowered the 
nominal interest rate, reaching 0.1% in March 2015. The rate remained the same until December 2018 when 
the Bank of Israel increased it to 0.25%. In April 2020, due to COVID-19, the Bank of Israel lowered the 
rate to 0.1%. This rate has been maintained through 2020 and is the current rate as of June 2021. 
Over the past five years (measured from June 22, 2016 to June 22, 2021), the NIS/USD exchange rate has 
averaged 3.5515, fluctuating between a high of 3.900 (recorded on June 27, 2016) and a low of 3.116 
(recorded on January 14, 2021). The exchange rate as of June 22, 2021 was 3.261.

--- Page 73 ---
- 61 - 
 
 
SECTION 10. FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
This section contains the forms of Final Terms that the Issuer will complete when offering any Bonds under 
the Programme.

--- Page 74 ---
- 62 - 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[The Information Memorandum expires on September 1, 2022 and the Issuer intends that an updated 
information memorandum will be approved and published in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation during the Offer Period. The updated information memorandum will be available on the 
Promoters’ website (www.israelbondsintl.com) as indicated below.]1 
Final Terms for the Offer Period [        ], 20[21/22] to [        ], 20[21/22] 
STATE OF ISRAEL 
Legal entity identifier ("LEI"): 213800T8ZHTFZIBYPE21 
Issue of 
Euro Savings Bonds (17th Euro Series) 
Euro Floating Rate Bonds (18th Euro Series) 
Euro Jubilee Bonds (3rd Euro Series) 
Sterling Savings Bonds (13th Sterling Series) 
Sterling Jubilee Bonds (13th Sterling Series) 
U.S. Dollar Floating Rate LIBOR Bonds (11th International Dollar Series)  
U.S. Dollar Jubilee Fixed Rate Bonds (11th International Dollar Series) 
U.S. Dollar Maccabee Fixed Rate Bonds (11th International Dollar Series) 
U.S. Dollar Sabra Savings Bonds (11th International Dollar Series) 
U.S. Dollar Savings Bonds (11th International Dollar Series) 
Euro Mazel Tov Savings Bonds (13th Euro Series) 
Sterling Mazel Tov Savings Bonds (13th Sterling Series) 
U.S. Dollar Mazel Tov Savings Bonds (11th International Dollar Series) 
U.S. Dollar eMazel Tov Savings Bonds (4th International Dollar Series) 
Sterling eMazel Tov Savings Bonds (4th Sterling Series) 
Euro eMazel Tov Savings Bonds (4th Euro Series) 
U.S. Dollar Shalom Savings Bonds (1st International Dollar Series) 
Sterling Shalom Savings Bonds (1st Sterling Series) 
Euro Shalom Savings Bonds (1st Euro Series) 
(together, the "Bonds") 
under the Bond Issuance Programme (the "Programme") 
 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
information memorandum dated September 1, 2021 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [        ]] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the "Information 
Memorandum"). 
This document constitutes the final terms of the Bonds described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Information Memorandum in order to obtain all the 
relevant information. However, a summary of the issue of the Bonds is annexed to these Final Terms. 
Copies of the Information Memorandum and relevant Rate Sheet(s) may be obtained from the Promoters' 
website at www.israelbondsintl.com.] 
(The following alternative language applies in respect of issues of securities where the public 
offer spans an update to the Information Memorandum) 
 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
information memorandum dated September 1, 2021 and any supplement(s) thereto approved and published 
on or before the date of these Final Terms (copies of which are available as described below) (the "2021 
Information Memorandum"), notwithstanding the approval of an updated information memorandum 
which will replace the 2021 Information Memorandum (the "Updated Information Memorandum"). This 
                                                          
1 Include in respect of a Tranche of Bonds for which the Offer Period spans an update of the Information Memorandum.

--- Page 75 ---
- 63 - 
 
 
document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Bonds described herein for the purposes of 
the Prospectus Regulation and (i) prior to the publication of the Updated Information Memorandum, must 
be read in conjunction with the 2021 Information Memorandum as so supplemented and (ii) after the 
publication of the Updated Information Memorandum, must be read in conjunction with the Updated 
Information Memorandum save in respect of the Conditions (which are extracted from the 2021 Information 
Memorandum as so supplemented and which will be incorporated by reference into the Updated 
Information Memorandum). The 2021 Information Memorandum as so supplemented constitutes, and the 
Updated Information Memorandum will constitute, a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation.  Copies of the 2021 Information Memorandum, relevant Rate Sheet(s) and, following its 
publication, the Updated Information Memorandum, may be obtained from the Promoters' website at 
www.israelbondsintl.com.]2 
Investors should note that if a supplement to or an updated version of the Information Memorandum 
referred to above is published at any time during the Offer Period (as described above), such supplement 
or updated information memorandum as the case may be, will be published and made available in 
accordance with the arrangements applied to the original publication of these Final Terms. Any investors 
who have indicated acceptances of the offer of Bonds to which this Final Terms relates prior to the date of 
publication of such supplement or updated version of the Information Memorandum, as the case may be 
(the "Publication Date"), have the right within three working days of the Publication Date to withdraw 
their acceptances. 
 
Euro Savings Bonds (17th Euro Series) 
Specified Currency: 
Euro 
Integral multiples: 
[1-Year Euro Savings Bond: 
[As set out in Condition 2.1.4/€ 
[        ] in excess of €5,000]]  
Interest Rate: 
[1-Year Euro Savings Bond: 
[        ]% per annum] 
 
[2-Year Euro Savings Bond: 
[        ]% per annum] 
 
[3-Year Euro Savings Bond: 
[        ]% per annum] 
 
[5-Year Euro Savings Bond: 
[        ]% per annum] 
 
[10-Year Euro Savings Bond: 
[        ]% per annum] 
Issue Date: 
[        ] 
Maturity Date: 
[1-Year Euro Savings Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[2-Year Euro Savings Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[3-Year Euro Savings Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[5-Year Euro Savings Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[10-Year Euro Savings Bond: 
[        ]] 
ISIN Code: 
[1-Year Euro Savings Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[2-Year Euro Savings Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[3-Year Euro Savings Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[5-Year Euro Savings Bond: 
[        ]] 
                                                          
2 Include in respect of issues of Bonds for which the Offer Period spans a supplement to the Information Memorandum or an update 
to the Information Memorandum.

--- Page 76 ---
- 64 - 
 
 
 
[10-Year Euro Savings Bond: 
[        ]] 
Euro Floating Rate Bonds (18th Euro Series) 
Specified Currency: 
Euro 
Reference Rate:  
The Applicable EURIBOR Rate is [        ] 
Spread: 
[1-Year Euro Floating Rate 
Bond: 
+/- [        ] basis points] 
 
[2-Year Euro Floating Rate 
Bond: 
+/- [        ] basis points] 
 
[3-Year Euro Floating Rate 
Bond: 
+/- [        ] basis points] 
 
[5-Year Euro Floating Rate 
Bond: 
+/- [        ] basis points] 
 
[10-Year Euro Floating Rate 
Bond: 
+/- [        ] basis points] 
Issue Date: 
[        ] 
Maturity Date: 
[1-Year Euro Floating Rate 
Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[2-Year Euro Floating Rate 
Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[3-Year Euro Floating Rate 
Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[5-Year Euro Floating Rate 
Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[10-Year Euro Floating Rate 
Bond: 
[        ]] 
ISIN Code: 
[1-Year Euro Floating Rate 
Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[2-Year Euro Floating Rate 
Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[3-Year Euro Floating Rate 
Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[5-Year Euro Floating Rate 
Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[10-Year Euro Floating Rate 
Bond: 
[        ]] 
Euro Jubilee Bonds (3rd Euro Series) 
Specified Currency: 
Euro 
Interest Rate: 
[1-Year Euro Jubilee Bond: 
[        ]% per annum] 
 
[2-Year Euro Jubilee Bond: 
[        ]% per annum]

--- Page 77 ---
- 65 - 
 
 
 
[3-Year Euro Jubilee Bond: 
[        ]% per annum] 
 
[5-Year Euro Jubilee Bond: 
[        ]% per annum] 
 
[10-Year Euro Jubilee Bond: 
[        ]% per annum] 
Issue Date: 
[        ] 
Maturity Date: 
[1-Year Euro Jubilee Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[2-Year Euro Jubilee Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[3-Year Euro Jubilee Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[5-Year Euro Jubilee Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[10-Year Euro Jubilee Bond: 
[        ]] 
ISIN Code: 
[1-Year Euro Jubilee Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[2-Year Euro Jubilee Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[3-Year Euro Jubilee Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[5-Year Euro Jubilee Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[10-Year Euro Jubilee Bond: 
[        ]] 
Sterling Savings Bonds (13th Sterling Series) 
Specified Currency: 
Sterling 
Integral multiples: 
[1-Year Sterling Savings Bond: 
[As 
set 
out 
in 
Condition 
2.2.3/£[        ] 
in 
excess 
of 
£5,000]] 
Interest Rate: 
[1-Year Sterling Savings Bond: 
[        ]% per annum] 
 
[2-Year Sterling Savings Bond: 
[        ]% per annum] 
 
[3-Year Sterling Savings Bond: 
[        ]% per annum] 
 
[5-Year Sterling Savings Bond: 
[        ]% per annum] 
 
[10-Year Sterling Savings 
Bond: 
[        ]% per annum] 
Issue Date: 
[        ] 
Maturity Date: 
[1-Year Sterling Savings Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[2-Year Sterling Savings Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[3-Year Sterling Savings Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[5-Year Sterling Savings Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[10-Year Sterling Savings 
Bond: 
[        ]] 
ISIN Code: 
[1-Year Sterling Savings Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[2-Year Sterling Savings Bond: 
[        ]]

--- Page 78 ---
- 66 - 
 
 
 
[3-Year Sterling Savings Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[5-Year Sterling Savings Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[10-Year Sterling Savings 
Bond: 
[        ]] 
Sterling Jubilee Bonds (13th Sterling Series) 
Specified Currency: 
Sterling 
Interest Rate: 
[1-Year Sterling Jubilee Bond: 
[        ]% per annum] 
 
[2-Year Sterling Jubilee Bond: 
[        ]% per annum] 
 
[3-Year Sterling Jubilee Bond: 
[        ]% per annum] 
 
[5-Year Sterling Jubilee Bond: 
[        ]% per annum] 
 
[10-Year Sterling Jubilee Bond: 
[        ]% per annum] 
Issue Date: 
[        ] 
Maturity Date: 
[1-Year Sterling Jubilee Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[2-Year Sterling Jubilee Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[3-Year Sterling Jubilee Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[5-Year Sterling Jubilee Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[10-Year Sterling Jubilee Bond: 
[        ]] 
ISIN Code: 
[1-Year Sterling Jubilee Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[2-Year Sterling Jubilee Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[3-Year Sterling Jubilee Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[5-Year Sterling Jubilee Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[10-Year Sterling Jubilee Bond: 
[        ]] 
U.S. Dollar Floating Rate LIBOR Bonds (11th International Dollar Series) 
Specified Currency: 
United States Dollars 
Integral multiples: 
[As set out in Condition 2.3.1/ 
U.S.$[        ] in excess of 
U.S.$5,000] 
 
Reference Rate:  
The Applicable LIBOR Rate is [        ] 
Spread: 
[1-Year U.S. Dollar Floating 
Rate LIBOR Bond: 
+/- [        ] basis points] 
 
[2-Year U.S. Dollar Floating 
Rate LIBOR Bond: 
+/- [        ] basis points] 
 
[3-Year U.S. Dollar Floating 
Rate LIBOR Bond: 
+/- [        ] basis points]

--- Page 79 ---
- 67 - 
 
 
 
[5-Year U.S. Dollar Floating 
Rate LIBOR Bond: 
+/- [        ] basis points] 
 
[10-Year U.S. Dollar Floating 
Rate LIBOR Bond: 
+/- [        ] basis points] 
Issue Date: 
[        ] 
Maturity Date: 
[1-Year U.S. Dollar Floating 
Rate LIBOR Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[2-Year U.S. Dollar Floating 
Rate LIBOR Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[3-Year U.S. Dollar Floating 
Rate LIBOR Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[5-Year U.S. Dollar Floating 
Rate LIBOR Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[10-Year U.S. Dollar Floating 
Rate LIBOR Bond: 
[        ]] 
ISIN Code: 
[1-Year U.S. Dollar Floating 
Rate LIBOR Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[2-Year U.S. Dollar Floating 
Rate LIBOR Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[3-Year U.S. Dollar Floating 
Rate LIBOR Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[5-Year U.S. Dollar Floating 
Rate LIBOR Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[10-Year U.S. Dollar Floating 
Rate LIBOR Bond: 
[        ]] 
U.S. Dollar Jubilee Fixed Rate Bonds (11th International Dollar Series) 
Specified Currency: 
United States Dollars 
Integral multiples: 
[As set out in Condition 2.3.2/ 
U.S.$[        ] in excess of 
U.S.$25,000] 
 
Interest Rate: 
[1-Year U.S. Dollar Jubilee 
Fixed Rate Bond: 
[        ]% per annum] 
 
[2-Year U.S. Dollar Jubilee 
Fixed Rate Bond: 
[        ]% per annum] 
 
[3-Year U.S. Dollar Jubilee 
Fixed Rate Bond: 
[        ]% per annum] 
 
[5-Year U.S. Dollar Jubilee 
Fixed Rate Bond: 
[        ]% per annum] 
 
[10-Year U.S. Dollar Jubilee 
Fixed Rate Bond: 
[        ]% per annum]

--- Page 80 ---
- 68 - 
 
 
 
[15-Year U.S. Dollar Jubilee 
Fixed Rate Bond: 
[        ]% per annum] 
Issue Date: 
[        ] 
Maturity Date: 
[1-Year U.S. Dollar Jubilee 
Fixed Rate Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[2-Year U.S. Dollar Jubilee 
Fixed Rate Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[3-Year U.S. Dollar Jubilee 
Fixed Rate Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[5-Year U.S. Dollar Jubilee 
Fixed Rate Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[10-Year U.S. Dollar Jubilee 
Fixed Rate Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[15-Year U.S. Dollar Jubilee 
Fixed Rate Bond: 
[        ]] 
ISIN Code: 
[1-Year U.S. Dollar Jubilee 
Fixed Rate Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[2-Year U.S. Dollar Jubilee 
Fixed Rate Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[3-Year U.S. Dollar Jubilee 
Fixed Rate Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[5-Year U.S. Dollar Jubilee 
Fixed Rate Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[10-Year U.S. Dollar Jubilee 
Fixed Rate Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[15-Year U.S. Dollar Jubilee 
Fixed Rate Bond: 
[        ]] 
U.S. Dollar Maccabee Fixed Rate Bonds (11th International Dollar Series) 
Specified Currency: 
United States Dollars 
Integral multiples: 
[As set out in Condition 2.3.3/ 
U.S.$[        ] in excess of 
U.S.$5,000] 
 
Interest Rate: 
[1-Year U.S. Dollar Maccabee 
Fixed Rate Bond: 
[        ]% per annum] 
 
[2-Year U.S. Dollar Maccabee 
Fixed Rate Bond: 
[        ]% per annum] 
 
[3-Year U.S. Dollar Maccabee 
Fixed Rate Bond: 
[        ]% per annum] 
 
[5-Year U.S. Dollar Maccabee 
Fixed Rate Bond: 
[        ]% per annum]

--- Page 81 ---
- 69 - 
 
 
 
[10-Year U.S. Dollar Maccabee 
Fixed Rate Bond: 
[15-Year U.S. Dollar Maccabee 
Fixed Rate Bond: 
[        ]% per annum] 
 
[        ]% per annum] 
Issue Date: 
[        ] 
Maturity Date: 
[1-Year U.S. Dollar Maccabee 
Fixed Rate Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[2-Year U.S. Dollar Maccabee 
Fixed Rate Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[3-Year U.S. Dollar Maccabee 
Fixed Rate Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[5-Year U.S. Dollar Maccabee 
Fixed Rate Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[10-Year U.S. Dollar Maccabee 
Fixed Rate Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[15-Year U.S. Dollar Maccabee 
Fixed Rate Bond: 
[        ]] 
ISIN Code: 
[1-Year U.S. Dollar Maccabee 
Fixed Rate Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[2-Year U.S. Dollar Maccabee 
Fixed Rate Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[3-Year U.S. Dollar Maccabee 
Fixed Rate Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[5-Year U.S. Dollar Maccabee 
Fixed Rate Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[10-Year U.S. Dollar Maccabee 
Fixed Rate Bond: 
[15-Year U.S. Dollar Maccabee 
Fixed Rate Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[        ]] 
U.S. Dollar Sabra Savings Bonds (11th International Dollar Series) 
Specified Currency: 
United States Dollars 
Integral multiples: 
[1-Year U.S. Dollar Sabra 
Savings Bond: 
[As 
set 
out 
in 
Condition 
2.3.5/U.S.$[        ] in excess of 
U.S.$5,000]] 
 
[2-Year U.S. Dollar Sabra 
Savings Bond: 
[As 
set 
out 
in 
Condition 
2.3.5/U.S.$[        ] in excess of 
U.S.$1,000]] 
 
[3-Year U.S. Dollar Sabra 
Savings Bond: 
[As 
set 
out 
in 
Condition 
2.3.5/U.S.$[        ] in excess of 
U.S.$1,000]]

--- Page 82 ---
- 70 - 
 
 
 
[5-Year U.S. Dollar Sabra 
Savings Bond: 
[As 
set 
out 
in 
Condition 
2.3.5/U.S.$[        ] in excess of 
U.S.$1,000]] 
 
[10-Year U.S. Dollar Sabra 
Savings Bond: 
[As 
set 
out 
in 
Condition 
2.3.5/U.S.$[        ] in excess of 
U.S.$1,000]] 
Interest Rate: 
[1-Year U.S. Dollar Sabra 
Savings Bond: 
[        ]% per annum] 
 
[2-Year U.S. Dollar Sabra 
Savings Bond: 
[        ]% per annum] 
 
[3-Year U.S. Dollar Sabra 
Savings Bond: 
[        ]% per annum] 
 
[5-Year U.S. Dollar Sabra 
Savings Bond: 
[        ]% per annum] 
 
[10-Year U.S. Dollar Sabra 
Savings Bond: 
[        ]% per annum] 
Issue Date: 
[        ] 
Maturity Date: 
[1-Year U.S. Dollar Sabra 
Savings Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[2-Year U.S. Dollar Sabra 
Savings Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[3-Year U.S. Dollar Sabra 
Savings Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[5-Year U.S. Dollar Sabra 
Savings Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[10-Year U.S. Dollar Sabra 
Savings Bond: 
[        ]] 
ISIN Code: 
[1-Year U.S. Dollar Sabra 
Savings Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[2-Year U.S. Dollar Sabra 
Savings Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[3-Year U.S. Dollar Sabra 
Savings Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[5-Year U.S. Dollar Sabra 
Savings Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[10-Year U.S. Dollar Sabra 
Savings Bond: 
[        ]] 
U.S. Dollar Savings Bonds (11th International Dollar Series) 
Specified Currency: 
United States Dollars 
Integral multiples: 
[1-Year U.S. Dollar Savings 
Bond: 
[As 
set 
out 
in 
Condition 
2.3.6/U.S.$[        ] in excess of 
U.S.$5,000]]

--- Page 83 ---
- 71 - 
 
 
 
[2-Year U.S. Dollar Savings 
Bond: 
[As 
set 
out 
in 
Condition 
2.3.6/U.S.$[        ] in excess of 
U.S.$2,500]] 
 
[3-Year U.S. Dollar Savings 
Bond: 
[As 
set 
out 
in 
Condition 
2.3.6/U.S.$[        ] in excess of 
U.S.$2,500]] 
 
[5-Year U.S. Dollar Savings 
Bond: 
[As 
set 
out 
in 
Condition 
2.3.6/U.S.$[        ] in excess of 
U.S.$2,500]] 
 
[10-Year U.S. Dollar Savings 
Bond: 
[As 
set 
out 
in 
Condition 
2.3.6/U.S.$[        ] in excess of 
U.S.$2,500]] 
Interest Rate: 
[1-Year U.S. Dollar Savings 
Bond: 
[        ]% per annum] 
 
[2-Year U.S. Dollar Savings 
Bond: 
[        ]% per annum] 
 
[3-Year U.S. Dollar Savings 
Bond: 
[        ]% per annum] 
 
[5-Year U.S. Dollar Savings 
Bond: 
[        ]% per annum] 
 
[10-Year U.S. Dollar Savings 
Bond: 
[        ]% per annum] 
Issue Date: 
[        ] 
Maturity Date: 
[1-Year U.S. Dollar Savings 
Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[2-Year U.S. Dollar Savings 
Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[3-Year U.S. Dollar Savings 
Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[5-Year U.S. Dollar Savings 
Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[10-Year U.S. Dollar Savings 
Bond: 
[        ]] 
ISIN Code: 
[1-Year U.S. Dollar Savings 
Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[2-Year U.S. Dollar Savings 
Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[3-Year U.S. Dollar Savings 
Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[5-Year U.S. Dollar Savings 
Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[10-Year U.S. Dollar Savings 
Bond: 
[        ]]

--- Page 84 ---
- 72 - 
 
 
Euro Mazel Tov Savings Bonds (13th Euro Series) 
Specified Currency: 
Euro 
Integral multiples: 
[As set out in Condition 
2.1.3/€[        ] in excess of 
€100] 
 
Interest Rate: 
[        ]% per annum 
Issue Date: 
[        ] 
Maturity Date: 
[        ] 
ISIN Code: 
[        ] 
Sterling Mazel Tov Savings Bonds (13th Sterling Series) 
Specified Currency: 
Sterling 
Integral multiples: 
[As set out in Condition 
2.2.2/£[        ] in excess of 
£100] 
 
Interest Rate: 
[        ]% per annum 
Issue Date: 
[        ] 
Maturity Date: 
[        ] 
ISIN Code: 
[        ] 
U.S. Dollar Mazel Tov Savings Bonds (11th International Dollar Series) 
Specified Currency: 
United States Dollars 
Integral multiples: 
[As set out in Condition 2.3.4/ 
U.S.$[        ] in excess of 
U.S.$100] 
 
Interest Rate: 
[5-Year U.S. Dollar Mazel Tov 
Savings Bond: 
[        ]% per annum] 
 
[10-Year U.S. Dollar Mazel 
Tov Savings Bond: 
[        ]% per annum] 
Issue Date: 
[        ] 
Maturity Date: 
[5-Year U.S. Dollar Mazel Tov 
Savings Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[10-Year U.S. Dollar Mazel 
Tov Savings Bond: 
[        ]] 
ISIN Code: 
[5-Year U.S. Dollar Mazel Tov 
Savings Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[10-Year U.S. Dollar Mazel 
Tov Savings Bond: 
[        ]]

--- Page 85 ---
- 73 - 
 
 
U.S. Dollar eMazel Tov Savings Bonds (4th International Dollar Series) 
Specified Currency: 
U.S. Dollars 
Integral multiples: 
[As set out in Condition 2.3.7/ 
U.S.$[        ] in excess of 
U.S.$36] 
 
Interest Rate: 
[5-Year U.S. Dollar eMazel 
Tov Savings Bond:  
[        ]% per annum] 
 
[10-Year U.S. Dollar eMazel 
Tov Savings Bond:  
[        ]% per annum] 
Issue Date: 
[        ] 
Maturity Date: 
[5-Year U.S. Dollar eMazel Tov 
Savings Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[10-Year U.S. Dollar eMazel 
Tov Savings Bond: 
[        ]] 
ISIN Code: 
[5-Year U.S. Dollar eMazel Tov 
Savings Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[10-Year U.S. Dollar eMazel 
Tov Savings Bond: 
[        ]] 
Sterling eMazel Tov Savings Bonds (4th Sterling Series) 
Specified Currency: 
Sterling 
Integral multiples: 
[As set out in Condition 
2.2.4/£[        ] in excess of £36] 
 
Interest Rate: 
[5-Year Sterling eMazel Tov 
Savings Bond:  
[        ]% per annum] 
 
[10-Year Sterling eMazel Tov 
Savings Bond:  
[        ]% per annum] 
Issue Date: 
[        ] 
Maturity Date: 
[5-Year Sterling eMazel Tov 
Savings Bond:  
[        ]] 
 
[10-Year Sterling eMazel Tov 
Savings Bond:  
[        ]] 
ISIN Code: 
[5-Year Sterling eMazel Tov 
Savings Bond:  
[        ]] 
 
[10-Year Sterling eMazel Tov 
Savings Bond:  
[        ]] 
Euro eMazel Tov Savings Bonds (4th Euro Series) 
Specified Currency: 
Euro

--- Page 86 ---
- 74 - 
 
 
Integral multiples: 
[As set out in Condition 
2.1.5/€[        ] in excess of €36] 
 
Interest Rate: 
[5-Year Euro eMazel Tov 
Savings Bond:  
[        ]% per annum] 
 
[10-Year Euro eMazel Tov 
Savings Bond:  
[        ]% per annum] 
Issue Date: 
[        ] 
Maturity Date: 
[5-Year 
Euro 
eMazel 
Tov 
Savings Bond:  
[        ]] 
 
[10-Year Euro eMazel Tov 
Savings Bond:  
[        ]] 
ISIN Code: 
[5-Year 
Euro 
eMazel 
Tov 
Savings Bond:  
[        ]] 
 
[10-Year Euro eMazel Tov 
Savings Bond:  
[        ]] 
U.S. Dollar Shalom Savings Bonds (1st International Dollar Series) 
Specified Currency: 
U.S. Dollars 
Integral multiples: 
[As set out in Condition 2.3.8/ 
U.S.$[        ] in excess of 
U.S.$36] 
 
Interest Rate: 
[1-Year U.S. Dollar Shalom 
Savings Bond:  
[        ]% per annum] 
 
[2-Year U.S. Dollar Shalom 
Savings Bond:  
[        ]% per annum] 
Issue Date: 
[        ] 
Maturity Date: 
[1-Year U.S. Dollar Shalom 
Savings Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[2-Year U.S. Dollar Shalom 
Savings Bond: 
[        ]] 
ISIN Code: 
[1-Year U.S. Dollar Shalom 
Savings Bond: 
[        ]] 
 
[2-Year U.S. Dollar Shalom 
Savings Bond: 
[        ]] 
Sterling Shalom Savings Bonds (1st Sterling Series) 
Specified Currency: 
Sterling 
Integral multiples: 
[As set out in Condition 
2.2.5/£[        ] in excess of £36] 
 
Interest Rate: 
[1-Year Sterling Shalom 
Savings Bond:  
[        ]% per annum]

--- Page 87 ---
- 75 - 
 
 
 
[2-Year Sterling Shalom 
Savings Bond:  
[        ]% per annum] 
Issue Date: 
[        ] 
Maturity Date: 
[1-Year 
Sterling 
Shalom 
Savings Bond:  
[        ]] 
 
[2-Year 
Sterling 
Shalom 
Savings Bond:  
[        ]] 
ISIN Code: 
[1-Year 
Sterling 
Shalom 
Savings Bond:  
[        ]] 
 
[2-Year 
Sterling 
Shalom 
Savings Bond:  
[        ]] 
Euro Shalom Savings Bonds (1st Euro Series) 
Specified Currency: 
Euro 
Integral multiples: 
[As set out in Condition 
2.1.6/€[        ] in excess of €36] 
 
Interest Rate: 
[1-Year Euro Shalom Savings 
Bond:  
[        ]% per annum] 
 
[2-Year Euro Shalom Savings 
Bond:  
[        ]% per annum] 
Issue Date: 
[        ] 
Maturity Date: 
[1-Year Euro Shalom Savings 
Bond:  
[        ]] 
 
[2-Year Euro Shalom Savings 
Bond:  
[        ]] 
ISIN Code: 
[1-Year Euro Shalom Savings 
Bond:  
[        ]] 
 
[2-Year Euro Shalom Savings 
Bond:  
[        ]] 
Terms and Conditions of the Public Offer of the Bonds 
Public Offer Jurisdiction(s): 
[Austria, Belgium, France, Germany, Ireland, Spain and the 
Netherlands] 
Offer Period: 
[        ], 20[21/22] to [        ], 20[21/22] [or in respect of [the Mazel 
Tov Savings Bonds/eMazel Tov Savings Bonds/Shalom Savings 
Bonds] [        ], 20[21/22] to [        ], 20[21/22]] [provided, however, 
that the Offer Period in Austria will not commence until the day after 
the filing of the issue terms with the Registration Office 
(Meldestelle) has been duly made as required by the Austrian Capital 
Markets Act] 
 
SUMMARY OF THE ISSUE

--- Page 88 ---
- 76 - 
 
 
[Insert summary of the terms of the specific issue]

--- Page 89 ---
- 77 - 
 
 
SECTION 11. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
You should be aware of a number of other matters that may not have been addressed in detail elsewhere in 
this Information Memorandum.

--- Page 90 ---
- 78 - 
 
 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
1. 
No Significant Change 
Save as disclosed in (i) the section "COVID-19" of Exhibit D to the Form 18-K, incorporated by 
reference in this Information Memorandum, (ii) the section "COVID-19" on Page D-1 of the 
Amendment No. 1, incorporated by reference in this Information Memorandum, and (iii) the 
section "Risk Factors - The worldwide economic effects of the outbreak of the coronavirus 
(COVID-19) could adversely affect Israel’s economy" in this Information Memorandum, there has 
been no significant change in relation to public finance and trade, the tax and budgetary systems, 
the gross public debt, the foreign trade and balance of payment figures, the foreign exchange 
reserves, the financial position and resources and the income and expenditure figures of the Issuer 
since the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020. 
2. 
Governmental, Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which 
are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the 12 months before the date of 
this Information Memorandum which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects 
on the financial position of the Issuer. 
3. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Information Memorandum, electronic copies 
of 
the 
following 
documents 
will 
be 
available 
on 
the 
Promoters' 
website 
at 
https://israelbondsintl.com/information-memorandum-and-final-terms/ and physical copies may 
also be inspected at their offices at the addresses specified on the last page of this Information 
Memorandum: 
(i) 
this Information Memorandum and any supplements hereto, any future offering 
memoranda and any documents incorporated by reference herein or therein; 
(ii) 
any Final Terms;  
(iii) 
financial reports for the last two fiscal years; and 
(iv) 
all reports, letters and other documents, valuations and statements prepared by any expert 
at the Issuer's request any part of which is included or referred to in this Information 
Memorandum. 
4. 
Pricing 
The amount of Bonds to be issued under the Programme and interest rate(s) applicable to such 
Bonds will be determined by the Issuer and the Promoters at the time of issue of the relevant Bond 
in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
5. 
Yield 
Calculated on the basis of the formula set out below, the annual yield of each fixed rate Bond will 
be the same as the applicable annual interest rate of such Bond.  
Yield = 
Coupon 
 
Issue Price (i.e., 100%) 
The yield in respect of a particular Bond will not be an indication of future yield. 
6. 
Termination 
The State of Israel reserves the right to terminate the arrangements set out in this Information 
Memorandum and cease or suspend issuing Bonds of any particular type or maturity, or to cease 
or suspend issuing Bonds in their entirety, in the future. Any such termination shall be notified to 
the Promoters in writing.

--- Page 91 ---
- 79 - 
 
 
APPENDIX A. DEFINED TERMS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
This section contains an index of defined terms used in this Information Memorandum.

--- Page 92 ---
- 80 - 
 
 
DEFINED TERMS 
$ ...................................................................... 81 
£ ................................................................ 81, 85 
€ ................................................................ 81, 83 
Amendment No. 1 .......................................... 31 
Applicable EURIBOR Rate ............................ 87 
Applicable LIBOR Rate ................................. 93 
Bonds ..................................................... i, 62, 83 
British Pounds Sterling ............................. 81, 85 
Business Day .................................................. 83 
CBI .................................................................... i 
Commission's Proposal ................................... 50 
Computershare................................................ 83 
Conditions .................................................. ii, 83 
CPI .................................................................. 60 
CRA Regulation ............................................. vii 
EEA ................................................................ 81 
eMazel Tov Savings Bonds ........................ ii, 83 
EUR .......................................................... 81, 83 
EURIBOR ...................................................... 83 
euro ................................................................. 81 
Euro ................................................................ 83 
Euro eMazel Tov Savings Bonds ................... 83 
Euro Floating Rate Bonds .......................... ii, 83 
Euro Jubilee Bonds ..................................... ii, 83 
Euro Mazel Tov Savings Bonds .................. i, 83 
Euro Savings Bonds ................................... ii, 83 
Euro Shalom Savings Bonds ...................... ii, 84 
Exempt Bonds ................................................... i 
External Indebtedness ..................................... 98 
FCA .................................................................. 5 
FCA announcement .......................................... 6 
Final Terms ................................................ ii, 83 
Fiscal Agency Agreement .............................. 84 
Fiscal Agent .................................................... 83 
Form 18-K ...................................................... 31 
FSCS ............................................................. viii 
FTT ................................................................. 50 
GDP ................................................................ 59 
IBA ................................................................... 6 
IBA announcement ........................................... 6 
Indebtedness ................................................... 98 
Information Memorandum .......................... i, 62 
Interest Payment Date .................................... 84 
Investment Form............................................. 84 
Investor ........................................................... 52 
Israel .................................................................. i 
Issue Date ....................................................... 84 
Issuer ........................................................... i, 83 
Japanese Person .............................................. 35 
Jubilee Bonds ................................................... ii 
LIBOR ............................................................ 84 
Mazel Tov Savings Bonds ........................... i, 84 
Member State .................................................. 81 
New Israeli Shekels ......................................... 81 
NIS .................................................................. 81 
offer of Bonds to the public ............................ 34 
Offering Memorandum ...................................... i 
Permitted Holder ............................................. 84 
Process Agent ............................................... 108 
Programme ............................................. i, 62, 83 
Promoter .................................................... iv, 83 
Promoters ......................................................... iv 
Prospectus Regulation ............................... 81, 84 
Public Offer ............................................... 52, 84 
Public Offer Jurisdiction ................................. 52 
purchase date ................................................... 84 
Rate Sheet ....................................................... 84 
Rate-Setting Day ............................................. 84 
Reference Bank ............................................... 84 
Registered Owner ........................................... 85 
Relevant Date .................................................. 85 
Relevant Quotation System ............................. 85 
Savings Bonds ............................................. ii, 85 
Securities Act ................................................... vi 
Series ............................................................... 83 
Shalom Savings Bonds ............................... ii, 85 
Shalom Sterling Savings Bonds ...................... 85 
shekels ............................................................. 81 
Specified Currency ..................................... 7, 85 
Spread ............................................................. 87 
State of Israel ............................................... i, 83 
Sterling ...................................................... 81, 85 
Sterling eMazel Tov Savings Bonds ............... 85 
Sterling Jubilee Bonds .......................... ii, 84, 85 
Sterling Mazel Tov Savings Bonds .............. i, 85 
Sterling Savings Bonds ............................... ii, 85 
Sterling Shalom Savings Bonds ........................ ii 
Tranche ........................................................... 83 
U.S. Dollar eMazel Tov Savings Bonds ......... 85 
U.S. Dollar Floating Rate LIBOR Bonds .... ii, 85 
U.S. Dollar Jubilee Fixed Rate Bonds ........ ii, 85 
U.S. Dollar Maccabee Fixed Rate Bonds .... ii, 85 
U.S. Dollar Mazel Tov Savings Bonds ........ i, 86 
U.S. Dollar Sabra Savings Bonds ............... ii, 86 
U.S. Dollar Savings Bonds ......................... ii, 86 
U.S. Dollar Shalom Savings Bonds ............ ii, 86 
U.S. dollars ............................................... 81, 85 
U.S. Dollars............................................... 81, 85 
U.S.$ ......................................................... 81, 85 
UK Benchmarks Regulation ............................. 5 
UK Registered Pension Scheme ..................... 85 
United States Dollars ................................ 81, 85 
USD ................................................................ 81

--- Page 93 ---
- 81 - 
 
 
Unless otherwise specified, all references in this Information Memorandum to: 
• 
"United States Dollars", "U.S. Dollars", "U.S. dollars", "U.S.$", "USD" and "$" refer to the 
currency of the United States of America; 
• 
"New Israeli Shekels", "shekels" and "NIS" refer to the currency of the State of Israel; 
• 
"Sterling", "British Pounds Sterling" and "£" refer to the currency of the United Kingdom; 
• 
"euro", "EUR" and "€" refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 
of May 3, 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended; 
• 
"Prospectus Regulation" refer to Regulation (EU) 2017/1129; 
• 
"EEA" refer to the European Economic Area; and 
• 
"Member State" refer to a member state of the EEA.

--- Page 94 ---
- 82 - 
 
 
APPENDIX B. CONDITIONS OF THE BONDS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
This section sets out the text of the terms and conditions of the Bonds.

--- Page 95 ---
- 83 - 
 
 
CONDITIONS OF THE BONDS 
The following are the terms and conditions (the "Conditions") of the bonds described under Condition 2 
below (the "Bonds") issued by State of Israel (the "Issuer" or the "State of Israel") under its Bond Issuance 
Programme (the "Programme").   
These Conditions apply to Bonds issued under the Programme on or after September 1, 2021 provided, 
however, that the terms and conditions set out in the information memorandum relating to the Programme 
dated January 4, 2021 will apply to any Bonds which were the subject of a Public Offer made before 
September 1, 2021 (notwithstanding that such Bonds may be issued on or after September 1, 2021). 
Each Tranche of Bonds will be issued on the terms set out in these Conditions, as completed by a document 
called a final terms (the "Final Terms"). 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Bonds which are identical in all respects and "Series" means a Tranche 
of Bonds together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Bonds which are identical in all respects except 
for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates and/or Maturity Dates. 
Copies of the applicable Final Terms are available for viewing at and copies may be obtained from the 
website of Development Company for Israel (International) Limited and Development Company for Israel 
(Europe) GmbH (each a "Promoter" and together, the “Promoters”) at www.israelbondsintl.com.  Bond 
holders are deemed to have notice of the applicable Final Terms. 
1. 
Defined Terms 
The following terms are used in these Conditions: 
"Business Day" 
a day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which the 
Fiscal Agent is authorised or required by law to be closed in 
Toronto, Ontario, Canada or in London. 
"Calculation Agent” 
the agent appointed by the State of Israel to act in such capacity. 
"Computershare" or the 
"Fiscal Agent" 
Computershare Trust Company of Canada. 
"eMazel Tov Savings 
Bonds"  
Bonds which are eMazel Tov Savings Bonds (as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms). 
"EURIBOR" 
the interest rate benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank 
offered rate (or any successor or replacement rate). 
"Euro", "EUR" and "€" 
the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of 
European economic and monetary union, and as defined in 
Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 
on the introduction of the euro, as amended. 
"Euro eMazel Tov Savings 
Bonds" 
eMazel Tov Savings Bonds which are denominated in Euro. 
"Euro Floating Rate 
Bonds" 
Bonds which have a floating interest rate calculated on the basis 
of EURIBOR (as specified in the relevant Final Terms). 
"Euro Jubilee Bonds" 
Jubilee Bonds which are denominated in Euro. 
"Euro Mazel Tov Savings 
Bonds" 
Mazel Tov Savings Bonds which are denominated in Euro. 
"Euro Savings Bonds" 
Savings Bonds which are denominated in Euro.

--- Page 96 ---
- 84 - 
 
 
"Euro Shalom Savings 
Bonds" 
Shalom Savings Bonds which are denominated in Euro. 
"Fiscal Agency 
Agreement" 
the amended and restated fiscal agency agreement between the 
Issuer and the Fiscal Agent dated December 24, 2013 (as 
supplemented, amended, otherwise modified or replaced from 
time to time). 
"Interest Payment Date" 
in relation to a given Bond, the date (or dates or series of dates) 
on which the State of Israel will pay interest under the terms of 
that Bond to the Registered Owner (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms). 
"Investment Form" 
the form published by the Promoters for provision of relevant 
subscription and other information by persons seeking to 
purchase Bonds. 
"Issue Date" 
in relation to a given Bond, the date on which it is issued by the 
State of Israel (as specified in the relevant Final Terms). 
"Jubilee Bonds" 
Bonds which are jubilee Bonds (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms). 
"LIBOR" 
the interest rate benchmark known as the London interbank 
offered rate. 
"Mazel Tov Savings 
Bonds" 
Bonds which are mazel tov savings Bonds (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms). 
"Permitted Holder" 
any religious, charitable, literary, scientific or educational 
organization, contributions to which are, at the time of the 
transfer, deductible for income and similar tax purposes under 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (or are 
accorded similar treatment under the laws of the country in 
which the transferee is located) provided that the purchase of 
the relevant Shalom Savings Bonds to be issued to such entity 
is without any compensation to the purchaser.  For the 
avoidance of doubt, no governmental entities (sovereign, state 
or local), no individuals and no individual or personal trusts 
qualify as "Permitted Holders". 
"Prospectus Regulation" 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
"purchase date" 
the date on which an investor applies to purchase Bonds. 
"Public Offer" 
an offer of Bonds in any Member State in circumstances where 
there is no exemption from the obligation under the Prospectus 
Regulation to publish a prospectus. 
"Rate Sheet" 
the rate sheet for a given Bond (if any), as made available from 
time to time by the Promoters, in which details of the rate(s) of 
interest for that Bond (among other details) are stated. 
"Rate-Setting Day" 
any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which 
banks are authorised or required by law to be closed in New 
York, London or Toronto. 
"Reference Bank" 
a major bank operating in the Eurozone interbank market (in the 
case of EURIBOR) or, as the case may be, London interbank

--- Page 97 ---
- 85 - 
 
 
market (in the case of LIBOR). 
"Relevant Date" 
the date on which a payment of principal and/or interest first 
becomes due, except that, if the full amount of the monies 
payable has not been duly received by the Fiscal Agent on or 
prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full 
amount of the relevant monies having been so received (or, if 
such date is not a Business Day, the next day which is a 
Business Day), such payment is made to the Bond holders. 
"Relevant Quotation 
System" 
Bloomberg or such other recognised quotation system as may 
be determined by the State of Israel from time to time. 
"Registered Owner" 
the person (or group of persons jointly) whom the Fiscal Agent 
is asked by the purchaser of a Bond to register as the person(s) 
legally entitled to that Bond. 
"Savings Bonds" 
Bonds which are savings Bonds (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms). 
"Shalom Savings Bonds" 
Bonds which are shalom savings Bonds (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms). 
"Specified Currency" 
in relation to a given Bond, the currency of that Bond (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms). 
"Sterling", "British Pounds 
Sterling" and "£" 
the currency of the United Kingdom. 
"Sterling eMazel Tov 
Savings Bonds" 
eMazel Tov Savings Bonds which are denominated in Sterling. 
"Sterling Jubilee Bonds" 
Jubilee Bonds which are denominated in Sterling. 
"Sterling Mazel Tov 
Savings Bonds" 
Mazel Tov Savings Bonds which are denominated in Sterling. 
"Sterling Savings Bonds" 
Savings Bonds which are denominated in Sterling. 
"Sterling Shalom Savings 
Bonds" 
Shalom Savings Bonds which are denominated in Sterling. 
"UK Registered Pension 
Scheme" 
has the definition given in section 150(2) of the Finance Act 
2004. 
"U.S. Dollars", "United 
States Dollars", "U.S. 
dollars" or "U.S.$" 
the currency of the United States of America. 
"U.S. Dollar eMazel Tov 
Savings Bonds"  
eMazel Tov Savings Bonds which are denominated in U.S. 
Dollars. 
"U.S. Dollar Floating Rate 
LIBOR Bonds" 
Bonds which have a floating interest rate calculated on the basis 
of LIBOR (as specified in the relevant Final Terms). 
"U.S. Dollar Jubilee Fixed 
Rate Bonds" 
Bonds which are jubilee fixed rate Bonds (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms). 
"U.S. Dollar Maccabee 
Bonds which are maccabee fixed rate Bonds (as specified in the

--- Page 98 ---
- 86 - 
 
 
Fixed Rate Bonds" 
relevant Final Terms). 
"U.S. Dollar Mazel Tov 
Savings Bonds" 
Mazel Tov Savings Bonds which are denominated in U.S. 
Dollars. 
"U.S. Dollar Savings 
Bonds" 
Savings Bonds which are denominated in U.S. Dollars. 
"U.S. Dollar Sabra Savings 
Bonds" 
Bonds which are U.S. Dollar Sabra Savings Bonds (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms). 
"U.S. Dollar Shalom 
Savings Bonds" 
Shalom Savings Bonds which are denominated in U.S. Dollars. 
2. 
Type of Bonds 
Bonds issued under the Programme may be, Euro Floating Rate Bonds, Jubilee Bonds (Euro 
Jubilee Bonds or Sterling Jubilee Bonds), Mazel Tov Savings Bonds (Euro Mazel Tov Savings 
Bonds, Sterling Mazel Tov Savings Bonds or U.S. Dollar Mazel Tov Savings Bonds), Savings 
Bonds (Euro Savings Bonds, Sterling Savings Bonds or U.S. Dollar Savings Bonds), U.S. Dollar 
Floating Rate LIBOR Bonds, U.S. Dollar Jubilee Fixed Rate Bonds, U.S. Dollar Maccabee Fixed 
Rate Bonds, U.S. Dollar Sabra Savings Bonds, eMazel Tov Savings Bonds (Euro eMazel Tov 
Savings Bonds, Sterling eMazel Tov Savings Bonds or U.S. Dollar eMazel Tov Savings Bonds) 
or Shalom Savings Bonds (Euro Shalom Savings Bonds, Sterling Shalom Savings Bonds or U.S. 
Dollar Shalom Savings Bonds). 
2.1 
Bonds denominated in Euros 
2.1.1 
The Euro Floating Rate Bonds  
The minimum purchase amount of the Euro Floating Rate Bonds is €5,000.  Euro Floating 
Rate Bonds may be purchased in any amount equal to or higher than such minimum 
purchase amount. 
Each State of Israel 1-Year Euro Floating Rate Bond, 2-Year Euro Floating Rate Bond, 
3-Year Euro Floating Rate Bond, 5-Year Euro Floating Rate Bond and 10-Year Euro 
Floating Rate Bond will mature on the first calendar day of the month during which the 
first (1st), second (2nd), third (3rd), fifth (5th) or tenth (10th) anniversary, as the case 
may be, of the Issue Date of the relevant Bond shall fall.  
Issue Dates for Euro Floating Rate Bonds will be the 1st and 15th of the month. If your 
Issue Date is the 15th of the month, your Euro Floating Rate Bond will mature two weeks 
earlier than the total number of years of the Bond. There will be two sales periods per 
month: 
• 
Bonds issued on the 15th of the month will be offered from the 1st of the month 
through the 14th of the month; and  
• 
Bonds issued on the 1st of the month will be offered from the 15th of the month 
preceding the Issue Date through the last day of that month. 
Interest will accrue from (and including) the Issue Date up to (but not including) the 
maturity date of the Euro Floating Rate Bond. 
Interest Payment Dates for the Euro Floating Rate Bonds, on which interest will be paid 
semi-annually in arrear, are June 1st and December 1st in each year and upon maturity, 
except that for Euro Floating Rate Bonds issued on May 15th and November 15th in each 
year, the first interest payment will be on the second Interest Payment Date following their 
Issue Date.

--- Page 99 ---
- 87 - 
 
 
The initial interest rate of each Euro Floating Rate Bond is equal to the six month 
EURIBOR in effect three Rate-Setting Days prior to the first day of the sales period of 
such Bond, as it appears on the Relevant Quotation System, rounded upwards to the next 
one-sixteenth (1/16) of one percent, if the quoted interest rate is not equivalent to one-
sixteenth (1/16) of one percent (the "Applicable EURIBOR Rate"), plus or minus a fixed 
number of basis points determined by the State of Israel (the "Spread") prior to the issue 
of the Euro Floating Rate Bond and published in the relevant Rate Sheet and on the 
Promoters’ website.  
The Spread of each Euro Floating Rate Bond shall remain fixed until maturity. After the 
initial interest period, the interest rate will be adjusted semi-annually in accordance with 
the Applicable EURIBOR Rate in effect on subsequent interest determination dates, which 
will be three Rate-Setting Days prior to June 1st and December 1st of each year.  
In no event will the interest rate payable on the Euro Floating Rate Bonds be less than 0% 
per year.  If EURIBOR changes during an interest period, this will not affect the rate of 
interest for that period. The rate of interest may vary (both upwards and downwards) from 
interest period to interest period as EURIBOR changes. 
The Spread and the initial interest rate applicable to each Euro Floating Rate Bond will be 
determined by the State of Israel and specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
applicable Rate Sheet and on the Promoters’ website not less than one Business Day prior 
to the first day of the sales period of such Bond.  Subsequent interest rates applicable to 
each Euro Floating Rate Bond will be announced by the State of Israel one Business Day 
prior to June 1st or December 1st in each year. 
2.1.2 
The Euro Jubilee Bonds 
The minimum purchase amount of the Euro Jubilee Bonds is €1,000.  Euro Jubilee Bonds 
may be purchased in any amount equal to or higher than such minimum purchase amount. 
Each State of Israel 1-Year Euro Jubilee Bond, 2-Year Euro Jubilee Bond, 3-Year Euro 
Jubilee Bond, 5-Year Euro Jubilee Bond and 10-Year Euro Jubilee Bond will mature on 
the first calendar day of the month during which the first (1st), second (2nd), third (3rd), 
fifth (5th) or tenth (10th) anniversary, as the case may be, of the Issue Date of the relevant 
Bond shall fall.  
Issue Dates for Euro Jubilee Bonds will be the 1st and 15th of the month. If your Issue 
Date is the 15th of the month, your Euro Jubilee Bond will mature two weeks earlier than 
the total number of years of the Bond. There will be two sales periods per month: 
• 
Bonds issued on the 15th of the month will be offered from the 1st of the month 
through the 14th of the month; and  
• 
Bonds issued on the 1st of the month will be offered from the 15th of the month 
preceding the Issue Date through the last day of that month. 
Interest will accrue from (and including) the Issue Date of the Euro Jubilee Bond up to 
(but not including) the maturity date. Except in the cases described in this Information 
Memorandum, interest will be paid every May 1st, November 1st and on maturity of the 
Euro Jubilee Bond. 
Interest Payment Dates for the Euro Jubilee Bonds, on which interest will be paid semi-
annually in arrear, are May 1st and November 1st in each year and upon maturity, except 
that for Bonds issued on April 15th and October 15th in each year, the first interest 
payment will be on the second Interest Payment Date following their Issue Date. 
The interest rate applicable to each Euro Jubilee Bond shall be a fixed percentage per 
annum to be determined prior to the issue of the relevant Bond.  The applicable interest 
rate will be announced one Business Day prior to the first day of the sales period for such 
Bond and will be specified in the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Rate Sheet and 
on the Promoters' website.

--- Page 100 ---
- 88 - 
 
 
2.1.3 
The Euro Mazel Tov Savings Bonds  
The minimum purchase amount of the Euro Mazel Tov Savings Bonds is €100.  Euro 
Mazel Tov Savings Bonds may be purchased in integral multiples of €1 in excess of €100 
(or in such other integral multiples specified in the applicable Final Terms) provided, 
however, that the maximum amount of Euro Mazel Tov Savings Bonds that may be 
purchased by any person to be issued on any Issue Date and registered in the name of any 
one holder, is €2,500. 
Each State of Israel 5-Year Euro Mazel Tov Savings Bond will mature on the first 
calendar day of the month during which the fifth (5th) anniversary of the Issue Date of 
the relevant Bond shall fall. Euro Mazel Tov Savings Bonds will be issued on the 1st of 
the month. These Bonds will be sold in one sales period per month: from the 1st of the 
month preceding the Issue Date through the last day of that month. 
Interest will accrue from (and including) the Issue Date of the Euro Mazel Tov Savings 
Bond and will be compounded annually until (but not including) the maturity date, but 
shall only be payable at maturity of the Euro Mazel Tov Savings Bond. 
The interest rate applicable to each Euro Mazel Tov Savings Bond shall be a fixed 
percentage per annum to be determined prior to the issue of the relevant Bond. The 
applicable interest rate will be announced one Business Day prior to the first day of the 
sales period for such Bond and will be specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
applicable Rate Sheet and on the Promoters' website. 
2.1.4 
The Euro Savings Bonds  
The minimum purchase amount of the 2-Year, 3-Year, 5-Year and 10-Year Euro Savings 
Bonds is €5,000. The minimum purchase amount of the 1-Year Euro Savings Bond is 
€5,000. 1-Year Euro Savings Bonds may be purchased in integral multiples of €500 in 
excess of €5,000 (or in such other integral multiples specified in the applicable Final 
Terms). All other Euro Savings Bonds may be purchased in any amount equal to or higher 
than such minimum purchase amount. 
Each State of Israel 1-Year Euro Savings Bond, 2-Year Euro Savings Bond, 3-Year Euro 
Savings Bond, 5-Year Euro Savings Bond and 10-Year Euro Savings Bond will mature 
on the first calendar day of the month during which the first (1st), second (2nd), third 
(3rd), fifth (5th) or tenth (10th) anniversary, as the case may be, of the Issue Date of the 
relevant Bond shall fall. The maximum amount of 1-Year Euro Savings Bonds that may 
be purchased by any person to be issued on any Issue Date is €1,000,000.  
Issue Dates for Euro Savings Bonds will be the 1st and 15th of the month. If your Issue 
Date is the 15th of the month, your Euro Savings Bond will mature two weeks earlier 
than the total number of years of the Bond. There will be two sales periods per month: 
• 
Bonds issued on the 15th of the month will be offered from the 1st of the month 
through the 14th of the month; and  
• 
Bonds issued on the 1st of the month will be offered from the 15th of the month 
preceding the Issue Date through the last day of that month. 
Interest will accrue from (and including) the Issue Date of the Euro Savings Bond and 
will be compounded annually until (but not including) the maturity date but shall only be 
payable at maturity of the Euro Savings Bond. 
The interest rate applicable to each Euro Savings Bond shall be a fixed percentage per 
annum to be determined prior to the issue of the relevant Bond.  The applicable interest 
rate will be announced one Business Day prior to the first day of the sales period for such 
Bond and will be specified in the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Rate Sheet and 
on the Promoters' website. 
 2.1.5 
The Euro eMazel Tov Savings Bonds

--- Page 101 ---
- 89 - 
 
 
The minimum purchase amount of the 5-Year and 10-Year Euro eMazel Tov Savings 
Bonds is €36. Euro eMazel Tov Savings Bonds may be purchased in integral multiples of 
€1 in excess of €36 (or in such other integral multiples specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) provided, however, that the maximum amount of Euro eMazel Tov Savings Bonds 
that may be purchased by any person to be issued on any Issue Date (which, in the case of 
Euro eMazel Tov Savings Bonds, is the 1st of each month) and registered in the name of 
any one holder, is €2,500. The purchase of Euro eMazel Tov Savings Bonds is only 
available through the website of Development Company for Israel (International) Limited 
and Development Company for Israel (Europe) GmbH (http://www.israelbondsintl.com). 
Each 5-Year Euro eMazel Tov Savings Bond and 10-Year Euro eMazel Tov Savings Bond 
will mature on the first calendar day of the month during which the fifth (5th) or tenth 
(10th) anniversary, as the case may be, of the Issue Date of the relevant Bond shall fall. 
Euro eMazel Tov Savings Bonds will be issued on the 1st of the month. These Bonds will 
be sold in one sales period per month: from the 1st of the month preceding the Issue Date 
through the last day of that month. 
Interest will accrue from (and including) the Issue Date of the Euro eMazel Tov Savings 
Bond and will be compounded annually until (but not including) the maturity date, but 
shall only be payable at maturity of the Euro eMazel Tov Savings Bond.  
The interest rate applicable to each Euro eMazel Tov Savings Bond shall be a fixed 
percentage per annum to be determined prior to the issue of the relevant Bond. The 
applicable interest rate will be announced one Business Day prior to the first day of the 
sales period for such Bond and will be specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
applicable Rate Sheet and on the Promoters' website. 
2.1.6 
The Euro Shalom Savings Bonds 
The minimum purchase amount of the 1-Year and 2-Year Euro Shalom Savings Bonds is 
€36. Euro Shalom Savings Bonds may be purchased in integral multiples of €1 in excess 
of €36 (or in such other integral multiples specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
provided, however, that the maximum amount of Euro Shalom Savings Bonds that may 
be purchased by any person on any Issue Date (which, in the case of Euro Shalom Savings 
Bonds, is the 1st of each month) is €1,000,000. The purchase of Euro Shalom Savings 
Bonds is only available through the website of Development Company for Israel 
(International) Limited and Development Company for Israel (Europe) GmbH 
(http://www.israelbondsintl.com).  
The purchase of Euro Shalom Savings Bonds is permitted only if the Euro Shalom Savings 
Bonds purchased are issued to a Permitted Holder. The State of Israel has the right to 
decline to issue Euro Shalom Savings Bonds to an entity that the State of Israel does not 
deem to be a Permitted Holder. 
Each 1-Year Euro Shalom Savings Bond and 2-Year Euro Shalom Savings Bond will 
mature on the first calendar day of the month during which the first (1st) or second (2nd) 
anniversary, as the case may be, of the Issue Date of the relevant Bond shall fall. Euro 
Shalom Savings Bonds will be issued on the 1st of the month. These Bonds will be sold 
in one sales period per month: from the 1st of the month preceding the Issue Date through 
the last day of that month. 
Interest will accrue from (and including) the Issue Date of the Euro Shalom Savings Bond 
and will be compounded annually until (but not including) the maturity date, but shall only 
be payable at maturity of the Euro Shalom Savings Bond.  
The interest rate applicable to each Euro Shalom Savings Bond shall be a fixed percentage 
per annum to be determined prior to the issue of the relevant Bond. The applicable interest 
rate will be announced one Business Day prior to the first day of the sales period for such 
Bond and will be specified in the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Rate Sheet and 
on the Promoters' website.

--- Page 102 ---
- 90 - 
 
 
2.2 
Bonds denominated in British Pounds Sterling 
2.2.1 
The Sterling Jubilee Bonds 
The minimum purchase amount of the Sterling Jubilee Bonds is £1,000.  Sterling Jubilee 
Bonds may be purchased in any amount equal to or higher than such minimum purchase 
amount. 
Each State of Israel 1-Year Sterling Jubilee Bond, 2-Year Sterling Jubilee Bond, 3-Year 
Sterling Jubilee Bond, 5-Year Sterling Jubilee Bond and 10-Year Sterling Jubilee Bond 
will mature on the first calendar day of the month during which the first (1st), second 
(2nd), third (3rd), fifth (5th) or tenth (10th) anniversary, as the case may be, of the Issue 
Date of the relevant Bond shall fall.  
Issue Dates for Sterling Jubilee Bonds will be the 1st and 15th of the month. If your Issue 
Date is the 15th of the month, your Sterling Jubilee Bond will mature two weeks earlier 
than the total number of years of the Bond. There will be two sales periods per month: 
• 
Bonds issued on the 15th of the month will be offered from the 1st of the month 
through the 14th of the month; and  
• 
Bonds issued on the 1st of the month will be offered from the 15th of the month 
preceding the Issue Date through the last day of that month. 
Interest will accrue from (and including) the Issue Date of the Sterling Jubilee Bond up 
to (but not including) the maturity date. Except in the cases described in this Information 
Memorandum, interest will be paid every May 1st, November 1st and on maturity of the 
Sterling Jubilee Bond. 
Interest Payment Dates for the Sterling Jubilee Bonds, on which interest will be paid 
semi-annually in arrear, are May 1st and November 1st in each year and upon maturity, 
except that for Bonds issued on April 15th and October 15th in each year, the first interest 
payment will be on the second Interest Payment Date following their Issue Date. 
The interest rate applicable to each Sterling Jubilee Bond shall be a fixed percentage per 
annum to be determined prior to the issue of the relevant Bond.  The applicable interest 
rate will be announced one Business Day prior to the first day of the sales period for such 
Bond and will be specified in the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Rate Sheet and 
on the Promoters' website. 
2.2.2 
The Sterling Mazel Tov Savings Bonds 
The minimum purchase amount of the Sterling Mazel Tov Savings Bonds is £100.  
Sterling Mazel Tov Savings Bonds may be purchased in integral multiples of £1 in excess 
of £100 (or in such other integral multiples specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
provided, however, that the maximum amount of Sterling Mazel Tov Savings Bonds that 
may be purchased by any person to be issued on any Issue Date (which, in the case of 
Sterling Mazel Tov Savings Bonds, is the 1st of each month) and registered in the name 
of any one holder, is £2,500. 
Each State of Israel 5-Year Sterling Mazel Tov Savings Bond will mature on the first 
calendar day of the month during which the fifth (5th) anniversary of the Issue Date of 
the relevant Bond shall fall. Sterling Mazel Tov Savings Bonds will be issued on the 1st 
of the month. These Bonds will be sold in one sales period per month: from the 1st of the 
month preceding the Issue Date through the last day of that month. 
Interest will accrue from (and including) the Issue Date of the Sterling Mazel Tov Savings 
Bond and will be compounded annually until (but not including) the maturity date, but 
shall only be payable at maturity of the Sterling Mazel Tov Savings Bond. 
The interest rate applicable to each Sterling Mazel Tov Bond shall be a fixed percentage 
per annum to be determined prior to the issue of the relevant Bond. The applicable interest

--- Page 103 ---
- 91 - 
 
 
rate will be announced one Business Day prior to the first day of the sales period for such 
Bond and will be specified in the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Rate Sheet and 
on the Promoters' website. 
2.2.3 
The Sterling Savings Bonds 
The minimum purchase amount of the 2-Year, 3-Year, 5-Year and 10-Year Sterling 
Savings Bonds is £1,000. The minimum purchase amount of the 1-Year Sterling Savings 
Bond is £5,000. 1-Year Sterling Savings Bonds may be purchased in integral multiples 
of £500 in excess of £5,000 (or in such other integral multiples specified in the applicable 
Final Terms).  All other Sterling Savings Bonds may be purchased in any amount equal 
to or higher than such minimum purchase amount provided, however, that the maximum 
amount of 1-Year Sterling Savings Bonds that may be purchased by any person to be 
issued on any Issue Date is £1,000,000. 
Each State of Israel 1-Year Sterling Savings Bond, 2-Year Sterling Savings Bond, 3-Year 
Sterling Savings Bond, 5-Year Sterling Savings Bond and 10-Year Sterling Savings Bond 
will mature on the first calendar day of the month during which the first (1st), second 
(2nd), third (3rd), fifth (5th) or tenth (10th) anniversary, as the case may be, of the Issue 
Date of the relevant Bond shall fall.  
Issue Dates for Sterling Savings Bonds will be the 1st and 15th of the month. If your 
Issue Date is the 15th of the month, your Sterling Savings Bond will mature two weeks 
earlier than the total number of years of the Bond. There will be two sales periods per 
month: 
• 
Bonds issued on the 15th of the month will be offered from the 1st of the month 
through the 14th of the month; and  
• 
Bonds issued on the 1st of the month will be offered from the 15th of the month 
preceding the Issue Date through the last day of that month. 
Interest will accrue from (and including) the Issue Date of the Sterling Savings Bond and 
will be compounded annually until (but not including) the maturity date, but shall only 
be payable at maturity of the Sterling Savings Bond. 
The interest rate applicable to each Sterling Savings Bond shall be a fixed percentage per 
annum to be determined prior to the issue of the relevant Bond.  The applicable interest 
rate will be announced one Business Day prior to the first day of the sales period for such 
Bond and will be specified in the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Rate Sheet and 
on the Promoters' website.  
2.2.4 
The Sterling eMazel Tov Savings Bonds 
The minimum purchase amount of the 5-Year and 10-Year Sterling eMazel Tov Savings 
Bonds is £36. Sterling eMazel Tov Savings Bonds may be purchased in integral multiples 
of £1 in excess of £36 (or in such other integral multiples specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) provided, however, that the maximum amount of Sterling eMazel Tov Savings 
Bonds that may be purchased by any person to be issued on any Issue Date (which, in the 
case of Sterling eMazel Tov Savings Bonds, is the 1st of each month) and registered in 
the name of any one holder, is £2,500. The purchase of Sterling eMazel Tov Savings 
Bonds is only available through the website of Development Company for Israel 
(International) Limited and Development Company for Israel (Europe) GmbH 
(http://www.israelbondsintl.com). 
Each 5-Year Sterling eMazel Tov Savings Bond and 10-Year Sterling eMazel Tov Savings 
Bond will mature on the first calendar day of the month during which the fifth (5th) or 
tenth (10th) anniversary, as the case may be, of the Issue Date of the relevant Bond shall 
fall. Sterling eMazel Tov Savings Bonds will be issued on the 1st of the month. These 
Bonds will be sold in one sales period per month: from the 1st of the month preceding the 
Issue Date through the last day of that month.

--- Page 104 ---
- 92 - 
 
 
Interest will accrue from (and including) the Issue Date of the Sterling eMazel Tov 
Savings Bond and will be compounded annually until (but not including) the maturity date, 
but shall only be payable at maturity of the Sterling eMazel Tov Savings Bond. 
The interest rate applicable to each Sterling eMazel Tov Savings Bond shall be a fixed 
percentage per annum to be determined prior to the issue of the relevant Bond. The 
applicable interest rate will be announced one Business Day prior to the first day of the 
sales period for such Bond and will be specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
applicable Rate Sheet and on the Promoters' website. 
2.2.5 
The Sterling Shalom Savings Bonds 
The minimum purchase amount of the 1-Year and 2-Year Sterling Shalom Savings Bonds 
is £36. Sterling Shalom Savings Bonds may be purchased in integral multiples of £1 in 
excess of £36 (or in such other integral multiples specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
provided, however, that the maximum amount of Sterling Shalom Savings Bonds that may 
be purchased by any person on any Issue Date (which, in the case of Sterling Shalom 
Savings Bonds, is the 1st of each month) is £1,000,000. The purchase of Sterling Shalom 
Savings Bonds is only available through the website of Development Company for Israel 
(International) Limited and Development Company for Israel (Europe) GmbH 
(http://www.israelbondsintl.com).  
The purchase of Sterling Shalom Savings Bonds is permitted only if the Sterling Shalom 
Savings Bonds purchased are issued to a Permitted Holder. The State of Israel has the right 
to decline to issue Sterling Shalom Savings Bonds to an entity that the State of Israel does 
not deem to be a Permitted Holder. 
Each 1-Year Sterling Shalom Savings Bond and 2-Year Sterling Shalom Savings Bond 
will mature on the first calendar day of the month during which the first (1st) or second 
(2nd) anniversary, as the case may be, of the Issue Date of the relevant Bond shall fall. 
Sterling Shalom Savings Bonds will be issued on the 1st of the month. These Bonds will 
be sold in one sales period per month: from the 1st of the month preceding the Issue Date 
through the last day of that month. 
Interest will accrue from (and including) the Issue Date of the Sterling Shalom Savings 
Bond and will be compounded annually until (but not including) the maturity date, but 
shall only be payable at maturity of the Sterling Shalom Savings Bond.  
The interest rate applicable to each Sterling Shalom Savings Bond shall be a fixed 
percentage per annum to be determined prior to the issue of the relevant Bond. The 
applicable interest rate will be announced one Business Day prior to the first day of the 
sales period for such Bond and will be specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
applicable Rate Sheet and on the Promoters' website. 
2.3 
Bonds denominated in United States Dollars 
2.3.1 
The U.S. Dollar Floating Rate LIBOR Bonds 
The minimum purchase amount of the U.S. Dollar Floating Rate LIBOR Bonds is 
U.S.$5,000.  U.S. Dollar Floating Rate LIBOR Bonds may be purchased in integral 
multiples of U.S.$500 in excess of U.S.$5,000 (or in such other integral multiples 
specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
In addition, if you have purchased a minimum of U.S.$5,000 of 2-Year U.S. Dollar 
Floating Rate LIBOR Bonds, 3-Year U.S. Dollar Floating Rate LIBOR Bonds, 5-Year 
U.S. Dollar Floating Rate LIBOR Bonds, or 10-Year U.S. Dollar Floating Rate LIBOR 
Bonds in a single purchase during the twelve (12) month period immediately preceding 
the additional purchase, you may purchase such additional U.S. Dollar Floating Rate 
LIBOR Bonds of the same maturity period in denominations of U.S.$500 and integral 
multiples of U.S.$500 (or in such other integral multiples specified in the applicable Final 
Terms). Additional Bonds must be registered in the same name as the Bonds satisfying 
the minimum purchase requirement.

--- Page 105 ---
- 93 - 
 
 
Each State of Israel 1-Year U.S. Dollar Floating Rate LIBOR Bond, 2-Year U.S. Dollar 
Floating Rate LIBOR Bond, 3-Year U.S. Dollar Floating Rate LIBOR Bond, 5-Year U.S. 
Dollar Floating Rate LIBOR Bond and 10-Year U.S. Dollar Floating Rate LIBOR Bond 
will mature on the first calendar day of the month during which the first (1st), second 
(2nd), third (3rd), fifth (5th) or tenth (10th) anniversary, as the case may be, of the Issue 
Date of the relevant Bond shall fall.  
Issue Dates for U.S. Dollar Floating Rate LIBOR Bonds will be the 1st and 15th of the 
month. If your Issue Date is the 15th of the month, your U.S. Dollar Floating Rate LIBOR 
Bond will mature two weeks earlier than the total number of years of the Bond. There 
will be two sales periods per month: 
• 
Bonds issued on the 15th of the month will be offered from the 1st of the month 
through the 14th of the month; and  
• 
Bonds issued on the 1st of the month will be offered from the 15th of the month 
preceding the Issue Date through the last day of that month. 
Interest will accrue from (and including) the Issue Date up to (but not including) the 
maturity date of the U.S. Dollar Floating Rate LIBOR Bond. 
Interest Payment Dates for the U.S. Dollar Floating Rate LIBOR Bonds, on which interest 
will be paid semi-annually in arrear, are June 1st and December 1st in each year and upon 
maturity, except that for U.S. Dollar Floating Rate LIBOR Bonds issued on May 15th and 
November 15th in each year, the first interest payment will be on the second Interest 
Payment Date following their Issue Date. 
The initial interest rate of each U.S. Dollar Floating Rate LIBOR Bond is equal to the six 
month LIBOR (or, if LIBOR is discontinued, such other interest rate as may be selected 
by the Calculation Agent as further described below) in effect three Rate-Setting Days 
prior to the first day of the sales period of such Bond, as it appears on the Relevant 
Quotation System, rounded upwards to the next one-sixteenth (1/16) of one percent, if the 
quoted interest rate is not equivalent to one-sixteenth (1/16) of one percent (the 
"Applicable LIBOR Rate"), plus or minus a Spread.  
The Spread of each U.S. Dollar Floating Rate LIBOR Bond shall remain fixed until 
maturity. After the initial interest period, the interest rate will be adjusted semi-annually 
in accordance with the Applicable LIBOR Rate in effect on subsequent interest 
determination dates, which will be three Rate-Setting Days prior to June 1st and December 
1st of each year.  
In no event will the interest rate payable on the U.S. Dollar Floating Rate LIBOR Bonds 
be less than 0% per year.  If LIBOR changes during an interest period, this will not affect 
the rate of interest for that period. The rate of interest may vary (both upwards and 
downwards) from interest period to interest period as LIBOR changes. If LIBOR is 
discontinued, the Calculation Agent may select another interest rate, as further described 
below. 
The Spread and the initial interest rate applicable to each U.S. Dollar Floating Rate LIBOR 
Bond will be determined by the State of Israel and specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and published in the relevant Rate Sheet and on the Promoters' website not less than one 
Business Day prior to the first day of the sales period of such Bond. Subsequent interest 
rates applicable to each U.S. Dollar Floating Rate LIBOR Bond will be announced by the 
State of Israel one Business Day prior to June 1st or December 1st in each year. 
2.3.2 
The U.S. Dollar Jubilee Fixed Rate Bonds  
The minimum purchase amount of the U.S. Dollar Jubilee Fixed Rate Bonds is 
U.S.$25,000.  U.S. Dollar Jubilee Fixed Rate Bonds may be purchased in integral 
multiples of U.S.$5,000 in excess of U.S.$25,000 (or in such other integral multiples 
specified in the applicable Final Terms).

--- Page 106 ---
- 94 - 
 
 
In addition, if you have purchased a minimum of U.S.$25,000 of U.S. Dollar Jubilee 
Fixed Rate Bonds of a certain maturity period in a single purchase during the twelve (12) 
month period immediately preceding the additional purchase, you may purchase such 
additional U.S. Dollar Jubilee Fixed Rate Bonds of the same maturity period in 
denominations of U.S.$5,000 or integral multiples of U.S.$5,000 (or in such other 
integral multiples specified in the applicable Final Terms). Additional Bonds must be 
registered in the same name as the Bonds satisfying the minimum purchase requirement. 
Each State of Israel 1-Year U.S. Dollar Jubilee Fixed Rate Bond, 2-Year U.S. Dollar 
Jubilee Fixed Rate Bond, 3-Year  U.S. Dollar Jubilee Fixed Rate Bond, 5-Year U.S. 
Dollar Jubilee Fixed Rate Bond, 10-Year  U.S. Dollar Jubilee Fixed Rate Bond and 15-
Year U.S. Dollar Jubilee Fixed Rate Bond will mature on the first calendar day of the 
month during which the first (1st), second (2nd), third (3rd), fifth (5th), tenth (10th) or 
fifteenth (15th) anniversary, as the case may be, of the Issue Date of the relevant Bond 
shall fall.  
Issue Dates for U.S. Dollar Jubilee Fixed Rate Bonds will be the 1st and 15th of the 
month. If your Issue Date is the 15th of the month, your U.S. Dollar Jubilee Fixed Rate 
Bond will mature two weeks earlier than the total number of years of the Bond. There 
will be two sales periods per month: 
• 
Bonds issued on the 15th of the month will be offered from the 1st of the month 
through the 14th of the month; and  
• 
Bonds issued on the 1st of the month will be offered from the 15th of the month 
preceding the Issue Date through the last day of that month. 
Interest will accrue from (and including) the Issue Date of the U.S. Dollar Jubilee Fixed 
Rate Bond up to (but not including) the maturity date. Except in the cases described in 
this Information Memorandum, interest will be paid every May 1st, November 1st and 
on maturity of the U.S. Dollar Jubilee Fixed Rate Bond. 
Interest Payment Dates for the U.S. Dollar Jubilee Fixed Rate Bonds, on which interest 
will be paid semi-annually in arrear, are May 1st and November 1st in each year and upon 
maturity, except that for U.S. Dollar Jubilee Fixed Rate Bonds issued on April 15th and 
October 15th in each year, the first interest payment will be on the second Interest 
Payment Date following their Issue Date. 
The interest rate applicable to each U.S. Dollar Jubilee Fixed Rate Bond shall be a fixed 
percentage per annum to be determined prior to the issue of the relevant Bond.  The 
applicable interest rate will be announced one Business Day prior to the first day of the 
sales period for such Bond and will be specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
applicable Rate Sheet and on the Promoters' website. 
2.3.3 
The U.S. Dollar Maccabee Fixed Rate Bonds  
The minimum purchase amount of the U.S. Dollar Maccabee Fixed Rate Bonds is 
U.S.$5,000.  U.S. Dollar Maccabee Fixed Rate Bonds may be purchased in integral 
multiples of U.S.$500 in excess of U.S.$5,000 (or in such other integral multiples 
specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
In addition, if you have purchased a minimum of U.S.$5,000 of U.S. Dollar Maccabee 
Fixed Rate Bonds of a certain maturity period in a single purchase during the twelve (12) 
month period immediately preceding the additional purchase, you may purchase such 
additional U.S. Dollar Maccabee Fixed Rate Bonds of the same maturity period in 
denominations of U.S.$500 or integral multiples of U.S.$500 (or in such other integral 
multiples specified in the applicable Final Terms). Additional Bonds must be registered 
in the same name as the Bonds satisfying the minimum purchase requirement. 
Each State of Israel 1-Year U.S. Dollar Maccabee Fixed Rate Bond, 2-Year U.S. Dollar 
Maccabee Fixed Rate Bond, 3-Year U.S. Dollar Maccabee Fixed Rate Bond, 5-Year U.S. 
Dollar Maccabee Fixed Rate Bond, 10-Year U.S. Dollar Maccabee Fixed Rate Bond and

--- Page 107 ---
- 95 - 
 
 
15-Year U.S. Dollar Maccabee Fixed Rate Bond will mature on the first calendar day of 
the month during which the first (1st), second (2nd), third (3rd), fifth (5th), tenth (10th) 
or fifteenth (15th) anniversary, as the case may be, of the Issue Date of the relevant Bond 
shall fall.  
Issue Dates for U.S. Dollar Maccabee Fixed Rate Bonds will be the 1st and 15th of the 
month. If your Issue Date is the 15th of the month, your Maccabee Fixed Rate Bond will 
mature two weeks earlier than the total number of years of the Bond. There will be two 
sales periods per month: 
• 
Bonds issued on the 15th of the month will be offered from the 1st of the month 
through the 14th of the month; and  
• 
Bonds issued on the 1st of the month will be offered from the 15th of the month 
preceding the Issue Date through the last day of that month. 
Interest will accrue from (and including) the Issue Date of the U.S. Dollar Maccabee 
Fixed Rate Bond up to (but not including) the maturity date. Except in the cases described 
in this Information Memorandum, interest will be paid every May 1st, November 1st and 
upon maturity of the U.S. Dollar Maccabee Fixed Rate Bond.  
Interest Payment Dates for the U.S. Dollar Maccabee Fixed Rate Bonds, on which interest 
will be paid semi-annually in arrear, are May 1st and November 1st in each year and upon 
maturity, except that for U.S. Dollar Maccabee Fixed Rate Bonds issued on April 15th 
and October 15th in each year, the first interest payment will be on the second Interest 
Payment Date following their Issue Date. 
The interest rate applicable to each U.S. Dollar Maccabee Fixed Rate Bond shall be a 
fixed percentage per annum to be determined prior to the issue of the relevant Bond. The 
applicable interest rate will be announced one Business Day prior to the first day of the 
sales period for such Bond and will be specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
applicable Rate Sheet and on the Promoters' website. 
2.3.4 
The U.S. Dollar Mazel Tov Savings Bonds  
The minimum purchase amount of the U.S. Dollar Mazel Tov Savings Bonds is 
U.S.$100.  U.S. Dollar Mazel Tov Savings Bonds may be purchased in integral multiples 
of U.S.$1 in excess of U.S.$100 (or in such other integral multiples specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) provided, however, that the maximum amount of U.S. Dollar 
Mazel Tov Savings Bonds that may be purchased by any person to be issued on any Issue 
Date (which, in the case of U.S. Dollar Mazel Tov Savings Bonds, is the 1st of each 
month) and registered in the name of any one holder, is U.S.$2,500. 
Each State of Israel 5-Year U.S. Dollar Mazel Tov Savings Bond and 10-Year U.S. Dollar 
Mazel Tov Savings Bond will mature on the first calendar day of the month during which 
the fifth (5th) or tenth (10th) anniversary, as the case may be, of the Issue Date of the 
relevant Bond shall fall. U.S. Dollar Mazel Tov Savings Bonds will be issued on the 1st 
of the month. These Bonds will be sold in one sales period per month: from the 1st of the 
month preceding the Issue Date through the last day of that month. 
Interest will accrue from (and including) the Issue Date of the U.S. Dollar Mazel Tov 
Savings Bond and will be compounded annually until (but not including) the maturity 
date, but shall only be payable at maturity of the U.S. Dollar Mazel Tov Savings Bond. 
The interest rate applicable to each U.S. Dollar Mazel Tov Savings Bond shall be a fixed 
percentage per annum to be determined prior to the issue of the relevant Bond.  The 
applicable interest rate will be announced one Business Day prior to the first day of the 
sales period for such Bond and will be specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
applicable Rate Sheet and on the Promoters' website. 
2.3.5 
The U.S. Dollar Sabra Savings Bonds

--- Page 108 ---
- 96 - 
 
 
The minimum purchase amount of the 1-Year U.S. Dollar Sabra Savings Bonds is 
U.S.$5,000.  1-Year U.S. Dollar Sabra Savings Bonds may be purchased in integral 
multiples of U.S.$1,000 in excess of U.S.$5,000 (or in such other integral multiples 
specified in the applicable Final Terms). The maximum amount of 1-Year U.S. Dollar 
Sabra Savings Bonds that may be purchased by any person to be issued on any Issue Date 
is U.S.$500,000. 
The minimum purchase amount of the 2-Year U.S. Dollar Sabra Savings Bonds, 3-Year 
U.S. Dollar Sabra Savings Bonds, 5-Year U.S. Dollar Sabra Savings Bonds and 10-Year 
U.S. Dollar Sabra Savings Bonds is U.S.$1,000. These U.S. Dollar Sabra Savings Bonds 
may be purchased in integral multiples of U.S.$100 in excess of U.S.$1,000 (or in such 
other integral multiples specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
Each State of Israel 1-Year U.S. Dollar Sabra Savings Bond, 2-Year U.S. Dollar Sabra 
Savings Bond, 3-Year U.S. Dollar Sabra Savings Bond, 5-Year U.S. Dollar Sabra 
Savings Bond and 10-Year U.S. Dollar Sabra Savings Bond will mature on the first 
calendar day of the month during which the first (1st), second (2nd), third (3rd), fifth 
(5th) or tenth (10th) anniversary, as the case may be, of the Issue Date of the relevant 
Bond shall fall.  
Issue Dates for U.S. Dollar Sabra Savings Bonds will be the 1st and 15th of the month. 
If your Issue Date is the 15th of the month, your U.S. Dollar Sabra Savings Bond will 
mature two weeks earlier than the total number of years of the Bond. There will be two 
sales periods per month: 
• 
Bonds issued on the 15th of the month will be offered from the 1st of the month 
through the 14th of the month; and  
• 
Bonds issued on the 1st of the month will be offered from the 15th of the month 
preceding the Issue Date through the last day of that month. 
Interest will accrue from (and including) the Issue Date of the U.S. Dollar Sabra Savings 
Bond and will be compounded annually until (but not including) the maturity date, but 
shall only be payable at maturity of the U.S. Dollar Sabra Savings Bond.  
The interest rate applicable to each U.S. Dollar Sabra Savings Bond shall be a fixed 
percentage per annum to be determined prior to the issue of the relevant Bond.  The 
applicable interest rate will be announced one Business Day prior to the first day of the 
sales period for such Bond and will be specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
applicable Rate Sheet and on the Promoters' website. 
2.3.6 
The U.S. Dollar Savings Bonds  
The minimum purchase amount of the 2-Year, 3-Year, 5-Year and 10-Year U.S. Dollar 
Savings Bonds is U.S.$2,500.  These U.S. Dollar Savings Bonds may be purchased in 
integral multiples of U.S.$500 in excess of U.S.$2,500 (or in such other integral multiples 
specified in the applicable Final Terms). The minimum purchase amount of the 1-Year 
U.S. Dollar Savings Bonds is U.S.$5,000 (and integral multiples of U.S$500 in excess of 
U.S.$5,000 (or such other integral multiples specified in the applicable Final Terms)). 
The maximum amount of 1-Year U.S. Dollar Savings Bonds that may be purchased by 
any person to be issued on any Issue Date is U.S.$1,000,000.  
Each State of Israel 1-Year U.S. Dollar Savings Bond, 2-Year U.S. Dollar Savings Bond, 
3-Year U.S. Dollar Savings Bond, 5-Year U.S. Dollar Savings Bond and 10-Year U.S. 
Dollar Savings Bond will mature on the first calendar day of the month during which the 
first (1st), second (2nd), third (3rd), fifth (5th) or tenth (10th) anniversary, as the case 
may be, of the Issue Date of the relevant Bond shall fall.  
Issue Dates for U.S. Dollar Savings Bonds will be the 1st and 15th of the month. If your 
Issue Date is the 15th of the month, your U.S. Dollar Savings Bond will mature two 
weeks earlier than the total number of years of the Bond. There will be two sales periods 
per month:

--- Page 109 ---
- 97 - 
 
 
• 
Bonds issued on the 15th of the month will be offered from the 1st of the month 
through the 14th of the month; and  
• 
Bonds issued on the 1st of the month will be offered from the 15th of the month 
preceding the Issue Date through the last day of that month. 
Interest will accrue from (and including) the Issue Date of the U.S. Dollar Savings Bond 
and will be compounded annually until (but not including) the maturity date, but shall 
only be payable at maturity of the U.S. Dollar Savings Bond.  
The interest rate applicable to each U.S. Dollar Savings Bond shall be a fixed percentage 
per annum to be determined prior to the issue of the relevant Bond.  The applicable 
interest rate will be announced one Business Day prior to the first day of the sales period 
for such Bond and will be specified in the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Rate 
Sheet and on the Promoters' website.  
2.3.7 
The U.S. Dollar eMazel Tov Savings Bonds 
The minimum purchase amount of the 5-Year and 10-Year U.S. Dollar eMazel Tov 
Savings Bonds is U.S.$36. U.S. Dollar eMazel Tov Savings Bonds may be purchased in 
integral multiples of U.S.$1 in excess of U.S.$36 (or in such other integral multiples 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) provided, however, that the maximum amount of 
U.S. Dollar eMazel Tov Savings Bonds that may be purchased by any person to be issued 
on any Issue Date (which, in the case of U.S. Dollar eMazel Tov Savings Bonds, is the 1st 
of each month) and registered in the name of any one holder, is U.S.$2,500. The purchase 
of U.S. Dollar eMazel Tov Savings Bonds is only available through the website of 
Development Company for Israel (International) Limited and Development Company for 
Israel (Europe) GmbH (http://www.israelbondsintl.com). 
Each 5-Year U.S. Dollar eMazel Tov Savings Bond and 10-Year U.S. Dollar eMazel Tov 
Savings Bond will mature on the first calendar day of the month during which the fifth 
(5th) or tenth (10th) anniversary, as the case may be, of the Issue Date of the relevant Bond 
shall fall. U.S. Dollar eMazel Tov Savings Bonds will be issued on the 1st of the month. 
These Bonds will be sold in one sales period per month: from the 1st of the month 
preceding the Issue Date through the last day of that month.  
Interest will accrue from (and including) the Issue Date of the U.S. Dollar eMazel Tov 
Savings Bond and will be compounded annually until (but not including) the maturity date, 
but shall only be payable at maturity of the U.S. Dollar eMazel Tov Savings Bond. 
The interest rate applicable to each U.S. Dollar eMazel Tov Savings Bond shall be a fixed 
percentage per annum to be determined prior to the issue of the relevant Bond. The 
applicable interest rate will be announced one Business Day prior to the first day of the 
sales period for such Bond and will be specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
applicable Rate Sheet and on the Promoters' website. 
2.3.8 
The U.S. Dollar Shalom Savings Bonds 
The minimum purchase amount of the 1-Year and 2-Year U.S. Dollar Shalom Savings 
Bonds is U.S.$36. U.S. Dollar Shalom Savings Bonds may be purchased in integral 
multiples of U.S.$1 in excess of U.S.$36 (or in such other integral multiples specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) provided, however, that the maximum amount of U.S. Dollar 
Shalom Savings Bonds that may be purchased by any person on any Issue Date (which, in 
the case of U.S. Dollar Shalom Savings Bonds, is the 1st of each month) is 
U.S.$1,000,000. The purchase of U.S. Dollar Shalom Savings Bonds is only available 
through the website of Development Company for Israel (International) Limited and 
Development Company for Israel (Europe) GmbH (http://www.israelbondsintl.com).  
The purchase of U.S. Dollar Shalom Savings Bonds is permitted only if the U.S. Dollar 
Shalom Savings Bonds purchased are issued to a Permitted Holder. The State of Israel has 
the right to decline to issue U.S. Dollar Shalom Savings Bonds to an entity that the State 
of Israel does not deem to be a Permitted Holder.

--- Page 110 ---
- 98 - 
 
 
Each 1-Year U.S. Dollar Shalom Savings Bond and 2-Year U.S. Dollar Shalom Savings 
Bond will mature on the first calendar day of the month during which the first (1st) or 
second (2nd) anniversary, as the case may be, of the Issue Date of the relevant Bond shall 
fall. U.S. Dollar Shalom Savings Bonds will be issued on the 1st of the month. These 
Bonds will be sold in one sales period per month: from the 1st of the month preceding the 
Issue Date through the last day of that month. 
Interest will accrue from (and including) the Issue Date of the U.S. Dollar Shalom Savings 
Bond and will be compounded annually until (but not including) the maturity date, but 
shall only be payable at maturity of the U.S. Dollar Shalom Savings Bond.  
The interest rate applicable to each U.S. Dollar Shalom Savings Bond shall be a fixed 
percentage per annum to be determined prior to the issue of the relevant Bond. The 
applicable interest rate will be announced one Business Day prior to the first day of the 
sales period for such Bond and will be specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
applicable Rate Sheet and on the Promoters' website. 
3. 
Status of the Bonds 
The Bonds constitute and will constitute direct, general, unconditional and unsubordinated 
External Indebtedness of the State of Israel for which the full faith and credit of the State of Israel 
is pledged. The Bonds of each series rank and will rank without any preference among themselves 
and equally with all other unsubordinated External Indebtedness of the State of Israel. It is 
understood that this provision shall not be construed so as to require the State of Israel to make 
payments under the Bonds ratably with payments being made under any other External 
Indebtedness.  For the purposes of this Condition 3, "External Indebtedness" means any 
Indebtedness which is payable by its terms or at the option of its holder in any currency other than 
the currency of Israel and "Indebtedness" means all obligations of the Issuer in respect of 
borrowed money and guarantees given by the Issuer in respect of money borrowed by others. 
4. 
Early Redemption  
The Bonds are subject to early redemption and repurchase by the State of Israel as described in this 
Condition. Whether the Bonds are redeemed at the option of the State of Israel, or repurchased by 
the State of Israel at the request of the Bond holder or on such other terms and conditions as the 
State of Israel may determine, the State of Israel will redeem or repurchase Bonds for a purchase 
price equal to the principal amount of the Bond together with interest accrued to the redemption or 
repurchase date. If the redemption or repurchase price is not paid upon the surrender of any Bond, 
then such Bonds will continue to accrue interest at the rate prescribed for such Bonds through the 
maturity of the Bond. 
The State of Israel will not be required to issue or register the transfer or exchange of any Bond 
during the period beginning with the fifteenth (15th) Business Day prior to the date of the posting 
of a notice of redemption through the end of the date of the posting. The State of Israel will also 
not be required to register the transfer or exchange of any Bond selected for redemption in whole 
or in part, except for the unredeemed portion of the Bond being redeemed in part. 
4.1 
At the Request of a Bond holder 
A Bond may be repurchased by the State of Israel prior to its maturity, but only on the first Business 
Day of a given month, within sixty (60) days following the State of Israel's receipt of a Bond 
holder's written request accompanied by an instrument of transfer in a form approved by the Fiscal 
Agent, under the following circumstances, as applicable: 
• 
Upon the death of any natural person who was the original Registered Owner (or the last 
survivor of joint original Registered Owners); provided that such obligation of the State 
of Israel to redeem upon death shall cease and terminate and shall not apply when the 
Bond is owned by a transferee or assignee. 
• 
Upon the death of any natural person (or the dissolution of a testamentary trust following 
the death of such person) who owned such Bond through an individual personal pension 
plan.

--- Page 111 ---
- 99 - 
 
 
• 
Upon the termination of any employee benefit plan which is the Registered Owner. In 
such circumstances, evidence must be provided to the State of Israel that such employee 
benefit plan has been terminated and that the assets are to be liquidated to meet the plan's 
commitments. 
The three scenarios described above are subject to the caveat that the State of Israel may suspend 
or terminate its obligation to purchase such Bond if, in the opinion of the State of Israel, a material 
number of the affected original Registered Owners have died as a result of war, epidemic, 
catastrophe of nature or other disaster. 
Early redemption at the behest of Registered Owners is impossible in any other circumstances. 
4.2 
At the Option of the State of Israel 
The Bonds are subject to redemption at any time by the State of Israel. Any holding of Bonds is 
redeemable as a whole or in part. If the Bonds are redeemed in part, selection of the Bonds to be 
redeemed will be at the State of Israel's discretion; however, the Bonds will be redeemed in groups, 
such that each group of Bonds will consist of all Bonds of the same Tranche bearing the same Issue 
Date. Partial redemption can be made only on an Interest Payment Date. In addition, no Bonds of 
any Series can be redeemed at the option of the State of Israel unless the Bonds of such Series 
having a prior Issue Date are or have been called for redemption. For purposes of such redemption, 
the Bonds will be called in accordance with the provisions of the Fiscal Agency Agreement, and 
there will be no aggregation of different series or other debt instruments of the State of Israel. (For 
the avoidance of doubt, there will be no aggregation irrespective of any similarity in name, 
maturity, currency, denomination, integral terms and/or issue date between the Bonds offered 
hereby and any different series or other debt instruments of the State of Israel.) A notice of 
redemption will be posted to all affected Bond owners by the Fiscal Agent between thirty (30) and 
sixty (60) days prior to the intended redemption date. The notice will state: 
• 
the redemption date; 
• 
whether all Bonds or a group of Bonds are to be redeemed; 
• 
in the case of a redemption of a group of Bonds, a description of the group of Bonds that 
are to be redeemed; 
• 
the redemption price; 
• 
that on the redemption date no owner of Bonds called for redemption is entitled to more 
than the redemption price, and that the redemption price is due and payable on the 
redemption date; and  
• 
the place where the Bonds are to be redeemed. 
4.3 
Repurchase by the State of Israel Under Other Terms and Conditions 
In addition to a redemption or repurchase of the Bonds described under Conditions 4.1 and 4.2 
above, the State of Israel reserves the right to repurchase the Bonds in whole or in part, at any time, 
at such terms and under such conditions as may be determined by the State of Israel. Bonds so 
repurchased shall be purchased from Bond holders willing to sell such Bonds on the terms and 
conditions determined by the State of Israel in respect of such repurchase. Repurchased Bonds may 
be held or resold by the State of Israel or surrendered to the Fiscal Agent for cancellation in 
accordance with the Fiscal Agency Agreement. 
5. 
Event of Default 
If the State of Israel shall default in a payment of interest or of the principal sum of a Bond or of a 
portion thereof then any amount not so paid will bear interest at the rate applicable to the relevant 
Bond(s) plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the relevant Spread. Interest 
shall be paid from and including the date of default until but not including the date of actual 
payment. If the default shall continue for a period of ninety (90) days then the Registered Owner 
will be entitled to give a written demand to the State of Israel requiring payment of the principal

--- Page 112 ---
- 100 - 
 
 
sum which will then become due and payable (together with unpaid accrued interest) on the date 
such written demand is actually received by the State of Israel unless the default shall have been 
cured by the State of Israel prior to such date. 
6. 
Additional Provisions relating to the Calculation of Interest 
6.1 
General 
Interest calculations in relation to the Bonds shall be performed by the Fiscal Agent, with the 
resulting figures rounded to the nearest unit of the specified currency of the relevant Bonds (with 
halves being rounded up) where required, and approved by the Issuer prior to any payments of 
interest.   
6.2 
Fallback Provisions for the Calculation of Floating Rate Interest 
6.2.1 
Other than upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Event as defined in Condition 6.2.2, 
below, if the Relevant Quotation System is not available, the Fiscal Agent shall use the 
most recently published offered quotation for deposits in the Specified Currency on such 
Relevant Quotation System to determine the rate of interest in respect of any floating rate 
Bonds for the applicable interest period, plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the relevant Spread.  
6.2.2  
Benchmark Discontinuation 
6.2.2.1 In respect of Bonds with a floating rate of interest, if a Benchmark Event occurs 
in relation to an Original Reference Rate at any time when these Conditions 
provide for any remaining rate of interest (or any component part thereof) to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall 
use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 6.2.2.2) and, in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread (in accordance with Condition 6.2.2.3) and any Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with Condition 6.2.2.4). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 6.2.2 shall act in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and (in the absence of bad 
faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, 
any other party specified in the applicable Final Terms as being responsible for 
calculating the rate of interest or the Bondholders for any determination made 
by it pursuant to this Condition 6.2.2. 
6.2.2.2 If the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer), acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines that: 
(a) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate as adjusted by the 
applicable Adjustment Spread as provided in Condition 6.2.2.3 shall 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the relevant rate(s) of interest (or the relevant component 
part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the 
relevant Bonds (subject to the further operation of this Condition 
6.2.2); or 
(b) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then 
such Alternative Rate as adjusted by the applicable Adjustment Spread 
as provided in Condition 6.2.2.3 shall subsequently be used in place of 
the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant rate(s) of interest 
(or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future 
payments of interest on the relevant Bonds (subject to the further 
operation of this Condition 6.2.2).

--- Page 113 ---
- 101 - 
 
 
6.2.2.3 If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in accordance with 
Condition 6.2.2.2, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer), 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, shall determine 
an Adjustment Spread (which may be expressed as a specified quantum, or a 
formula or methodology for determining the applicable Adjustment Spread 
(and, for the avoidance of doubt, such an Adjustment Spread may be positive, 
negative or zero)), which Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent 
determination of a relevant rate of interest (or a relevant component part thereof) 
by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
6.2.2.4 If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 6.2.2 and 
the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer), acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines (A) that amendments to 
these Conditions and/or the Fiscal Agency Agreement (including, without 
limitation, amendments to the definitions of Day Count Fraction, Business Day 
or Relevant Screen Page) are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) Adjustment Spread  
(such amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (B) the terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof 
in accordance with Condition 6.2.2.5, without any requirement for the consent 
or approval of Bondholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such 
Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
At the request of the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable shall (at the expense of the Issuer), without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of Bondholders, be obliged to concur with the Issuer in 
effecting any Benchmark Amendments and the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable shall not be liable to any party for any consequences 
thereof, provided that the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
shall not be obliged so to concur if in the reasonable opinion of the Fiscal Agent 
or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, doing so would impose more onerous 
obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or 
liabilities or reduce rights and/or the protective provisions afforded to the Fiscal 
Agent in these Conditions or the Fiscal Agency Agreement in any way. 
6.2.2.5 The Issuer will notify the Fiscal Agent, any other party specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being responsible for calculating the rate of interest 
and the Bondholders promptly of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, 
Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments 
determined under this Condition 6.2.2. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
6.2.2.6 Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under the provisions of this 
Condition 6.2.2, the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions 
provided for in Condition 6.2.1 will continue to apply unless and until a 
Benchmark Event has occurred. 
6.2.2.7 If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the 
determination of the rate of interest on the relevant interest determination date, 
no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) or (in either case) 
applicable Adjustment Spread is determined and notified to the Fiscal Agent or 
any other party specified in the applicable Final Terms as being responsible for 
calculating the rate of interest (as applicable), in each case pursuant to this

--- Page 114 ---
- 102 - 
 
 
Condition 6.2.2, prior to such interest determination date, then condition 6.2.3 
shall apply. 
For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 6.2.2.7 shall apply to the 
determination of the rate of interest on the relevant interest determination date 
only, and the rate of interest applicable to any subsequent interest period(s) is 
subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 6.2.2. 
6.2.2.8 As used in this Condition 6.2:  
"Adjustment Spread" means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, 
negative or zero), or (b) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in 
either case which is to be applied to the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to 
the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate 
by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(b) 
in the case of an Alternative Rate or (where (A) above does not apply) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, the Independent Adviser determines 
(in consultation with the Issuer) is recognised or acknowledged as 
being in customary market usage in international debt capital markets 
transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such 
rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be); or 
(c) 
(if the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) determines 
that neither (A) nor (B) above applies) the Independent Adviser (in 
consultation with the Issuer) determines to be appropriate, having 
regard to the objective, so far as is reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, of reducing or eliminating any economic prejudice or 
benefit (as the case may be) to Bondholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative to the Original Reference Rate which 
the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) determines in 
accordance with Condition 6.2.2.2 has replaced the Original Reference Rate in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the 
purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) for debt securities with a commensurate interest period and in the same 
Specified Currency as the Bonds, or if the Independent Adviser (in consultation 
with the Issuer) determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as the 
Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) determines in its sole 
discretion is most comparable to the Original Reference Rate; 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 6.2.2.4; 
"Benchmark Event" means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for at least five 
business days or ceasing to exist or be administered; or 
(b) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, 
cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has

--- Page 115 ---
- 103 - 
 
 
been appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference 
Rate) and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the specified date 
referred to in (b)(i); or 
(c) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has 
been permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original 
Reference Rate will, on or before a specified date, be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date falling six months prior to 
the specified date referred to in (d)(i); or 
(e) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that means the Original 
Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will 
be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case on or 
before a specified date and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the 
specified date referred to in (e)(i); or 
(f) 
it has or will prior to the next interest determination date become 
unlawful for the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, any other party specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being responsible for calculating the rate 
of interest or any Fiscal Agent to calculate any payments due to be 
made to any Bondholder using the Original Reference Rate; or 
(g) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of such Original Reference Rate announcing that such Original 
Reference Rate is no longer representative or may no longer be used; 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or an independent financial adviser with appropriate 
experience in the international debt capital markets appointed by the Issuer, at 
its own expense, under Condition 6.2.2.1; 
"Original Reference Rate" means, for Euro Floating Rate Bonds, EURIBOR, 
and for U.S. Dollar Floating Rate LIBOR Bonds, LIBOR (provided that if, 
following one or more Benchmark Events, such originally specified Reference 
Rate (or any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which has replaced it) has been 
replaced by a (or a further) Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and a Benchmark 
Event subsequently occurs in respect of such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate, the term "Original Reference Rate" shall include any such Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate); 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the Original Reference Rate 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate; or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired 
by or constituted at the request of (i) the central bank for the currency 
to which the Original Reference Rate relates, (ii) any central bank or 
other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate, (iii) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (iv) 
the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and

--- Page 116 ---
- 104 - 
 
 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating 
Body. 
 
6.2.3 
Following a Benchmark Event, unless the Calculation Agent determines an Alternative 
Rate or Successor Rate (in each case along with an Adjustment Spread) in accordance 
with Condition 6.2.2 prior to the relevant interest determination date, then the Calculation 
Agent, after consultation with the State of Israel, will select four major banks in the 
relevant interbank market for the Original Reference Rate and will request each of their 
principal offices in such market to provide a quotation of the rate at which six-month 
deposits in the relevant currency in amounts of at least €1,000,000 or $1,000,000, as 
applicable, are offered by it to prime banks in the relevant interbank market, on that date 
and at that time, that is representative of single transactions at that time. If at least two 
quotations are provided, then six-month LIBOR or EURIBOR, as applicable, for the 
relevant interest period will be the arithmetic average (rounded upward if necessary to the 
nearest whole multiple of 0.00001%) of the quotations provided. Otherwise, the 
Calculation Agent will select three major banks in New York City and will request each 
of them to provide a quotation of the rate offered by it on the interest determination date 
for loans in the relevant currency to leading European banks having an index maturity of 
six months for the applicable interest determination date in an amount of at least 
€1,000,000 or $1,000,000, as applicable, that is representative of single transactions at that 
time. If three quotations are provided, then six-month LIBOR or EURIBOR, as applicable, 
for the relevant interest determination date will be the arithmetic average (rounded upward 
if necessary to the nearest whole multiple of 0.00001%) of the quotations provided. 
Otherwise, the Calculation Agent, after consulting such sources as it deems comparable 
to any of the foregoing quotations or display page, or any such source as it deems 
reasonable from which to estimate six-month LIBOR or EURIBOR, as applicable, or any 
of the foregoing lending rates, shall determine six-month LIBOR or EURIBOR, as 
applicable, for the relevant interest determination date in its sole discretion. The 
Calculation Agent will instruct the Fiscal Agent as to the interest rate to apply, and the 
Fiscal Agent shall be entitled to rely on such instruction. 
Absent manifest error, the Calculation Agent's determination of the interest rate for an 
interest determination date for the Bonds will be binding and conclusive on the 
Bondholder, the Fiscal Agent and the State of Israel. In making the above determination, 
the Calculation Agent shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
The Calculation Agent has not yet been appointed; State of Israel may appoint itself or 
designate a third party as calculation agent. Where a Calculation Agent has been appointed 
following the discontinuation of an Original Reference Rate, the Fiscal Agent, on behalf 
of the State of Israel, shall notify the Bondholders in writing of (i) such appointment; (ii) 
the substitute or successor interest rate that the Calculation Agent determines will be 
applicable in accordance with the above; and (iii) any consequential amendments to these 
Conditions required in connection with the same. 
7. 
Interest and Principal Payment 
Interest shall accrue from (and including) the Issue Date of the Bond up to (but not including) the 
maturity date on the basis of a 365-day year and the number of days elapsed. The Bonds will not 
accrue interest after the maturity.  
All payments of principal and interest will be made in the Specified Currency.   
To the extent applicable, all interest payments shall be paid by cheque posted to the Registered 
Owner's address of record with the Fiscal Agent or credited to a bank account held by the 
Registered Owner, the details of which the Registered Owner has provided to the Promoters for 
such purposes. Interest payments made by bank transfer to a bank account in the United Kingdom 
or any EEA Member State (being a member state of the European Union which adopts or has 
adopted the Euro as its lawful currency in accordance with legislation of the European Union

--- Page 117 ---
- 105 - 
 
 
relating to Economic and Monetary Union) will be made by the Fiscal Agent, through a bank in 
the United Kingdom or that EEA Member State.  
On maturity of a book-entry Bond, the Fiscal Agent will pay the principal amount and accrued 
interest on the relevant Bond to the Registered Owner by posting a cheque to the last address of 
the Registered Owner notified to the Fiscal Agent or by a bank transfer into a bank account held 
by the Registered Owner.  
On maturity of a Bond that, in the exceptional circumstances detailed in these Conditions, is 
represented by a Bond certificate, the Fiscal Agent will pay the principal amount and accrued 
interest on the relevant Bond by posting a cheque to the last address of the Registered Owner 
notified to the Fiscal Agent or by a bank transfer in the same manner as for a book-entry Bond, but 
only against delivery of the Bond certificate to the Fiscal Agent for cancellation. 
If the due date for any payment of interest or principal is not a Business Day, then the relevant 
payment shall be made on the next day which is a Business Day but no additional interest will be 
payable as a result of such extension.  
8. 
Taxation 
Interest and principal sums due under the Bonds will be paid by the State of Israel without 
deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties imposed or levied by or within 
the State of Israel (other than where the Bond holder is subject to such taxes or duties for a reason 
other than the holding or ownership of the Bond or the receipt of income therefrom). 
9. 
Transferability 
9.1 
General 
Any person becoming entitled to a Bond as a result of a transfer, assignment or transmission 
pursuant to this Condition 9 may apply to be registered as the holder of such Bond, upon: (1) 
notifying the Fiscal Agent of a request to transfer or assign the Bond pursuant to Condition 9.2 
below or producing such evidence as reasonably requested by the Fiscal Agent to demonstrate 
entitlement by transmission pursuant to Condition 9.3 below and (2) notifying the Fiscal Agent in 
writing of the request to re-register the Bond along with appropriate transfer documents (and the 
Bond certificate if one was issued). 
Any Bond holder wishing to transfer or assign a Bond to "anyone designated by the State of Israel 
as a permitted transferee" pursuant to Condition 9.2.5 below should notify the Fiscal Agent in 
advance of making a request to re-register the Bond, provide such information on the contemplated 
transfer or assignment as may be required by the Fiscal Agent and/or the Issuer (including the 
amount of the Bond(s) to be transferred and the identity of the proposed transferee) and seek the 
Issuer's confirmation that it will consider such transferee as a permitted transferee.  Once such 
confirmation has been given, a request to re-register the Bond may then be made in accordance 
with the procedures set out at (1) and (2) in the above paragraph. 
A Bond holder should not contact the State of Israel directly in connection with any application to 
transfer or assign a Bond, or to designate a person as a permitted transferee of a Bond; all such 
applications and requests should be sent to the Fiscal Agent.  The State of Israel's confirmation of 
the designation of a transferee as a permitted transferee pursuant to Condition 9.2.5 will be given 
by the Fiscal Agent on the Issuer's behalf, following consultation with the Issuer, and the Issuer's 
consent to a transfer or assignment of a Bond pursuant to Condition 9.2 is deemed to be given upon 
registration of such Bond in the name of the new Bond holder(s) (absent error by the Fiscal Agent).   
9.2 
Transfer or assignment of Bonds  
The Issuer will consent to a transfer or assignment of a Bond only to the following permitted 
transferees, as applicable: 
9.2.1 
the State of Israel. If you donate your Bond to the State of Israel, the Bond (and any Bond 
payments to which you might be entitled) will be cancelled and the debt represented by 
the Bond and/or cheque will be deemed forgiven;

--- Page 118 ---
- 106 - 
 
 
9.2.2 
any religious, charitable, literary, scientific or educational organisation, contributions to 
which are, at the time of the transfer, deductible for income and similar tax purposes 
under the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (or are accorded 
similar treatment under the laws of the country in which the transferee is located), 
provided however that each such transfer is made by gift or bequest only, without any 
compensation to the transferor;  
9.2.3 
the Registered Owner's spouse, children, grandchildren, siblings, parents or grandparents; 
9.2.4 
a UK Registered Pension Scheme whose only members are the Registered Owner and (as 
applicable) the Registered Owner's spouse, children, grandchildren, siblings, parents 
and/or grandparents; or 
9.2.5 
anyone designated by the State of Israel as a permitted transferee. 
9.3 
Transfer upon death of a registered holder of Bonds or of any other event giving rise to the 
transmission of Bonds by operation of law 
In the case of death of a registered holder of Bonds or of any other event giving rise to the 
transmission of Bonds by operation of law, the only persons recognised by the State of Israel as 
having any right to such Bonds upon transmission are: 
9.3.1 
the personal representatives of a deceased registered holder's estate; or  
9.3.2 
the trustee in bankruptcy of a bankrupt registered holder; or 
9.3.3 
the trustee or administrator or other officially entitled person in relation to the estate of a 
registered holder who has been declared mentally incompetent by a court of competent 
jurisdiction; or 
9.3.4 
any person who can demonstrate that they have been appointed by a court of competent 
jurisdiction to represent the estate of a registered holder in any other applicable 
circumstances (including but not limited to cases where the Bonds are considered to be 
bona vacantia (i.e., property not disposed of by the deceased's will and to which no 
relative is entitled upon intestacy)). 
10. 
Purchase of Bonds 
10.1 
General 
Application for Bonds should be made by completing an Investment Form. Investors will also be 
required to sign the Promoters' Terms of Business, complete a Client Information Form and provide 
satisfactory evidence of their identity for the Promoters' anti-money laundering checks and provide 
any additional information required by local law in the jurisdiction of subscription. The Terms of 
Business and Client Information Form are available on the Promoters' website or copies may be 
obtained by contacting the Promoters directly. The State of Israel is not obliged to accept your 
subscription documents. 
In order to purchase a Bond on a specific Issue Date, your subscription documents must be accepted 
by or on behalf of the State of Israel and cleared funds in respect of the full purchase price of such 
Bond must be received and accepted in the account of the Fiscal Agent before such Issue Date (or 
before such other date announced by the State of Israel).  Your application to purchase a Bond will 
be accepted only when (1) your properly completed subscription documents are received by the 
Promoters and (2) the full purchase price of such Bond is actually received by the Fiscal Agent 
prior to the Issue Date. The purchase of eMazel Tov Savings Bonds and Shalom Savings Bonds is 
only available through the website of Development Company for Israel (International) Limited and 
Development Company for Israel (Europe) GmbH (http://www.israelbondsintl.com). 
The purchase of Shalom Savings Bonds is permitted only if the Shalom Savings Bonds purchased 
are issued to a Permitted Holder. The State of Israel has the right to decline to issue Shalom Savings 
Bonds to an entity that the State of Israel does not deem to be a Permitted Holder.

--- Page 119 ---
- 107 - 
 
 
If your subscription documents are accepted by or on behalf of the State of Israel and/or clear funds 
are accepted or received in the account of the Fiscal Agent on or after an Issue Date (or such other 
date), your Bond will be issued on a subsequent Issue Date.  When a Bond is issued on a subsequent 
Issue Date, the interest rate applicable to the Bond will be the interest rate applicable to such Issue 
Date, in accordance with the applicable Final Terms and then prevailing Rate Sheet. 
If the State of Israel does not accept your application to purchase Bonds, any payment made by 
you in connection with such purchase will be refunded within 21 Business Days after the date of 
rejection of the subscription application and you shall not be entitled to any interest or other 
compensation in respect of such refunded payment. 
10.2 
Currencies / Conversion of Funds 
When purchasing a Bond, investors may tender funds in Euro, British Pounds Sterling or United 
States Dollars. Where investors tender a currency which is different to the Specified Currency of 
the relevant Bond, rather than the Specified Currency, the Fiscal Agent will convert the currency 
received from the investor into the Specified Currency at an exchange rate that it determines in its 
sole discretion acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. Funds which are not 
in the Specified Currency must, upon conversion, equal or exceed the minimum purchase amount 
of the relevant Bond in the Specified Currency.   
10.3 
Reinvesting a matured State of Israel bond  
If you are reinvesting a matured State of Israel bond in Bonds, in order for your new Bond to be 
issued on the maturity date of your reinvested bond, your subscription must be accepted by or on 
behalf of the State of Israel by the fifth of the month during which the maturity date occurs of your 
reinvested bond (or, if such date falls on a non-Business Day, the first Business Day after such 
date). Unless sales of a certain Bond are suspended, a subscription will be accepted by or on behalf 
of the State of Israel if it is in a form acceptable to the State of Israel before the designated date as 
set forth above. 
10.4 
Reinvesting payments in purchases of new Bonds 
If a Bond holder intends to reinvest payments of principal or interest in purchases of new Bonds 
then, upon request by the Bond holder, the Fiscal Agent may convert such payments into the 
Specified Currency of the new Bonds (being Euro, British Pounds Sterling or United States 
Dollars) at an exchange rate determined by it in its sole discretion acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. 
11. 
Bond Certificates 
All Bonds are issued in book-entry form. Bond certificates will not normally be issued (except in 
the limited circumstances described below in this paragraph).  Instead, the Fiscal Agent will post 
to each person registered as the purchaser of a Bond a confirmation that they (or the relevant third 
party whom they may have designated) have been entered in the Bond register as the Registered 
Owner along with other pertinent information. Certificates will be issued only in the cases of 
Registered Owners who are government agencies, pension funds, financial institutions and 
employee benefit plans that so request at the time of purchase, or upon written consent of the State 
of Israel. Certificates will not be issuable for eMazel Tov Savings Bonds and Shalom Savings 
Bonds. The Fiscal Agent, on behalf of the State of Israel, will forward all notices relating to the 
Bonds to the Registered Owner(s).  
Upon maturity or redemption of a book-entry Bond, the Fiscal Agent will automatically pay the 
principal amount and accrued interest on the book-entry Bond to the Registered Owner by posting 
a cheque to the last address of the Registered Owner as listed in the Bond register or, if written 
instructions are given by the Registered Owner, by direct credit to the bank account specified by 
the Registered Owner.  
Bond certificate holders must present the physical certificate to the Fiscal Agent to receive 
payment. The Registered Owner will bear all expenses in connection with the replacement and 
delivery of a new Bond certificate, should one be required for any reason. However, the State of 
Israel will (except in cases where it has proof of delivery of the Bond certificate) issue a new Bond

--- Page 120 ---
- 108 - 
 
 
certificate to the Registered Owner for no cost where the Registered Owner has notified the State 
of Israel and the Fiscal Agent in writing that the Bond certificate was never delivered, no later than 
six months following the original Issue Date of the Bond. 
12. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal shall become void unless made within ten years of the appropriate Relevant 
Date.  Claims for interest shall become void unless made within five years of the appropriate 
Relevant Date. 
13. 
Fiscal Agent 
Computershare will act as the Fiscal Agent for the Bonds. The address for Computershare is 100 
University Avenue, 8th floor, Toronto, Ontario M5J 2Y1, Canada. Attention: State of Israel Bonds. 
The telephone number is +1 (416) 263 9200. 
14. 
Governing Law 
The Bonds will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New 
York. 
15. 
Jurisdiction; Waiver of Immunity; Consent to Service and Enforceability 
The State of Israel is a sovereign state. However, the State of Israel, in respect of the Bonds, agrees 
to irrevocably submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the federal court in the Southern District 
of New York or any state court in the City of New York or any competent court in Israel and 
irrevocably agrees not to claim immunity from any proceedings or from the execution of any 
judgement in connection with the terms of the Bonds (save as provided below or to the extent that 
the State of Israel is precluded by applicable laws to agree as aforesaid). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the State of Israel reserves the right to plead sovereign immunity 
under the United States Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act of 1976, as amended, with respect to 
actions brought against it under United States federal securities laws or any state securities laws, 
and the State of Israel's appointment of the Process Agent (as defined below) will not extend to 
such actions. Additionally, under the laws of the State of Israel, the funds, assets, rights and general 
property of the Issuer located in the State of Israel are immune from execution and attachment and 
any process in the nature thereof and the foregoing waiver shall not constitute a waiver of such 
immunity or of any immunity from execution or attachment or process in the nature thereof with 
respect to the premises of the Issuer's diplomatic missions in any jurisdiction outside the State of 
Israel or with respect to the assets of the Issuer necessary for the proper functioning of the Issuer 
as a sovereign power. 
The State of Israel has appointed the Chief Legal Officer and Head of Israel Economic Mission -  
Western Hemisphere of the Ministry of Finance of the Government of Israel in New York, New 
York, whose address is 800 Second Avenue, 17th Floor, New York, New York 10017, United 
States of America, as its authorised agent upon whom process may be served (the "Process 
Agent"). This appointment is limited to any action arising out of or based on the Bonds that the 
Registered Owner of any Bonds may institute in any federal court in the Southern District of New 
York or any state court in the City of New York. Such appointment will be irrevocable until the 
State of Israel pays all amounts due or to become due on or in respect of all the Bonds issuable 
under the Fiscal Agency Agreement. If for any reason the Process Agent ceases to be able to act 
as the State of Israel's authorised agent or no longer has an address in New York, the State of Israel 
will appoint another person in New York as its authorised agent upon whom process may be served.  
The Chief Legal Officer and Head of Israel Economic Mission for the Western Hemisphere, in its 
capacity as Process Agent, is not the agent for service for actions under the United States federal 
securities laws or state securities laws and the State of Israel's waiver of immunity does not extend 
to such actions.

--- Page 121 ---
- 109 - 
 
 
APPENDIX C. THE PROMOTERS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
This section sets out a description of the Promoters.

--- Page 122 ---
- 110 - 
 
 
THE PROMOTERS 
Development Company for Israel (International) Limited has been appointed a promoter of the various 
Bonds to which this Information Memorandum relates, in the United Kingdom and to any non-United 
Kingdom resident purchaser with whom any such transaction is lawful in accordance with the laws of the 
United Kingdom and of the jurisdiction of the purchaser's residence.   
Development Company for Israel (International) Limited was incorporated in England in 1979 for the sole 
purpose of acting as an intermediary between investors and the State of Israel by arranging investments in 
bonds issued from time to time by the State of Israel. Development Company for Israel (International) 
Limited carries on no other business than the promotion and distribution of the Bonds, and is authorised 
and regulated by the FCA. Development Company for Israel (International) Limited does not provide 
advice to any person on the merits of purchasing Bonds, and no part of this Information Memorandum 
should be construed as advice to any person on the merits of such a purchase.  Development Company for 
Israel (International) Limited contracts with each purchaser of Bonds through its Terms of Business, and 
classifies all such purchasers as its retail clients for the purposes of the FCA Rules. 
Development Company for Israel (Europe) GmbH has been appointed a promoter of the various Bonds to 
which this Information Memorandum relates, in Austria, Belgium, France, Germany, Ireland, Spain and 
the Netherlands and to any purchaser resident outside of these jurisdictions with whom any such transaction 
is lawful in accordance with the laws of Germany and of the jurisdiction of the purchaser's residence.   
Development Company for Israel (Europe) GmbH was incorporated in Germany in 2019 for the sole 
purpose of acting as an intermediary between investors and the State of Israel by arranging investments in 
bonds issued from time to time by the State of Israel. Development Company for Israel (Europe) GmbH 
carries on no other business than the promotion and distribution of the Bonds, and is authorised and 
regulated by the Federal Financial Supervisory Authority of Germany. Development Company for Israel 
(Europe) GmbH does not provide advice to any person on the merits of purchasing Bonds, and no part of 
this Information Memorandum should be construed as advice to any person on the merits of such a 
purchase.  Development Company for Israel (Europe) GmbH contracts with each purchaser of Bonds 
through its Terms of Business.  
The Promoters have not separately verified the information contained in this Information Memorandum nor 
do they make any representation, express or implied, or accept any responsibility, with respect to the 
accuracy or completeness of any of the information in this Information Memorandum. The Promoters do 
not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the arrangements 
contemplated by this Information Memorandum nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the 
Bonds of any information coming to the attention of the Promoters. 
Each Promoter does not in any way underwrite or guarantee the Bonds which it distributes. 
For the Promoters' services of promoting and arranging subscriptions for the Bonds, each Promoter (either 
directly or through a group company) receives a concession and/or consulting fee from the State of Israel 
at a rate to be determined from time to time by the State of Israel and the Promoters.  
Any new information with respect to either of the Promoters which is, in the view of the relevant Promoter, 
relevant to Investors in Bonds issued under this Programme and which is unknown at the time of the 
approval of this Information Memorandum or the filing of any Final Terms, as the case may be, will be 
published on the Promoters' website: www.israelbondsintl.com.

--- Page 123 ---
- 111 - 
 
 
 
ISSUER 
The State of Israel 
Ministry of Finance 
800 Second Avenue, 17th Floor 
New York, New York 10017 
United States of America 
Attention: Consul and Chief Legal Officer and Head of Israel Economic Mission - Western Hemisphere 
Telephone: +1 (646) 779-6811 
Fax: +1 (646) 779 6815 
 
FISCAL AGENT 
Computershare Trust Company of Canada 
100 University Avenue, 8th floor 
Toronto 
Ontario M5J 2Y1 
Canada 
Attention: State of Israel Bonds 
Telephone: +1 416 263 9200 
PROMOTERS 
Development Company for Israel 
(International) Limited 
Platinum House 
Gabriel Mews, Crewys Road 
London NW2 2GD 
United Kingdom 
Telephone: +44 (0)20 3936 2712 
Email: infoEN@israelbondsintl.com 
Website: www.israelbondsintl.com 
Development Company for Israel (Europe) 
GmbH 
Hebelstrasse 6 
60318 Frankfurt/Main 
Germany  
 
Telephone: +49 69 490470 
Email: infoDE@israelbondsintl.com 
Website: www.israelbondsintl.com 
 
Paris office: 
7 Place Vendôme 
75001 Paris 
France 
 
Telephone: +33 1 42 85 85 50  
Email: infoFR@israelbondsintl.com 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom

--- Page 124 ---
- 112 - 
 
 
OFFERING MEMORANDUM FOR EXEMPT BONDS 
Pages 112 to 139 (inclusive) of this document comprise an offering memorandum (the "Offering 
Memorandum"). The Offering Memorandum has been prepared by the Issuer in connection with the 
issuance of bonds under the Programme for which no prospectus is required to be published under the 
Prospectus Regulation (the "Exempt Bonds").   
The Offering Memorandum has not been reviewed or approved by the CBI and does not constitute a 
prospectus for the purpose of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Offering Memorandum is a financial promotion for the purposes of Section 21 of the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000.  It has been issued by the State of Israel and its content has been approved by 
Development Company for Israel (International) Limited and Development Company for Israel (Europe) 
GmbH. 
The Offering Memorandum is to be read in conjunction with the following sections of the Information 
Memorandum, which shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference herein: 
• 
"Important Notices", apart from the sub-section "Supplements" 
• 
Section 1 (Risk Factors) 
• 
Section 2 (Information about the Programme and the Bonds) 
• 
Section 3 (How the Return on your Investment is Calculated) 
• 
Section 4 (Information Incorporated by Reference) 
• 
Section 5 (Subscription and Sale) 
• 
Section 6 (Taxation) 
• 
Section 8 (Use of Proceeds) 
• 
Section 11 (Additional Information) 
• 
Appendix A (Defined Terms) 
• 
Appendix C (The Promoters) 
Terms defined in the Information Memorandum shall have the same meaning when used herein provided 
that the sections of the Information Memorandum incorporated by reference herein shall be amended as 
follows for the purposes of this Offering Memorandum: 
1. 
All references to the "Information Memorandum" shall be deemed to be references to this Offering 
Memorandum. 
2. 
All references to the "Bonds" shall be deemed to be references to the Exempt Bonds. 
3. 
All references to the "Conditions" shall be deemed to be references to the "Conditions of the 
Exempt Bonds" set out herein. 
4. 
All references to the "Final Terms" shall be deemed to be references to the Pricing Supplement (as 
defined herein) and each reference to information being specified or identified in the applicable 
Final Terms shall be deemed to be a reference to such information being specified or identified in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement unless the context requires otherwise. 
5. 
All references to Public Offers shall be disregarded, as no Public Offer of any Exempt Bond will 
be made. 
6. 
For the purposes of the "Information Incorporated by Reference", the section headed "Conditions 
of the Exempt Bonds" set out on pages 112 to 127 (inclusive) of the offering memorandum relating

--- Page 125 ---
- 113 - 
 
 
to the Programme dated January 4, 2021 shall be incorporated in this Offering Memorandum, rather 
than the section headed "Conditions of the Bonds" set out on pages 76 to 100 (inclusive) of the 
information memorandum relating to the Programme dated January 4, 2021. 
All supplements to the Information Memorandum are incorporated by reference into this Offering 
Memorandum. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Offering Memorandum. To the best 
of the knowledge and belief of the Issuer (which has taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the 
case), the information contained in this Offering Memorandum is in accordance with the facts and does not 
omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
The "Conditions of the Exempt Bonds" set out herein apply to Exempt Bonds issued under the Programme 
on or after September 1, 2021 provided, however, that the terms and conditions set out in the offering 
memorandum relating to the Programme dated January 4, 2021 will apply to any Exempt Bonds which 
were offered for sale before September 1, 2021 (notwithstanding that such Exempt Bonds may be issued 
on or after September 1, 2021).

--- Page 126 ---
- 114 - 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME AND THE EXEMPT BONDS 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of 
this Offering Memorandum (including the information incorporated by reference herein) and, in relation 
to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Exempt Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Words and expressions defined in "Conditions of the Exempt Bonds" shall have the same meanings in this 
overview. 
Issuer: 
State of Israel. 
Issuer legal entity identifier 
("LEI") 
213800T8ZHTFZIBYPE21 
Programme: 
Bond Issuance Programme.   
Programme Amount: 
Unlimited.   
Promoters: 
Development Company for Israel (International) Limited and 
Development Company for Israel (Europe) GmbH. 
Fiscal Agent: 
Computershare Trust Company of Canada. 
Exempt Bonds: 
The Exempt Bonds are debt instruments issued by the Issuer.  
Exempt Bonds may be U.S. Dollar Floating Rate LIBOR Financing 
Bonds, U.S. Dollar Jubilee Fixed Rate Financing Bonds or U.S. 
Dollar Reinvestment Savings Bonds. 
See the chart on pages 117 to 119 below for further details regarding 
the features of these types of Exempt Bonds. 
Currencies: 
United States Dollars. 
When purchasing an Exempt Bond, investors may tender funds in 
Euro, British Pounds Sterling or United States Dollars. See 
"Conditions of the Exempt Bonds ― Purchase of Bonds". 
Issue Date: 
15th of the month (for Exempt Bonds offered from the 1st of the 
month through the 14th of the month) or 1st of the month (for 
Exempt Bonds offered from the 15th of the month preceding the 
Issue Date through the last day of that month). 
Maturity Dates: 
Exempt Bonds will mature on the first calendar day of the month 
during which the first (1st), second (2nd), third (3rd), fifth (5th), 
tenth (10th) or fifteenth (15th) anniversary, as the case may be, of 
the Issue Date of the relevant Exempt Bond occurs.  No Exempt 
Bonds with a maturity of less than 1 year will be issued. 
Interest: 
The Exempt Bonds will accrue interest from (and including) the 
Issue Date until (but not including) the maturity date. 
Interest may be paid on an annual or semi-annual basis, or may be 
only paid on the maturity date of the relevant Exempt Bond, as the 
case may be. 
Details of performance of LIBOR rates can be obtained from 
https://www.theice.com/iba/historical-data.

--- Page 127 ---
- 115 - 
 
 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain risks relating to the Exempt Bonds, which investors 
should ensure they fully understand before purchasing any Exempt 
Bond. See "Risk Factors" in the Information Memorandum. 
Form of Exempt Bonds: 
The Exempt Bonds are issued in book-entry form, which means that 
ownership of the Exempt Bonds will be recorded electronically by 
Computershare Trust Company of Canada, the institution appointed 
by the Issuer to act as its fiscal agent. Certificates will be issued only 
to government agencies, pension funds, financial institutions and 
employee benefit plans that so request at the time of purchase. 
Transfer of Exempt Bonds: 
Exempt Bonds may be assigned or transferred in the instances 
specified 
under 
"Conditions 
of 
the 
Exempt 
Bonds 
― 
Transferability". 
Redemption: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, 
Exempt Bonds will be redeemed on their Maturity Date at par.  
Early Redemption: 
The State of Israel is entitled to redeem or repurchase any issued 
Exempt Bonds in whole or in part at any time. See "Conditions of 
the Exempt Bonds ― Early Redemption― At the Option of the State 
of Israel". 
Redemption at the request of a Bond holder is not possible, except 
upon the death of the last surviving natural person who owned the 
Exempt Bond or upon the termination of an employee benefit 
scheme in accordance with the Conditions.  See "Conditions of the 
Exempt Bonds ― Early Redemption ― At the Request of a Bond 
holder". 
The State of Israel has reserved the right to repurchase the Exempt 
Bonds in whole or in part, at any time, at such terms and under such 
conditions as may be determined by the State of Israel. See 
"Conditions of the Exempt Bonds ― Early Redemption ― 
Repurchase by the State of Israel Under Other Terms and 
Conditions". 
Listing: 
No application has been or will be made for the Exempt Bonds to be 
admitted to trading on any exchange, market or other trading 
platform. 
Taxation: 
Interest and principal sums due under the Exempt Bonds will be paid 
by the State of Israel without deduction for or on account of any 
present or future taxes or duties imposed or levied by or within the 
State of Israel (other than where the Bond holder is subject to such 
taxes or duties for a reason other than the holding or ownership of 
the Exempt Bond or the receipt of income therefrom). 
For a discussion of tax consequences associated with the Exempt 
Bonds, see "Taxation" in the Information Memorandum. Investors 
should consult their own tax advisers in determining the tax 
consequences to them of the purchase, ownership and disposition of 
the Exempt Bonds. 
Governing Law: 
The Exempt Bonds will be governed by the laws of the State of New 
York. 
Selling Restrictions: 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries 
of Exempt Bonds and on the distribution of offering material in the 
United States of America, the EEA, the United Kingdom, Japan and

--- Page 128 ---
- 116 - 
 
 
Belgium see "Subscription and Sale" in the Information 
Memorandum. 
Application for Exempt 
Bonds: 
Application for Exempt Bonds should be made by completing an 
Investment Form. Investors will also be required to sign the 
Promoters' Terms of Business, complete a Client Information Form 
and provide satisfactory evidence of their identity for the Promoters' 
anti-money laundering checks and provide any additional 
information required by local law in the jurisdiction of subscription. 
Copies of the Terms of Business and Client Information Form are 
available on the Promoters' website or by contacting the Promoters 
directly. The State of Israel is not obliged to accept your subscription 
documents.  See "Conditions of the Exempt Bonds ― Purchase of 
Bonds". 
If the State of Israel does not accept your application to purchase 
Exempt Bonds, any payment made by you in connection with such 
purchase will be refunded within 21 Business Days after the date of 
rejection of the subscription application and you shall not be entitled 
to any interest or other compensation in respect of such refunded 
payment. 
Unless an application to purchase Exempt Bonds is not accepted by 
the State of Israel, a prospective Bond holder will be allotted 100% 
of the Exempt Bonds applied for.  The Fiscal Agent will post a 
confirmation of the allotment of Exempt Bonds to the prospective 
Bond holder within 7 Business Days (being a day other than a 
Saturday, Sunday or other day on which the Fiscal Agent is 
authorised or required by law to be closed in Toronto, Ontario, 
Canada or in London) of the day on which the purchase is completed. 
Limitation on purchases of 
Exempt Bonds:  
U.S. Dollar Reinvestment Savings Bonds are only available to 
investors who are reinvesting the proceeds of other U.S. Dollar State 
of Israel bonds that have matured or will mature on or prior to the 
Issue Date of the U.S. Dollar Reinvestment Savings Bonds to be 
purchased (and the proceeds of which have not already been 
reinvested).  
U.S. Dollar Jubilee Fixed Rate Financing Bonds and U.S. Dollar 
Floating Rate LIBOR Financing Bonds may only be purchased if 
financed by an Authorised Institutional Lender. 
See "Conditions of the Exempt Bonds ― Purchase of Bonds".

--- Page 129 ---
- 117 - 
 
 
Type of Exempt 
Bond: 
Currency: 
Maturity: 
Minimum purchase 
amount: 
Interest: 
Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
Sales Period(s): 
U.S. Dollar 
Floating Rate 
LIBOR 
Financing Bonds  
United States 
Dollars 
2-Year 
3-Year  
U.S.$100,000 (and 
integral multiples of 
U.S.$25,000 in excess 
of U.S.$100,000 (or 
such other integral 
multiples specified in 
the applicable Pricing 
Supplement)) 
Variable floating rate 
equal to the Applicable 
LIBOR Rate for the 
interest period plus the 
applicable Spread. 
June 1st and December 
1st in each year and 
upon maturity, except 
that for U.S. Dollar 
Floating Rate LIBOR 
Financing Bonds 
issued on May 15th 
and November 15th in 
each year, the first 
interest payment will 
be on the second 
Interest Payment Date 
following their Issue 
Date. 
Two sales periods per 
month: U.S. Dollar 
Floating Rate LIBOR 
Financing Bonds 
issued on the 15th of 
the month will be 
offered from the 1st of 
the month through the 
14th of the month; and 
U.S. Dollar Floating 
Rate LIBOR Financing 
Bonds issued on the 
1st of the month will 
be offered from the 
15th of the month 
preceding the Issue 
Date through the last 
day of that month. 
U.S. Dollar 
Jubilee Fixed 
Rate Financing 
Bonds 
United States 
Dollars 
1-Year 
2-Year 
3-Year  
5-Year  
10-Year 
15-Year 
U.S.$100,000 (and 
integral multiples of 
U.S.$25,000 in excess 
of U.S.$100,000 (or 
such other integral 
multiples specified in 
the applicable Pricing 
Supplement)) 
Fixed percentage per 
annum. 
May 1st and November 
1st in each year and 
upon maturity, except 
that for U.S. Dollar 
Jubilee Fixed Rate 
Financing Bonds 
issued on April 15th 
and October 15th in 
each year, the first 
interest payment will 
be on the second 
Interest Payment Date 
Two sales periods per 
month: U.S. Dollar 
Jubilee Fixed Rate 
Financing Bonds 
issued on the 15th of 
the month will be 
offered from the 1st of 
the month through the 
14th of the month; and 
U.S. Dollar Jubilee 
Fixed Rate Financing 
Bonds issued on the 
1st of the month will

--- Page 130 ---
- 118 - 
 
 
Type of Exempt 
Bond: 
Currency: 
Maturity: 
Minimum purchase 
amount: 
Interest: 
Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
Sales Period(s): 
following their Issue 
Date. 
be offered from the 
15th of the month 
preceding the Issue 
Date through the last 
day of that month. 
U.S. Dollar 
Reinvestment 
Savings Bonds  
United States 
Dollars 
1-Year 
2-Year 
3-Year  
5-Year  
10-Year 
No minimum purchase 
amount 
Fixed percentage per 
annum. 
Interest will only be 
paid at maturity. 
Two sales periods per 
month: U.S. Dollar 
Reinvestment Savings 
Bonds will be issued 
on the 1st and the 15th 
of the month.  If the 
maturity date of the 
Matured Bonds being 
reinvested falls: 
• 
on the 1st of the 
month, the Issue 
Date of the U.S. 
Dollar 
Reinvestment 
Savings Bonds 
will be the same 
day (the 1st of that 
month); 
• 
between the 2nd 
and 14th of the 
month, the Issue 
Date of the U.S. 
Dollar 
Reinvestment

--- Page 131 ---
- 119 - 
 
 
Type of Exempt 
Bond: 
Currency: 
Maturity: 
Minimum purchase 
amount: 
Interest: 
Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
Sales Period(s): 
Savings Bonds 
will be the 15th of 
that month; and 
• 
between the 15th 
and the end of the 
month, the Issue 
Date of the U.S. 
Dollar 
Reinvestment 
Savings Bonds 
will be the 1st of 
the following 
month.

--- Page 132 ---
- 120 - 
 
 
CONDITIONS OF THE EXEMPT BONDS  
The following are the terms and conditions (the "Conditions") of the bonds described under Condition 2 
below (the "Bonds") issued by State of Israel (the "Issuer" or the "State of Israel") under its Bond Issuance 
Programme (the "Programme").   
These Conditions apply to Exempt Bonds issued under the Programme on or after September 1, 2021 
provided, however, that the terms and conditions set out in the offering memorandum relating to the 
Programme dated January 4, 2021 will apply to any Bonds which were offered for sale before September 
1, 2021 (notwithstanding that such Bonds may be issued on or after September 1, 2021). 
Each Tranche of Bonds will be issued on the terms set out in these Conditions, as completed, modified 
and/or amended by a document called a pricing supplement (the "Pricing Supplement"). 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Bonds which are identical in all respects and "Series" means a Tranche 
of Bonds together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Bonds which are identical in all respects except 
for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates and/or Maturity Dates. 
Copies of the applicable Pricing Supplement are available for viewing at and copies may be obtained from 
the website of Development Company for Israel (International) Limited and Development Company for 
Israel (Europe) GmbH (each a “Promoter” and together, the "Promoters") at www.israelbondsintl.com.  
Bond holders are deemed to have notice of the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
1. 
Defined Terms 
The following terms are used in these Conditions: 
"Authorised Institutional 
Lender" 
an entity primarily engaged in the business of making secured 
loans to institutional and non-institutional borrowers, 
authorised in writing by the State of Israel to accept bonds as 
collateral security. 
"Business Day" 
a day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which the 
Fiscal Agent is authorised or required by law to be closed in 
Toronto, Ontario, Canada or in London. 
"Calculation Agent" 
the agent appointed by the State of Israel to act in such 
capacity. 
"Computershare" or the 
"Fiscal Agent" 
Computershare Trust Company of Canada. 
"Fiscal Agency Agreement" 
the amended and restated fiscal agency agreement between the 
Issuer and the Fiscal Agent dated December 24, 2013 (as 
supplemented, amended, otherwise modified or replaced from 
time to time). 
"Interest Payment Date" 
in relation to a given Bond, the date (or dates or series of dates) 
on which the State of Israel will pay interest under the terms 
of that Bond to the Registered Owner (as specified in the 
relevant Pricing Supplement). 
"Investment Form" 
the form published by the Promoters for provision of relevant 
subscription and other information by persons seeking to 
purchase Bonds. 
"Issue Date" 
in relation to a given Bond, the date on which it is issued by 
the State of Israel (as specified in the relevant Pricing 
Supplement).

--- Page 133 ---
- 121 - 
 
 
"LIBOR" 
the interest rate benchmark known as the London interbank 
offered rate. 
"Matured Bonds" 
United States Dollar State of Israel bonds that have matured or 
will mature prior to or, as described in Condition 2.3 below, 
on, the Issue Date of U.S. Dollar Reinvestment Savings Bonds 
purchased by an investor, the proceeds of which are to be 
reinvested in such purchase of U.S. Dollar Reinvestment 
Savings Bonds. 
"Rate Sheet" 
the rate sheet for a given Bond (if any), as made available from 
time to time by the Promoters, in which details of the rate(s) of 
interest for that Bond (among other details) are stated. 
"Rate-Setting Day" 
any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which 
banks are authorised or required by law to be closed in New 
York, London or Toronto. 
"Reference Bank" 
a major bank operating in the Eurozone interbank market (in 
the case of EURIBOR) or, as the case may be, London 
interbank market (in the case of LIBOR). 
"Relevant Date" 
the date on which a payment of principal and/or interest first 
becomes due, except that, if the full amount of the monies 
payable has not been duly received by the Fiscal Agent on or 
prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full 
amount of the relevant monies having been so received (or, if 
such date is not a Business Day, the next day which is a 
Business Day), such payment is made to the Bond holders. 
"Relevant Quotation 
System" 
Bloomberg or any successor thereto, or such other recognised 
quotation system as may be designated by the State of Israel 
from time to time. 
"Registered Owner" 
the person (or group of persons jointly) whom the Fiscal Agent 
is asked by the purchaser of a Bond to register as the person(s) 
legally entitled to that Bond. 
"U.S. Dollar Floating Rate 
LIBOR Financing Bonds" 
financing Bonds which have a floating interest rate calculated 
on the basis of LIBOR (as specified in the relevant Pricing 
Supplement). 
"U.S. Dollar Jubilee Fixed 
Rate Financing Bonds" 
Bonds which are U.S. Dollar Jubilee Fixed Rate Financing 
Bonds (as specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement). 
"U.S. Dollar Reinvestment 
Savings Bonds" 
Bonds which are U.S. Dollar Reinvestment Savings Bonds (as 
specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement). 
"Specified Currency" 
in relation to a given Bond, the currency of that Bond (as 
specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement). 
"UK Registered Pension 
Scheme" 
has the definition given in section 150(2) of the Finance Act 
2004. 
"U.S. Dollars", "United 
States Dollars", "U.S. 
dollars" or "U.S.$" 
the currency of the United States of America. 
2. 
Type of Bonds

--- Page 134 ---
- 122 - 
 
 
Bonds issued under the Programme may be U.S. Dollar Floating Rate LIBOR Financing Bonds, 
U.S. Dollar Jubilee Fixed Rate Financing Bonds or U.S. Dollar Reinvestment Savings Bonds. 
2.1 
The U.S. Dollar Floating Rate LIBOR Financing Bonds 
The minimum purchase amount of the U.S. Dollar Floating Rate LIBOR Financing Bonds is 
U.S.$100,000.  U.S. Dollar Floating Rate LIBOR Financing Bonds may be purchased in integral 
multiples of U.S.$25,000 in excess of U.S.$100,000 (or in such other integral multiples specified 
in the applicable Pricing Supplement). 
Each State of Israel 2-Year U.S. Dollar Floating Rate LIBOR Financing Bond and 3-Year U.S. 
Dollar Floating Rate LIBOR Financing Bond will mature on the first calendar day of the month 
during which the second (2nd) or third (3rd) anniversary, as the case may be, of the Issue Date of 
the relevant Bond shall fall.   
Issue Dates for U.S. Dollar Floating Rate LIBOR Financing Bonds will be the 1st and 15th of the 
month. If your Issue Date is the 15th of the month, your U.S. Dollar Floating Rate LIBOR 
Financing Bond will mature two weeks earlier than the total number of years of the Bond. There 
will be two sales periods per month: 
• 
Bonds issued on the 15th of the month will be offered from the 1st of the month through 
the 14th of the month; and  
• 
Bonds issued on the 1st of the month will be offered from the 15th of the month preceding 
the Issue Date through the last day of that month. 
Interest will accrue from (and including) the Issue Date up to (but not including) the maturity date 
of the U.S. Dollar Floating Rate LIBOR Financing Bond. 
Interest Payment Dates for the U.S. Dollar Floating Rate LIBOR Financing Bonds, on which 
interest will be paid semi-annually in arrear, are June 1st and December 1st in each year and upon 
maturity, except that for U.S. Dollar Floating Rate LIBOR Financing Bonds issued on May 15th 
and November 15th in each year, the first interest payment will be on the second Interest Payment 
Date following their Issue Date. 
The initial interest rate of each U.S. Dollar Floating Rate LIBOR Financing Bond is equal to the 
six month LIBOR (or, if LIBOR is discontinued, such other interest rate as may be selected by the 
Calculation Agent as further described below) in effect three Rate-Setting Days prior to the first 
day of the sales period of such Bond, as it appears on the Relevant Quotation System, rounded 
upwards to the next one-sixteenth (1/16) of one percent, if the quoted interest rate is not equivalent 
to one-sixteenth (1/16) of one percent (the "Applicable LIBOR Rate"), plus or minus a fixed 
number of basis points determined by the State of Israel (the "Spread").  
The Spread of each U.S. Dollar Floating Rate LIBOR Financing Bond shall remain fixed until 
maturity. After the initial interest period, the interest rate will be adjusted semi-annually in 
accordance with the Applicable LIBOR Rate in effect on subsequent interest determination dates, 
which will be three Rate-Setting Days prior to June 1st and December 1st of each year.  
In no event will the interest rate payable on the U.S. Dollar Floating Rate LIBOR Financing Bonds 
be less than 0% per year.  If LIBOR changes during an interest period, this will not affect the rate 
of interest for that period. The rate of interest may vary (both upwards and downwards) from 
interest period to interest period as LIBOR changes. If LIBOR is discontinued, the Calculation 
Agent may select another interest rate, as further described below. 
The Spread and the initial interest rate applicable to each U.S. Dollar Floating Rate LIBOR 
Financing Bond will be determined by the State of Israel and specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement and published in the relevant Rate Sheet and on the Promoters' website not less than 
one Business Day prior to the first day of the sales period of such Bond. Subsequent interest rates 
applicable to each U.S. Dollar Floating Rate LIBOR Financing Bond will be announced by the 
State of Israel one Business Day prior to June 1st or December 1st in each year.

--- Page 135 ---
- 123 - 
 
 
See Condition 10.2 below for details of restrictions on investments in U.S. Dollar Floating Rate 
LIBOR Financing Bonds. 
2.2 
The U.S. Dollar Jubilee Fixed Rate Financing Bonds  
The minimum purchase amount of the U.S. Dollar Jubilee Fixed Rate Financing Bonds is 
U.S.$100,000.  U.S. Dollar Jubilee Fixed Rate Financing Bonds may be purchased in integral 
multiples of U.S.$25,000 in excess of U.S.$100,000 (or in such other integral multiples specified 
in the applicable Pricing Supplement). 
Each State of Israel 1-Year U.S. Dollar Jubilee Fixed Rate Financing Bond, 2-Year U.S. Dollar 
Jubilee Fixed Rate Financing Bond, 3-Year U.S. Dollar Jubilee Fixed Rate Financing Bond, 5-
Year U.S. Dollar Jubilee Fixed Rate Financing Bond, 10-Year U.S. Dollar Jubilee Fixed Rate 
Financing Bond and 15-Year U.S. Dollar Jubilee Fixed Rate Financing Bond will mature on the 
first calendar day of the month during which the first (1st), second (2nd), third (3rd), fifth (5th), 
tenth (10th) or fifteenth (15th) anniversary, as the case may be, of the Issue Date of the relevant 
Bond shall fall.  
Issue Dates for U.S. Dollar Jubilee Fixed Rate Financing Bonds will be the 1st and 15th of the 
month. If your Issue Date is the 15th of the month, your U.S. Dollar Jubilee Fixed Rate Financing 
Bond will mature two weeks earlier than the total number of years of the Bond. There will be two 
sales periods per month: 
• 
Bonds issued on the 15th of the month will be offered from the 1st of the month through 
the 14th of the month; and  
• 
Bonds issued on the 1st of the month will be offered from the 15th of the month preceding 
the Issue Date through the last day of that month. 
Interest will accrue from (and including) the Issue Date of the U.S. Dollar Jubilee Fixed Rate 
Financing Bond up to (but not including) the maturity date. Except in the cases described in this 
Offering Memorandum, interest will be paid every May 1st, November 1st and upon maturity of 
the U.S. Dollar Jubilee Fixed Rate Financing Bond. 
Interest Payment Dates for the U.S. Dollar Jubilee Fixed Rate Financing Bonds, on which interest 
will be paid semi-annually in arrear, are May 1st and November 1st in each year and upon maturity, 
except that for U.S. Dollar Jubilee Fixed Rate Financing Bonds issued on April 15th and October 
15th in each year, the first interest payment will be on the second Interest Payment Date following 
their Issue Date. 
The interest rate applicable to each U.S. Dollar Jubilee Fixed Rate Financing Bond shall be a fixed 
percentage per annum to be determined prior to the issue of the relevant Bond.  The applicable 
interest rate will be announced one Business Day prior to the first day of the sales period for such 
Bond and will be specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the applicable Rate Sheet and on 
the Promoters' website. 
See Condition 10.2 below for details of restrictions on investments in U.S. Dollar Jubilee Fixed 
Rate Financing Bonds. 
2.3 
The U.S. Dollar Reinvestment Savings Bonds 
The U.S. Dollar Reinvestment Savings Bonds have no minimum purchase amount. 
Each State of Israel 1-Year U.S. Dollar Reinvestment Savings Bond, 2-Year U.S. Dollar 
Reinvestment Savings Bond, 3-Year U.S. Dollar Reinvestment Savings Bond, 5-Year U.S. Dollar 
Reinvestment Savings Bond and 10-Year U.S. Dollar Reinvestment Savings Bond will mature on 
the first calendar day of the month during which the first (1st), second (2nd), third (3rd), fifth (5th) 
or tenth (10th) anniversary, as the case may be, of the Issue Date of the relevant Bond shall fall.  
U.S. Dollar Reinvestment Savings Bonds are available only to investors who are reinvesting the 
proceeds of Matured Bonds (and the proceeds of which have not already been reinvested). Only 
the proceeds of Matured Bonds may be reinvested in the U.S. Dollar Reinvestment Savings Bonds,

--- Page 136 ---
- 124 - 
 
 
and investors may not add to such reinvested proceeds to purchase a greater amount of these Bonds.  
See Condition 10.4 below for further details about purchasing U.S. Dollar Reinvestment Savings 
Bonds. 
Issue Dates for U.S. Dollar Reinvestment Savings Bonds will be the 1st and 15th of the month. If 
your Issue Date is the 15th of the month, your U.S. Dollar Reinvestment Savings Bond will mature 
two weeks earlier than the total number of years of the Bond.  There will be two sales periods per 
month: 
• 
Bonds issued on the 15th of the month will be offered from the 1st of the month through 
the 14th of the month; and  
• 
Bonds issued on the 1st of the month will be offered from the 15th of the month preceding 
the Issue Date through the last day of that month. 
If the maturity date of the Matured Bonds being reinvested falls: 
• 
on the 1st of the month, the Issue Date of the U.S. Dollar Reinvestment Savings Bonds 
will be the same day (the 1st of that month); 
• 
between the 2nd and 14th of the month, the Issue Date of the U.S. Dollar Reinvestment 
Savings Bonds will be the 15th of that month; and 
• 
between the 15th and the end of the month, the Issue Date of the U.S. Dollar Reinvestment 
Savings Bonds will be the 1st of the following month. 
Interest will accrue from (and including) the Issue Date of the U.S. Dollar Reinvestment Savings 
Bond up to (but not including) the maturity date, but shall only be payable at maturity of the U.S. 
Dollar Reinvestment Savings Bond.  
The interest rate applicable to each U.S. Dollar Reinvestment Savings Bond shall be a fixed 
percentage per annum to be determined prior to the issue of the relevant Bond.  The applicable 
interest rate will be announced one Business Day prior to the sales period for such Bond and will 
be specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the applicable Rate Sheet and on the Promoters' 
website. 
3. 
Status of the Bonds 
The Bonds constitute and will constitute direct, general, unconditional and unsubordinated 
External Indebtedness of the State of Israel for which the full faith and credit of the State of Israel 
is pledged. The Bonds of each series rank and will rank without any preference among themselves 
and equally with all other unsubordinated External Indebtedness of the State of Israel. It is 
understood that this provision shall not be construed so as to require the State of Israel to make 
payments under the Bonds ratably with payments being made under any other External 
Indebtedness.  For the purposes of this Condition 3, "External Indebtedness" means any 
Indebtedness which is payable by its terms or at the option of its holder in any currency other than 
the currency of Israel and "Indebtedness" means all obligations of the Issuer in respect of 
borrowed money and guarantees given by the Issuer in respect of money borrowed by others. 
4. 
Early Redemption  
The Bonds are subject to early redemption and repurchase by the State of Israel as described in this 
Condition. Whether the Bonds are redeemed at the option of the State of Israel, or repurchased by 
the State of Israel at the request of the Bond holder or on such other terms and conditions as the 
State of Israel may determine, the State of Israel will redeem or repurchase Bonds for a purchase 
price equal to the principal amount of the Bond together with interest accrued to the redemption or 
repurchase date. If the redemption or repurchase price is not paid upon the surrender of any Bond, 
then such Bonds will continue to accrue interest at the rate prescribed for such Bonds through the 
maturity of the Bond. 
The State of Israel will not be required to issue or register the transfer or exchange of any Bond 
during the period beginning with the fifteenth (15th) Business Day prior to the date of the posting

--- Page 137 ---
- 125 - 
 
 
of a notice of redemption through the end of the date of the posting. The State of Israel will also 
not be required to register the transfer or exchange of any Bond selected for redemption in whole 
or in part, except for the unredeemed portion of the Bond being redeemed in part. 
4.1 
At the Request of a Bond holder 
A Bond may be repurchased by the State of Israel prior to its maturity, but only on the first Business 
Day of a given month, within sixty (60) days following the State of Israel's receipt of a Bond 
holder's written request accompanied by an instrument of transfer in a form approved by the Fiscal 
Agent, under the following circumstances, as applicable: 
• 
Upon the death of any natural person who was the original Registered Owner (or the last 
survivor of joint original Registered Owners); provided that such obligation of the State 
of Israel to redeem upon death shall cease and terminate and shall not apply when the 
Bond is owned by a transferee or assignee. 
• 
Upon the death of any natural person (or the dissolution of a testamentary trust following 
the death of such person) who owned such Bond through an individual personal pension 
plan. 
• 
Upon the termination of any employee benefit plan which is the Registered Owner. In 
such circumstances, evidence must be provided to the State of Israel that such employee 
benefit plan has been terminated and that the assets are to be liquidated to meet the plan's 
commitments. 
The three scenarios described above are subject to the caveat that the State of Israel may suspend 
or terminate its obligation to purchase such Bond if, in the opinion of the State of Israel, a material 
number of the affected original Registered Owners have died as a result of war, epidemic, 
catastrophe of nature or other disaster. 
Early redemption at the behest of Registered Owners is impossible in any other circumstances. 
4.2 
At the Option of the State of Israel 
The Bonds are subject to redemption at any time by the State of Israel. Any holding of Bonds is 
redeemable as a whole or in part. If the Bonds are redeemed in part, selection of the Bonds to be 
redeemed will be at the State of Israel's discretion; however, the Bonds will be redeemed in groups, 
such that each group of Bonds will consist of all Bonds of the same Tranche bearing the same Issue 
Date. Partial redemption can be made only on an Interest Payment Date. In addition, no Bonds of 
any Series can be redeemed at the option of the State of Israel unless the Bonds of such Series 
having a prior Issue Date are or have been called for redemption. For purposes of such redemption, 
the Bonds will be called in accordance with the provisions of the Fiscal Agency Agreement, and 
there will be no aggregation of different series or other debt instruments of the State of Israel. (For 
the avoidance of doubt, there will be no aggregation irrespective of any similarity in name, 
maturity, currency, denomination, integral terms and/or issue date between the Bonds offered 
hereby and any different series or other debt instruments of the State of Israel.) A notice of 
redemption will be posted to all affected Bond owners by the Fiscal Agent between thirty (30) and 
sixty (60) days prior to the intended redemption date. The notice will state: 
• 
the redemption date; 
• 
whether all Bonds or a group of Bonds are to be redeemed; 
• 
in the case of a redemption of a group of Bonds, a description of the group of Bonds that 
are to be redeemed; 
• 
the redemption price; 
• 
that on the redemption date no owner of Bonds called for redemption is entitled to more 
than the redemption price, and that the redemption price is due and payable on the 
redemption date; and

--- Page 138 ---
- 126 - 
 
 
• 
the place where the Bonds are to be redeemed. 
4.3 
Repurchase by the State of Israel Under Other Terms and Conditions 
In addition to a redemption or repurchase of the Bonds described under Conditions 4.1 and 4.2 
above, the State of Israel reserves the right to repurchase the Bonds in whole or in part, at any time, 
at such terms and under such conditions as may be determined by the State of Israel. Bonds so 
repurchased shall be purchased from Bond holders willing to sell such Bonds on the terms and 
conditions determined by the State of Israel in respect of such repurchase. Repurchased Bonds may 
be held or resold by the State of Israel or surrendered to the Fiscal Agent for cancellation in 
accordance with the Fiscal Agency Agreement. 
5. 
Event of Default 
If the State of Israel shall default in a payment of interest or of the principal sum of a Bond or of a 
portion thereof then any amount not so paid will bear interest at the rate applicable to the relevant 
Bond(s) plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Pricing Supplement) the relevant Spread. 
Interest shall be paid from and including the date of default until but not including the date of actual 
payment. If the default shall continue for a period of ninety (90) days then the Registered Owner 
will be entitled to give a written demand to the State of Israel requiring payment of the principal 
sum which will then become due and payable (together with unpaid accrued interest) on the date 
such written demand is actually received by the State of Israel unless the default shall have been 
cured by the State of Israel prior to such date. 
6. 
Additional Provisions relating to the Calculation of Interest 
6.1 
General 
Interest calculations in relation to the Bonds shall be performed by the Fiscal Agent, with the 
resulting figures rounded to the nearest unit of the specified currency of the relevant Bonds (with 
halves being rounded up) where required, and approved by the Issuer prior to any payments of 
interest.   
6.2 
Fallback Provisions for the Calculation of Floating Rate Interest 
6.2.1 
Other than upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Event as defined in Condition 6.2.2, 
below, if the Relevant Quotation System is not available, the Fiscal Agent shall use the 
most recently published offered quotation for deposits in the Specified Currency on such 
Relevant Quotation System to determine the rate of interest in respect of any floating rate 
Bonds for the applicable interest period, plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement) the relevant Spread.  
6.2.2  
Benchmark Discontinuation 
6.2.2.1 In respect of Bonds with a floating rate of interest, if a Benchmark Event occurs 
in relation to an Original Reference Rate at any time when these Conditions 
provide for any remaining rate of interest (or any component part thereof) to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall 
use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 6.2.2.2) and, in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread (in accordance with Condition 6.2.2.3) and any Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with Condition 6.2.2.4). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 6.2.2 shall act in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and (in the absence of bad 
faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, 
any other party specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement as being 
responsible for calculating the rate of interest or the Bondholders for any 
determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 6.2.2.

--- Page 139 ---
- 127 - 
 
 
6.2.2.2 If the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer), acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines that: 
(a) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate as adjusted by the 
applicable Adjustment Spread as provided in Condition 6.2.2.3 shall 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the relevant rate(s) of interest (or the relevant component 
part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the 
relevant Bonds (subject to the further operation of this Condition 
6.2.2); or 
(b) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then 
such Alternative Rate as adjusted by the applicable Adjustment Spread 
as provided in Condition 6.2.2.3 shall subsequently be used in place of 
the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant rate(s) of interest 
(or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future 
payments of interest on the relevant Bonds (subject to the further 
operation of this Condition 6.2.2). 
6.2.2.3 If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in accordance with 
Condition 6.2.2.2, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer), 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, shall determine 
an Adjustment Spread (which may be expressed as a specified quantum, or a 
formula or methodology for determining the applicable Adjustment Spread 
(and, for the avoidance of doubt, such an Adjustment Spread may be positive, 
negative or zero)), which Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent 
determination of a relevant rate of interest (or a relevant component part thereof) 
by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
6.2.2.4 If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 6.2.2 and 
the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer), acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines (A) that amendments to 
these Conditions and/or the Fiscal Agency Agreement (including, without 
limitation, amendments to the definitions of Day Count Fraction, Business Day 
or Relevant Screen Page) are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) Adjustment Spread  
(such amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (B) the terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof 
in accordance with Condition 6.2.2.5, without any requirement for the consent 
or approval of Bondholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such 
Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
At the request of the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable shall (at the expense of the Issuer), without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of Bondholders, be obliged to concur with the Issuer in 
effecting any Benchmark Amendments and the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable shall not be liable to any party for any consequences 
thereof, provided that the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
shall not be obliged so to concur if in the reasonable opinion of the Fiscal Agent 
or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, doing so would impose more onerous 
obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or 
liabilities or reduce rights and/or the protective provisions afforded to the Fiscal 
Agent in these Conditions or the Fiscal Agency Agreement in any way.

--- Page 140 ---
- 128 - 
 
 
6.2.2.5 The Issuer will notify the Fiscal Agent, any other party specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement as being responsible for calculating the rate of 
interest and the Bondholders promptly of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, 
Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments 
determined under this Condition 6.2.2. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
6.2.2.6 Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under the provisions of this 
Condition 6.2.2, the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions 
provided for in Condition 6.2.1 will continue to apply unless and until a 
Benchmark Event has occurred. 
6.2.2.7 If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the 
determination of the rate of interest on the relevant interest determination date, 
no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) or (in either case) 
applicable Adjustment Spread is determined and notified to the Fiscal Agent or 
any other party specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement as being 
responsible for calculating the rate of interest (as applicable), in each case 
pursuant to this Condition 6.2.2, prior to such interest determination date, then 
condition 6.2.3 shall apply. 
For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 6.2.2.7 shall apply to the 
determination of the rate of interest on the relevant interest determination date 
only, and the rate of interest applicable to any subsequent interest period(s) is 
subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 6.2.2. 
6.2.2.8 As used in this Condition 6.2:  
"Adjustment Spread" means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, 
negative or zero), or (b) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in 
either case which is to be applied to the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to 
the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate 
by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(b)  
in the case of an Alternative Rate or (where (A) above does not apply) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, the Independent Adviser determines 
(in consultation with the Issuer) is recognised or acknowledged as 
being in customary market usage in international debt capital markets 
transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such 
rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be); or 
(c) 
(if the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) determines 
that neither (A) nor (B) above applies) the Independent Adviser (in 
consultation with the Issuer) determines to be appropriate, having 
regard to the objective, so far as is reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, of reducing or eliminating any economic prejudice or 
benefit (as the case may be) to Bondholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative to the Original Reference Rate which 
the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) determines in 
accordance with Condition 6.2.2.2 has replaced the Original Reference Rate in

--- Page 141 ---
- 129 - 
 
 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the 
purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) for debt securities with a commensurate interest period and in the same 
Specified Currency as the Bonds, or if the Independent Adviser (in consultation 
with the Issuer) determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as the 
Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) determines in its sole 
discretion is most comparable to the Original Reference Rate; 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 6.2.2.4; 
"Benchmark Event" means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for at least five 
business days or ceasing to exist or be administered; or 
(b) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, 
cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has 
been appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference 
Rate) and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the specified date 
referred to in (b)(i); or 
(c) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has 
been permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original 
Reference Rate will, on or before a specified date, be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date falling six months prior to 
the specified date referred to in (d)(i); or 
(e) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that means the Original 
Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will 
be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case on or 
before a specified date and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the 
specified date referred to in (e)(i); or 
(f) 
it has or will prior to the next interest determination date become 
unlawful for the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, any other party specified in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement as being responsible for calculating 
the rate of interest or any Fiscal Agent to calculate any payments due 
to be made to any Bondholder using the Original Reference Rate; or 
(g) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of such Original Reference Rate announcing that such Original 
Reference Rate is no longer representative or may no longer be used; 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or an independent financial adviser with appropriate 
experience in the international debt capital markets appointed by the Issuer, at 
its own expense, under Condition 6.2.2.1; 
"Original Reference Rate" means, for U.S. Dollar Floating Rate LIBOR 
Financing Bonds, LIBOR (provided that if, following one or more Benchmark 
Events, such originally specified Reference Rate (or any Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate which has replaced it) has been replaced by a (or a further)

--- Page 142 ---
- 130 - 
 
 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and a Benchmark Event subsequently occurs 
in respect of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the term "Original 
Reference Rate" shall include any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate); 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the Original Reference Rate 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate; or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired 
by or constituted at the request of (i) the central bank for the currency 
to which the Original Reference Rate relates, (ii) any central bank or 
other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate, (iii) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (iv) 
the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating 
Body. 
 
6.2.3 
Unless, following a Benchmark Event the Calculation Agent determines an Alternative 
Rate or Successor Rate (in each case along with an Adjustment Spread) in accordance 
with Condition 6.2.2 prior to the relevant interest determination date, then the 
Calculation Agent, after consultation with the State of Israel, will select four major banks 
in the London interbank market and will request each of their principal London offices 
to provide a quotation of the rate at which six-month deposits in U.S. dollars in amounts 
of at least $1,000,000 are offered by it to prime banks in the London interbank market, 
on that date and at that time, that is representative of single transactions at that time. If 
at least two quotations are provided, then six-month LIBOR for the relevant interest 
period will be the arithmetic average (rounded upward if necessary to the nearest whole 
multiple of 0.00001%) of the quotations provided. Otherwise, the Calculation Agent will 
select three major banks in New York City and will request each of them to provide a 
quotation of the rate offered by it on the interest determination date for loans in U.S. 
dollars to leading European banks having an index maturity of six months for the 
applicable interest determination date in an amount of at least $1,000,000 that is 
representative of single transactions at that time. If three quotations are provided, then 
six-month LIBOR for the relevant interest determination date will be the arithmetic 
average (rounded upward if necessary to the nearest whole multiple of 0.00001%) of the 
quotations provided. Otherwise, the Calculation Agent, after consulting such sources as 
it deems comparable to any of the foregoing quotations or display page, or any such 
source as it deems reasonable from which to estimate six-month LIBOR or any of the 
foregoing lending rates, shall determine six-month LIBOR for the relevant interest 
determination date in its sole discretion. The Calculation Agent will instruct the Fiscal 
Agent as to the interest rate to apply, and the Fiscal Agent shall be entitled to rely on 
such instruction. 
Absent manifest error, the Calculation Agent's determination of the interest rate for an 
interest determination date for the Bonds will be binding and conclusive on the 
Bondholder, the Fiscal Agent and the State of Israel. In making the above determination, 
the Calculation Agent shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
The Calculation Agent has not yet been appointed; State of Israel may appoint itself or 
designate a third party as calculation agent. Where a Calculation Agent has been 
appointed following the discontinuation of an Original Reference Rate, the Fiscal 
Agent, on behalf of the State of Israel, shall notify the Bondholders in writing of (i) such 
appointment; (ii) the substitute or successor interest rate that the Calculation Agent

--- Page 143 ---
- 131 - 
 
 
determines will be applicable in accordance with the above; and (iii) any consequential 
amendments to these Conditions required in connection with the same.  
7. 
Interest and Principal Payment 
Interest shall accrue from (and including) the Issue Date of the Bond up to (but not including) the 
maturity date on the basis of a 365-day year and the number of days elapsed. The Bonds will not 
accrue interest after the maturity.  
All payments of principal and interest will be made in the Specified Currency.   
To the extent applicable, all interest payments shall be paid by cheque posted to the Registered 
Owner's address of record with the Fiscal Agent or credited to a bank account held by the 
Registered Owner, the details of which the Registered Owner has provided to the Promoters for 
such purposes. Interest payments made by bank transfer to a bank account in the United Kingdom 
or any EEA Member State (being a member state of the European Union which adopts or has 
adopted the Euro as its lawful currency in accordance with legislation of the European Union 
relating to Economic and Monetary Union) will be made by the Fiscal Agent, through a bank in 
the United Kingdom or that EEA Member State.  
On maturity of a book-entry Bond, the Fiscal Agent will pay the principal amount and accrued 
interest on the relevant Bond to the Registered Owner by posting a cheque to the last address of 
the Registered Owner notified to the Fiscal Agent or by a bank transfer into a bank account held 
by the Registered Owner.  
On maturity of a Bond that, in the exceptional circumstances detailed in these Conditions, is 
represented by a Bond certificate, the Fiscal Agent will pay the principal amount and accrued 
interest on the relevant Bond by posting a cheque to the last address of the Registered Owner 
notified to the Fiscal Agent or by a bank transfer in the same manner as for a book-entry Bond, but 
only against delivery of the Bond certificate to the Fiscal Agent for cancellation. 
If the due date for any payment of interest or principal is not a Business Day, then the relevant 
payment shall be made on the next day which is a Business Day but no additional interest will be 
payable as a result of such extension.  
8. 
Taxation 
Interest and principal sums due under the Bonds will be paid by the State of Israel without 
deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties imposed or levied by or within 
the State of Israel (other than where the Bond holder is subject to such taxes or duties for a reason 
other than the holding or ownership of the Bond or the receipt of income therefrom). 
9. 
Transferability 
9.1 
General 
Any person becoming entitled to a Bond as a result of a transfer, assignment or transmission 
pursuant to this Condition 9 may apply to be registered as the holder of such Bond, upon: (1) 
notifying the Fiscal Agent of a request to transfer or assign the Bond pursuant to Condition 9.2 
below or producing such evidence as reasonably requested by the Fiscal Agent to demonstrate 
entitlement by transmission pursuant to Condition 9.3 below and (2) notifying the Fiscal Agent in 
writing of the request to re-register the Bond along with appropriate transfer documents (and the 
Bond certificate if one was issued). 
Any Bond holder wishing to transfer or assign a Bond to "anyone designated by the State of Israel 
as a permitted transferee" pursuant to Condition 9.2.6 below should notify the Fiscal Agent in 
advance of making a request to re-register the Bond, provide such information on the contemplated 
transfer or assignment as may be required by the Fiscal Agent and/or the Issuer (including the 
amount of the Bond(s) to be transferred and the identity of the proposed transferee) and seek the 
Issuer's confirmation that it will consider such transferee as a permitted transferee.  Once such 
confirmation has been given, a request to re-register the Bond may then be made in accordance 
with the procedures set out at (1) and (2) in the above paragraph.

--- Page 144 ---
- 132 - 
 
 
A Bond holder should not contact the State of Israel directly in connection with any application to 
transfer or assign a Bond, or to designate a person as a permitted transferee of a Bond; all such 
applications and requests should be sent to the Fiscal Agent.  The State of Israel's confirmation of 
the designation of a transferee as a permitted transferee pursuant to Condition 9.2.6 will be given 
by the Fiscal Agent on the Issuer's behalf, following consultation with the Issuer, and the Issuer's 
consent to a transfer or assignment of a Bond pursuant to Condition 9.2 is deemed to be given upon 
registration of such Bond in the name of the new Bond holder(s) (absent error by the Fiscal Agent).   
9.2 
Transfer or assignment of Bonds  
The Issuer will consent to a transfer or assignment of a Bond only to the following permitted 
transferees, as applicable: 
9.2.1 
the State of Israel. If you donate your Bond to the State of Israel, the Bond (and any Bond 
payments to which you might be entitled) will be cancelled and the debt represented by 
the Bond and/or cheque will be deemed forgiven; 
9.2.2 
any religious, charitable, literary, scientific or educational organisation, contributions to 
which are, at the time of the transfer, deductible for income and similar tax purposes 
under the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (or are accorded 
similar treatment under the laws of the country in which the transferee is located), 
provided however that each such transfer is made by gift or bequest only, without any 
compensation to the transferor;  
9.2.3 
the Registered Owner's spouse, children, grandchildren, siblings, parents or grandparents; 
9.2.4 
a UK Registered Pension Scheme whose only members are the Registered Owner and (as 
applicable) the Registered Owner's spouse, children, grandchildren, siblings, parents 
and/or grandparents;  
9.2.5 
provided the transfer is made by the Registered Owner of the Bond and only at the time 
of purchase of the Bond, as collateral security to an Authorised Institutional Lender; or 
9.2.6 
anyone designated by the State of Israel as a permitted transferee. 
9.3 
Transfer upon death of a registered holder of Bonds or of any other event giving rise to the 
transmission of Bonds by operation of law 
In the case of death of a registered holder of Bonds or of any other event giving rise to the 
transmission of Bonds by operation of law, the only persons recognised by the State of Israel as 
having any right to such Bonds upon transmission are: 
9.3.1 
the personal representatives of a deceased registered holder's estate; or  
9.3.2 
the trustee in bankruptcy of a bankrupt registered holder; or 
9.3.3 
the trustee or administrator or other officially entitled person in relation to the estate of a 
registered holder who has been declared mentally incompetent by a court of competent 
jurisdiction; or 
9.3.4 
any person who can demonstrate that they have been appointed by a court of competent 
jurisdiction to represent the estate of a registered holder in any other applicable 
circumstances (including but not limited to cases where the Bonds are considered to be 
bona vacantia (i.e., property not disposed of by the deceased's will and to which no 
relative is entitled upon intestacy)). 
10. 
Purchase of Bonds 
10.1 
General 
Application for Bonds should be made by completing an Investment Form. Investors will also be 
required to sign the Promoters' Terms of Business, complete a Client Information Form and provide

--- Page 145 ---
- 133 - 
 
 
satisfactory evidence of their identity for the Promoters' anti-money laundering checks and provide 
any additional information required by local law in the jurisdiction of subscription. The Terms of 
Business and Client Information Form are available on the Promoters' website or copies may be 
obtained by contacting the Promoters directly.  
In order to purchase a Bond on a specific Issue Date, subject to Conditions 10.4 and 10.5 below, 
your subscription documents must be accepted by or on behalf of the State of Israel and cleared 
funds in respect of the full purchase price of such Bond must be received and accepted in the 
account of the Fiscal Agent before such Issue Date (or before such other date announced by the 
State of Israel).  Your application to purchase a Bond will be accepted only when (1) your properly 
completed subscription documents are received by the Promoters and (2) the full purchase price of 
such Bond is actually received by the Fiscal Agent prior to the Issue Date. 
If your subscription documents are accepted by or on behalf of the State of Israel and/or clear funds 
are accepted or received in the account of the Fiscal Agent on or after an Issue Date (or such other 
date), your Bond will be issued on a subsequent Issue Date.  When a Bond is issued on a subsequent 
Issue Date, the interest rate applicable to the Bond will be the interest rate applicable to such Issue 
Date, in accordance with the applicable Pricing Supplement and then prevailing Rate Sheet. 
If the State of Israel does not accept your application to purchase Bonds, any payment made by 
you in connection with such purchase will be refunded within 21 Business Days after the date of 
rejection of the subscription application and you shall not be entitled to any interest or other 
compensation in respect of such refunded payment. 
10.2 
Limitation on purchases of U.S. Dollar Jubilee Fixed Rate Financing Bonds and U.S. Dollar 
Floating Rate LIBOR Financing Bonds  
U.S. Dollar Jubilee Fixed Rate Financing Bonds and U.S. Dollar Floating Rate LIBOR Financing 
Bonds may only be purchased if financed by an Authorised Institutional Lender. 
10.3 
Currencies / Conversion of Funds 
When purchasing a Bond, investors may tender funds in Euro, British Pounds Sterling or United 
States Dollars. Where investors tender a currency which is different to the Specified Currency of 
the relevant Bond, rather than the Specified Currency, the Fiscal Agent will convert the currency 
received from the investor into the Specified Currency at an exchange rate that it determines in its 
sole discretion acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. Funds which are not 
in the Specified Currency must, upon conversion, equal or exceed the minimum purchase amount 
of the relevant Bond in the Specified Currency.   
10.4 
Reinvesting in U.S. Dollar Reinvestment Savings Bonds 
U.S. Dollar Reinvestment Savings Bonds are available only to investors who are reinvesting the 
proceeds of Matured Bonds (and the proceeds of which have not already been reinvested). Only 
the proceeds of Matured Bonds may be reinvested in the U.S. Dollar Reinvestment Savings Bonds, 
and investors may not add to such reinvested proceeds to purchase a greater amount of these Bonds. 
In order to purchase a U.S. Dollar Reinvestment Savings Bond, your Investment Form must be 
received and accepted by or on behalf of the State of Israel no later than thirty (30) days following 
the maturity date of your Matured Bonds (or before such other date announced by the State of 
Israel).  
If you have already received a cheque in respect of principal and/or interest payment(s) on your 
Matured Bonds, this must also be returned, together with the Investment Form, during such 30-day 
period. If the principal and interest payment(s) for your Matured Bonds are paid by bank transfer, 
you must notify the Fiscal Agent and the Promoters fifteen (15) days prior to the due date of such 
bank transfer about your request to cancel the bank transfer and reinvest the proceeds.   
ONCE PRINCIPAL AND INTEREST PAYMENT(S) FOR YOUR MATURED BONDS ARE 
DEPOSITED IN YOUR BANK ACCOUNT BY BANK TRANSFER OR BY CHEQUE, YOU 
WILL NOT BE ABLE TO REINVEST THE PROCEEDS OF THE MATURED BONDS IN A 
U.S. DOLLAR REINVESTMENT SAVINGS BOND.

--- Page 146 ---
- 134 - 
 
 
10.5 
Reinvesting a matured State of Israel bond in Bonds other than U.S. Dollar Reinvestment 
Savings Bonds 
If you are reinvesting a matured State of Israel bond in Bonds other than U.S. Dollar Reinvestment 
Savings Bonds, in order for your new Bond to be issued on the maturity date of your reinvested 
bond, your subscription must be accepted by or on behalf of the State of Israel by the fifth of the 
month during which the maturity date occurs of your reinvested bond (or, if such date falls on a 
non-Business Day, the first Business Day after such date). Unless sales of a certain Bond are 
suspended, a subscription will be accepted by or on behalf of the State of Israel if it is in a form 
acceptable to the State of Israel before the designated date as set forth above. 
10.6 
Reinvesting payments in purchases of new Bonds 
If a Bond holder intends to reinvest payments of principal or interest in purchases of new Bonds 
then, upon request by the Bond holder, the Fiscal Agent may convert such payments into the 
Specified Currency of the new Bonds (being Euro, British Pounds Sterling or United States 
Dollars) at an exchange rate determined by it in its sole discretion acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. 
11. 
Bond Certificates 
All Bonds are issued in book-entry form.  Bond certificates will not normally be issued (except in 
the limited circumstances described below in this paragraph).  Instead, the Fiscal Agent will post 
to each person registered as the purchaser of a Bond a confirmation that they (or the relevant third 
party whom they may have designated) have been entered in the Bond register as the Registered 
Owner along with other pertinent information. Certificates will be issued only in the cases of 
Registered Owners who are government agencies, pension funds, financial institutions and 
employee benefit plans that so request at the time of purchase, or upon written consent of the State 
of Israel. The Fiscal Agent, on behalf of the State of Israel, will forward all notices relating to the 
Bonds to the Registered Owner(s).  
Upon maturity or redemption of a book-entry Bond, the Fiscal Agent will automatically pay the 
principal amount and accrued interest on the book-entry Bond to the Registered Owner by posting 
a cheque to the last address of the Registered Owner as listed in the Bond register or, if written 
instructions are given by the Registered Owner, by direct credit to the bank account specified by 
the Registered Owner.  
Bond certificate holders must present the physical certificate to the Fiscal Agent to receive 
payment. The Registered Owner will bear all expenses in connection with the replacement and 
delivery of a new Bond certificate, should one be required for any reason. However, the State of 
Israel will (except in cases where it has proof of delivery of the Bond certificate) issue a new Bond 
certificate to the Registered Owner for no cost where the Registered Owner has notified the State 
of Israel and the Fiscal Agent in writing that the Bond certificate was never delivered, no later than 
six months following the original Issue Date of the Bond. 
12. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal shall become void unless made within ten years of the appropriate Relevant 
Date.  Claims for interest shall become void unless made within five years of the appropriate 
Relevant Date. 
13. 
Fiscal Agent 
Computershare will act as the Fiscal Agent for the Bonds. The address for Computershare is 100 
University Avenue, 8th floor, Toronto, Ontario M5J 2Y1, Canada. Attention: State of Israel Bonds. 
The telephone number is +1 (416) 263 9200. 
14. 
Governing Law 
The Bonds will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New 
York.

--- Page 147 ---
- 135 - 
 
 
15. 
Jurisdiction; Waiver of Immunity; Consent to Service and Enforceability 
The State of Israel is a sovereign state. However, the State of Israel, in respect of the Bonds, agrees 
to irrevocably submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the federal court in the Southern District 
of New York or any state court in the City of New York or any competent court in Israel and 
irrevocably agrees not to claim immunity from any proceedings or from the execution of any 
judgement in connection with the terms of the Bonds (save as provided below or to the extent that 
the State of Israel is precluded by applicable laws to agree as aforesaid). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the State of Israel reserves the right to plead sovereign immunity 
under the United States Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act of 1976, as amended, with respect to 
actions brought against it under United States federal securities laws or any state securities laws, 
and the State of Israel's appointment of the Process Agent (as defined below) will not extend to 
such actions. Additionally, under the laws of the State of Israel, the funds, assets, rights and general 
property of the Issuer located in the State of Israel are immune from execution and attachment and 
any process in the nature thereof and the foregoing waiver shall not constitute a waiver of such 
immunity or of any immunity from execution or attachment or process in the nature thereof with 
respect to the premises of the Issuer's diplomatic missions in any jurisdiction outside the State of 
Israel or with respect to the assets of the Issuer necessary for the proper functioning of the Issuer 
as a sovereign power. 
The State of Israel has appointed the Chief Legal Officer and Head of Israel Economic Mission - 
Western Hemisphere of the Ministry of Finance of the Government of Israel in New York, New 
York, whose address is 800 Second Avenue, 17th Floor, New York, New York 10017, United 
States of America, as its authorised agent upon whom process may be served (the "Process 
Agent"). This appointment is limited to any action arising out of or based on the Bonds that the 
Registered Owner of any Bonds may institute in any federal court in the Southern District of New 
York or any state court in the City of New York. Such appointment will be irrevocable until the 
State of Israel pays all amounts due or to become due on or in respect of all the Bonds issuable 
under the Fiscal Agency Agreement. If for any reason the Process Agent ceases to be able to act 
as the State of Israel's authorised agent or no longer has an address in New York, the State of Israel 
will appoint another person in New York as its authorised agent upon whom process may be served.  
The Chief Legal Officer and Head of Israel Economic Mission for the Western Hemisphere, in its 
capacity as Process Agent, is not the agent for service for actions under the United States federal 
securities laws or state securities laws and the State of Israel's waiver of immunity does not extend 
to such actions.

--- Page 148 ---
- 136 - 
 
 
FORMS OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT BONDS 
Pricing Supplement for the sales period [        ] to [        ] 
THE CENTRAL BANK OF IRELAND HAS NEITHER APPROVED NOR REVIEWED 
INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS PRICING SUPPLEMENT. 
STATE OF ISRAEL 
Legal Entity Identifier ("LEI"): 213800T8ZHTFZIBYPE21 
Issue of  
U.S. Dollar Reinvestment Savings Bonds (10th International Dollar Series) 
under the Bond Issuance Programme 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
offering memorandum dated September 1, 2021 (the "Offering Memorandum"). This Pricing Supplement 
constitutes the final terms of the Bonds described herein and must be read in conjunction with the Offering 
Memorandum.]  
(The following alternative language applies in respect of issues of securities where the sales 
period spans an update to the Offering Memorandum) 
 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
offering memorandum dated September 1, 2021 (the "2021 Offering Memorandum"), notwithstanding 
the publication of an updated offering memorandum which will replace the 2021 Offering Memorandum 
(the "Updated Offering Memorandum"). This Pricing Supplement constitutes the final terms of the Bonds 
described herein and (i) prior to the publication of the Updated Offering Memorandum, must be read in 
conjunction with the 2021 Offering Memorandum as so supplemented and (ii) after the publication of the 
Updated Offering Memorandum, must be read in conjunction with the Updated Offering Memorandum 
save in respect of the Conditions (which are extracted from the 2021 Offering Memorandum and which 
will be incorporated by reference into the Updated Offering Memorandum).] 
Specified Currency: 
United States Dollars 
Interest Rate: 
[1-Year U.S. Dollar 
Reinvestment Savings Bond: 
[        ]% per annum] 
 
[2-Year U.S. Dollar 
Reinvestment Savings Bond: 
[        ]% per annum] 
 
[3-Year U.S. Dollar 
Reinvestment Savings Bond: 
[        ]% per annum] 
 
[5-Year U.S. Dollar 
Reinvestment Savings Bond: 
[        ]% per annum] 
 
[10-Year U.S. Dollar 
Reinvestment Savings Bond: 
[        ]% per annum] 
Issue Date: 
[        ] 
Maturity Date: 
[        ] 
ISIN Code: 
[        ]

--- Page 149 ---
- 137 - 
 
 
Pricing Supplement for the sales period [        ] to [        ] 
THE CENTRAL BANK OF IRELAND HAS NEITHER APPROVED NOR REVIEWED 
INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS PRICING SUPPLEMENT. 
STATE OF ISRAEL 
Legal Entity Identifier ("LEI"): 213800T8ZHTFZIBYPE21 
Issue of  
U.S. Dollar Jubilee Fixed Rate Financing Bonds (10th International Dollar Series) 
under the Bond Issuance Programme 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
offering memorandum dated September 1, 2021 (the "Offering Memorandum"). This Pricing Supplement 
constitutes the final terms of the Bonds described herein and must be read in conjunction with the Offering 
Memorandum.]  
(The following alternative language applies in respect of issues of securities where the sales 
period spans an update to the Offering Memorandum) 
 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
offering memorandum dated September 1, 2021 (the "2021 Offering Memorandum"), notwithstanding 
the publication of an updated offering memorandum which will replace the 2021 Offering Memorandum 
(the "Updated Offering Memorandum"). This Pricing Supplement constitutes the final terms of the Bonds 
described herein and (i) prior to the publication of the Updated Offering Memorandum, must be read in 
conjunction with the 2021 Offering Memorandum as so supplemented and (ii) after the publication of the 
Updated Offering Memorandum, must be read in conjunction with the Updated Offering Memorandum 
save in respect of the Conditions (which are extracted from the 2021 Offering Memorandum and which 
will be incorporated by reference into the Updated Offering Memorandum).] 
Specified Currency: 
United States Dollars 
Integral multiples: 
[As set out in Condition 
2.2/[        ]] 
 
Interest Rate: 
[1-Year U.S. Dollar Jubilee 
Fixed Rate Financing Bond: 
[        ]% per annum] 
 
[2-Year U.S. Dollar Jubilee 
Fixed Rate Financing Bond: 
[        ]% per annum] 
 
[3-Year U.S. Dollar Jubilee 
Fixed Rate Financing Bond: 
[        ]% per annum] 
 
[5-Year U.S. Dollar Jubilee 
Fixed Rate Financing Bond: 
[        ]% per annum] 
 
[10-Year U.S. Dollar Jubilee 
Fixed Financing Rate Bond: 
[        ]% per annum] 
 
[15-Year U.S. Dollar Jubilee 
Fixed Financing Rate Bond: 
[        ]% per annum] 
Issue Date: 
[        ] 
Maturity Date: 
[        ] 
ISIN Code: 
[        ]

--- Page 150 ---
- 138 - 
 
 
Pricing Supplement for the sales period [        ] to [        ] 
THE CENTRAL BANK OF IRELAND HAS NEITHER APPROVED NOR REVIEWED 
INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS PRICING SUPPLEMENT. 
STATE OF ISRAEL 
Legal Entity Identifier ("LEI"): 213800T8ZHTFZIBYPE21 
Issue of  
U.S. Dollar Floating Rate LIBOR Financing Bonds (10th International Dollar Series) 
under the Bond Issuance Programme 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
offering memorandum dated September 1, 2021 (the "Offering Memorandum"). This Pricing Supplement 
constitutes the final terms of the Bonds described herein and must be read in conjunction with the Offering 
Memorandum.]  
(The following alternative language applies in respect of issues of securities where the sales 
period spans an update to the Offering Memorandum) 
 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
offering memorandum dated September 1, 2021 (the "2021 Offering Memorandum"), notwithstanding 
the publication of an updated offering memorandum which will replace the 2021 Offering Memorandum 
(the "Updated Offering Memorandum"). This Pricing Supplement constitutes the final terms of the Bonds 
described herein and (i) prior to the publication of the Updated Offering Memorandum, must be read in 
conjunction with the 2021 Offering Memorandum as so supplemented and (ii) after the publication of the 
Updated Offering Memorandum, must be read in conjunction with the Updated Offering Memorandum 
save in respect of the Conditions (which are extracted from the 2021 Offering Memorandum and which 
will be incorporated by reference into the Updated Offering Memorandum).] 
Specified Currency: 
United States Dollars 
Integral multiples: 
[As set out in Condition 
2.1/[        ]] 
 
Reference Rate:  
The Applicable LIBOR Rate is [        ] 
Spread: 
[2-Year U.S. Dollar Floating 
Rate LIBOR Financing 
Bond: 
+/- [        ] basis points] 
 
[3-Year U.S. Dollar Floating 
Rate LIBOR Financing 
Bond: 
+/- [        ] basis points] 
Issue Date: 
[        ] 
Maturity Date: 
[        ] 
ISIN Code: 
[        ]

--- Page 151 ---
- 139 - 
 
 
ISSUER 
The State of Israel 
Ministry of Finance 
800 Second Avenue, 17th Floor 
New York, New York 10017 
United States of America 
Attention: Consul and Chief Legal Officer and Head of Israel Economic Mission - Western 
Hemisphere 
Telephone: +1 (646) 779-6811 
Fax: +1 (646) 779 6815 
FISCAL AGENT 
Computershare Trust Company of Canada 
100 University Avenue, 8th floor 
Toronto 
Ontario M5J 2Y1 
Canada 
Attention: State of Israel Bonds 
Telephone: +1 416 263 9200 
PROMOTERS 
Development Company for Israel 
(International) Limited 
Platinum House 
Gabriel Mews, Crewys Road 
London NW2 2GD 
United Kingdom 
Telephone: +44 (0)20 3936 2712 
Email: infoEN@israelbondsintl.com 
Website: www.israelbondsintl.com 
Development Company for Israel (Europe) 
GmbH 
Hebelstrasse 6 
60318 Frankfurt/Main 
Germany  
 
Telephone: +49 69 490470 
Email: infoDE@israelbondsintl.com 
Website: www.israelbondsintl.com 
 
Paris office: 
7 Place Vendôme 
75001 Paris 
France 
 
Telephone: +33 1 42 85 85 50  
Email: infoFR@israelbondsintl.com 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom