--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus
Mintaka Limited
(a private company incorporated under the laws of Jersey with registered office at 2nd Floor, Sir Walter Raleigh House, 48-50 
Esplanade, St. Helier, JE2 3QB, Jersey, with registration number 146594) (the “Jersey Issuer”) 
Premium Green PLC
(a public limited company incorporated under the laws of Ireland with registered office at 3rd Floor, Block 5, Irish Life Centre, 1 
Abbey Street Lower, Dublin 1, Ireland, with registration number 417608) (the “Irish Issuer”) 
Secured Note Programme
The Jersey Issuer is a special purpose vehicle incorporated as a private company under the laws of Jersey and the Irish Issuer is a 
special purpose vehicle incorporated as a public limited company under the laws of Ireland.  
References in this Base Prospectus to “the Issuer” refers to each of the Jersey Issuer and the Irish Issuer (as applicable), in 
respect of each of their respective Programmes (as defined below). The relevant Issuer shall be specified in the relevant 
Accessory Conditions in respect of a Series of Notes. 
This Base Prospectus gives information on each Issuer and on each Issuer’s programme (in each case, the “Programme”). Each 
Issuer, subject to compliance with all relevant laws and regulations, may, from time to time, issue, borrow under, buy, sell, enter 
into, create or incur secured obligations in the form of secured notes, as further described herein (“Notes”) and/or other secured 
obligations including, without limitation, loans, options, warrants, certificates, murabaha transactions, deposits, mudaraba 
transactions, letters of credit, derivative transactions, contracts for the sale and/or purchase of assets, investment agreements, 
repurchase transactions, securities lending transactions, guarantees or a combination of the foregoing, denominated in any 
currency agreed upon by the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer, as the case may be, on the terms set out herein. The liability 
of each Issuer in respect of its Programme and any relevant Notes is separate in respect of each Series. Each Issuer has most 
recently updated its Programme by entering into a programme deed dated 11 April 2024 (in each case, the “Programme Deed”). 
Under their respective Programmes, each Issuer, subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may, 
from time to time, issue series (each, a “Series”) of Notes, in one or more classes (each a “Class”) and tranches (each, a 
“Tranche”), on the terms set out in this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms prepared in connection with such 
Tranche (the “Final Terms”) or as completed, amended, supplemented or varied by the pricing terms prepared in connection with 
such Tranche (the “Pricing Terms”, and with Final Terms and Pricing Terms both comprising “Accessory Conditions”). 
References to “applicable Final Terms” in this Base Prospectus include only final terms pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as 
amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). Notes may also be issued by each Issuer under its Programme by way of a prospectus 
(a “Series Prospectus”) that includes the Pricing Terms for the Notes and incorporates by reference the whole or any part of this 
Base Prospectus, as necessary. 
Each Series will be secured by a security interest created in favour of the Trustee over the assets relating to such Series as 
described in “Master Conditions - Condition 5 (Security)”. 
If the proceeds of liquidation of any available collateral, or of enforcement of the security, are not sufficient to meet all of its 
obligations in respect of the Series, the Issuer’s obligations in respect of the Notes will be limited to those proceeds. The relevant 
Issuer’s other assets will not be available to meet any shortfall. 
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus as contemplated by the Prospectus Regulation. This Base Prospectus has 
been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank”), as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The 
Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency 
imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or the 
quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Application has been made to The Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) for Notes issued 
under the Programme for the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List of 
Euronext Dublin (the “Official List”) and to trading on its regulated market (the “Regulated Market”). The Regulated Market is a 
regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial 
instruments (as amended, “MiFID II”). Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on the 
Regulated Market or other regulated markets for the purposes of MiFID II. 
This Base Prospectus will be valid for admissions to trading on a regulated market by or with the consent of the relevant Issuer for 
12 months from its date. The obligation to supplement it in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material 
inaccuracies will not apply after the date falling 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Application has also been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme for the period of 12 months from the 
date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on its Global Exchange Market (“GEM”). This

--- Page 2 ---
document constitutes Base Listing Particulars for the purpose of such application and has been approved by Euronext Dublin. The 
GEM is not a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to 
trading on the GEM. 
Application has also been made to Wiener Börse AG (the “Vienna Stock Exchange”) for the inclusion of the Notes in trading on 
the Vienna MTF of the Vienna Stock Exchange, a multilateral trading facility (the “Vienna MTF”). This document constitutes listing 
particulars for the purpose of such application and has been approved by the Vienna Stock Exchange. The Vienna MTF is not a 
regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on the 
Vienna MTF.  
Notes may also be listed and admitted to trading on such other or further stock exchanges as may be agreed between the relevant 
Issuer and the Dealer for the Series and as specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions. Unlisted Notes may also be issued 
pursuant to the Programme on the terms set out in this Base Prospectus as completed, amended, supplemented or varied by 
Pricing Terms. The applicable Accessory Conditions in respect of the Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be listed on 
the Official List and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market, listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on GEM, listed 
on the Vienna Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Vienna MTF or any other stock exchange. This Base Prospectus 
has not been reviewed by the Central Bank in relation to any Pricing Terms. 
Notes to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market or any other regulated market for the purposes of 
MiFID II may only be issued (i) by way of Final Terms under this Base Prospectus or (ii) pursuant to a Series Prospectus. Notes 
may only be issued by way of Final Terms under this Base Prospectus where (a) a public offering of the Notes is not intended, (b) 
the minimum specified denomination is €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the issue date of the Notes), (c) the 
Swap Counterparty (if applicable) is an Approved Swap Counterparty, (d) the Repo Counterparty (if applicable) is an Approved 
Repo Counterparty, (e) the SL Counterparty (if applicable) is an Approved SL Counterparty and (f) the Original Collateral is 
Approved Original Collateral.  
Notes to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on GEM may be issued by way of a Pricing Supplement under these Base 
Listing Particulars. For this purpose, references in these Base Listing Particulars to “Base Prospectus”, “Pricing Terms” and 
“Supplemental Prospectus(es)” shall be deemed to be references to “Base Listing Particulars”, “Pricing Supplement” and “Listing 
Particulars Supplement(s)” respectively. Notes may also be issued under the Programme by way of a Series Listing Particulars 
that includes the Pricing Terms for the Notes and incorporates by reference the whole or any part of these Base Listing Particulars, 
as necessary. 
Notes to be issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Notes may be rated by Fitch Ratings Limited (“Fitch”), Japan 
Credit Rating Agency (“JCR”), Moody’s Investors Service Ltd (“Moody’s”), Rating and Investment Information, Inc. (“R&I”) and/or 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”) or any other rating agency specified in the Accessory Conditions. Where Notes are 
rated (i) the applicable rating(s) and (ii) whether or not such rating(s) will be treated as having been issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (the “CRA Regulation”) will be 
specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may 
be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. Fitch, JCR, Moody’s and R&I are not 
established in the European Union and are not registered under the CRA Regulation. S&P is established in the European Union 
and registered under the CRA Regulation.  
Prospective investors should have regard to the risk factors described under the section of this Base Prospectus titled 
“Risk Factors” and, in particular, to the limited recourse nature of the Notes and the fact that each Issuer is a special 
purpose vehicle. This Base Prospectus does not describe all of the risks of an investment in the Notes. 
Unless otherwise defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, capitalised terms used in this Base Prospectus shall have 
the meaning given to them in “Master Conditions – Condition 1 (Definitions and Interpretation)”. For convenience, an 
index of defined terms used in this Base Prospectus is set out at pages 389-395 of this Base Prospectus. 
Arranger 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Dated: 11 April 2024

--- Page 3 ---
3
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and for the 
purpose of giving necessary information with regard to each Issuer and the Notes which, according to the 
particular nature and circumstances of the relevant Issuer and the type of Notes, is material to investors for 
making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and prospects 
of the relevant Issuer, the rights attaching to the Notes and the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the 
relevant Issuer. 
The information contained in this Base Prospectus has been provided by each Issuer and other sources 
identified herein. The Issuers accept full responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. 
To the best of each Issuer’s knowledge and belief, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in 
accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
In respect of the Notes issued by the Jersey Issuer only, the Jersey Financial Services Commission (the 
“JFSC”) has given, and has not withdrawn, its consent under Article 4 of the Control of Borrowing (Jersey) 
Order 1958 to the issue of the Notes. The JFSC is protected by the Control of Borrowing (Jersey) Law 1947, 
as amended, against liability arising from the discharge of its functions under that law. This Base Prospectus 
is not a prospectus for the purposes of the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 (as amended). The Jersey Issuer 
has not authorised the making of any offer of Notes by the circulation of a prospectus as defined under the 
Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 (as amended). 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Notes in any Member State of the 
European Economic Area (the “EEA”) (each, a “Relevant Member State”) will be made pursuant to an 
exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes 
and that any offer of Notes in the United Kingdom will be made pursuant to an exemption under Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129, as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”) (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”) from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of 
Notes. Accordingly, any person making or intending to make an offer of Notes in that Relevant Member State 
or the United Kingdom which are the subject of an offering contemplated in this Base Prospectus as 
completed by Final Terms or as completed, amended, supplemented or varied by Pricing Terms in relation to 
the offer of those Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for any Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation, in each 
case, in relation to such offer. None of the Issuers nor any Dealer have authorised, nor do they authorise, the 
making of any offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for any Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer’s product approval process where MiFID II and its related 
regulations apply, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the 
target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the relevant manufacturer’s target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer’s target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor (and, for the avoidance of doubt, this means any retail 
investor within or outside (i) the EEA or (ii) the United Kingdom (the “UK”)). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a “retail client” as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II or a “retail client” as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565, as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as

--- Page 4 ---
4
amended) or within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) 
and any rules or regulations made under FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, in each case, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in, respectively, point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II and point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014, as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus 
Regulation. 
No key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs 
Regulation”) or the PRIIPs Regulation, as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK 
PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA or in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA or in the UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation or the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated herein by 
reference (see the section of this Base Prospectus titled “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus and the applicable Accessory Conditions in connection with the issue or 
sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having 
been authorised by any Issuer, the Arranger or any Dealer. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor 
any sale made in connection therewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has 
been no change in the affairs of any of the Issuers since the date of this Base Prospectus or the date upon 
which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no 
adverse change in the financial position of any of the Issuers since the date of this Base Prospectus or the 
date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on 
which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law. 
The information on any websites referred to herein does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless that 
information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the relevant 
Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction.  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
“Securities Act”) or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United 
States. The Notes may include notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Notes may 
not at any time be offered, sold or, in the case of Notes in bearer form, delivered within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, any person who is (a) a U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act), (b) a U.S. person (as defined in the credit risk retention rules issued under Section 15G of the 
U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “U.S. Credit Risk Retention Rules”)) or (c) not a Non-United 
States person (as defined in Rule 4.7 under the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act of 1936 (the “CEA”), but 
excluding for purposes of subsection (D) thereof, the exception to the extent that it would apply to persons 
who are not Non-United States persons (“Rule 4.7”)).  
Any investor in the Notes (including investors following the issue date of such Notes) shall be deemed to give 
the representations, agreements and acknowledgments specified in the Conditions of such Notes, including a 
representation that it is not, nor is it acting for the account or benefit of, a person who is (i) a U.S. person (as

--- Page 5 ---
5
defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act), (ii) a U.S. person (as defined in the U.S. Credit Risk 
Retention Rules) or (iii) not a Non-United States person (as defined in Rule 4.7). 
If such an investor is purchasing the Notes on their issue date, such an investor may also be required to 
provide the relevant Dealer with a letter containing a representation substantially in the same form as the 
deemed representation specified above. 
The Notes may not at any time be offered, sold or, in the case of Notes in bearer form, delivered within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended), and regulations thereunder. 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of this Base 
Prospectus, see the section of this Base Prospectus titled “Subscription and Sale”. 
None of the Issuers have been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, 
as amended (the “Investment Company Act”). 
No person has registered, nor will register, as a Commodity Pool Operator of any Issuer under the CEA and 
the rules of the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the “CFTC”) thereunder. 
The Irish Issuer is not, and will not be, regulated by the Central Bank as a result of issuing any Notes. Any 
investment in any Notes issued by the Irish Issuer does not have the status of a bank deposit and is not within 
the scope of the deposit protection scheme operated by the Central Bank. Where an Issuer incorporated in 
Ireland wishes to issue Notes with a maturity of less than one year, it shall ensure that it is in full compliance 
with the notice of the Central Bank of exemptions granted under section 8(2) of the Central Bank Act 1971 (as 
amended), of Ireland.

--- Page 6 ---
6
DISCLAIMERS
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of any of the Issuers, the 
Arranger or the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
None of the Arranger, the Dealers, the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty or the SL Counterparty 
have separately verified the information contained in this Base Prospectus. None of the Arranger or the 
Dealers makes any representation, express or implied, or, to the fullest extent permitted by law, accepts 
responsibility, with respect to (i) any Notes, (ii) any Transaction Documents (including the effectiveness 
thereof) or (iii) the accuracy or completeness of any of the information in this Base Prospectus or for any other 
statement made or purported to be made by the Arranger or a Dealer or on its behalf in connection with any 
Issuer or the issue and offering of the Notes. Each of the Arranger and the Dealers accordingly disclaims all 
and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as referred to above) which it might 
otherwise have in respect of any Notes, any Transaction Documents or this Base Prospectus or any such 
statement. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the risk factors described in the section of this Base Prospectus 
titled “Risk Factors”. This Base Prospectus does not describe all of the risks of an investment in the Notes. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit or 
other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuers, the Arranger, the 
Dealers or the Trustee that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements should 
purchase the Notes. 
Prospective investors should conduct such independent investigation and analysis regarding the relevant 
Issuer, the security arrangements and the Notes as they deem appropriate to evaluate the merits and risks of 
an investment in the Notes. Prospective investors should have sufficient knowledge and experience in 
financial and business matters, and access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical resources, to 
evaluate the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the applicable Accessory Conditions and the 
merits and risks of investing in the Notes in the context of their financial position and circumstances. None of 
the Arranger or the Dealers undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of any of the Issuers during 
the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus or during the term of any Notes issued nor 
to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of the 
Arranger or any Dealer. The Arranger and the Dealers disclaim any responsibility to advise investors of the 
risks and investment considerations associated therewith as they may exist at the date hereof or as they may 
from time to time alter. 
For the purposes of this Base Prospectus (except the sections of this Base Prospectus titled “Master 
Conditions” and “General Information”), (a) references to “Noteholders” should generally be read as including 
holders of Coupons and/or Receipts and holders of beneficial interests in such Notes, Coupons and/or 
Receipts, except where the context otherwise requires and (b) references to “Notes” should generally be read 
as including Coupons and/or Receipts, except where the context otherwise requires.  
The Notes are complex instruments that involve substantial risks and are suitable only for sophisticated 
investors that: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes (including, without limitation, the tax, accounting, credit, legal, 
regulatory and financial implications for them of such an investment) and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have considered the suitability of the Notes in light of their own circumstances and financial condition; 
(iii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of their 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on their 
overall investment portfolio;

--- Page 7 ---
7
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and are familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets;  
(v) 
understand that any Reference Rate associated or used in connection with the Notes (as relevant) may 
change, cease to be published or be in customary market usage, become unavailable, have its use 
restricted or become calculated by a different methodology, and that, as a result (a) such Reference 
Rate may cease to be appropriate during the lifetime of the Notes and (b) amendments may be 
required to the Notes to account for the change or cessation of such Reference Rate; and  
(vi) 
are able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect their investment and their ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
Owing to the structured nature of the Notes, their price may be more volatile than that of non-structured 
securities. 
Investors: Each prospective investor in the Notes should have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to 
bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, including where principal and interest may reduce as a 
result of the occurrence of different events whether related to the creditworthiness of any entity or otherwise or 
changes in particular rates, prices, values or indices, or where the currency for principal or interest payments 
is different from the prospective investor’s currency. 
Investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each prospective investor should therefore consult its professional advisers 
to determine whether and to what extent (i) the Notes are legal investments for it and/or (ii) other restrictions 
apply to its purchase of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their professional advisers or the 
appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital 
or similar rules. 
No fiduciary role: None of the Issuers, the Arranger, the Dealers or (in respect of any Series) any of the other 
Transaction Parties or any of their respective affiliates is acting as an investment adviser or as an adviser in 
any other capacity, and none of them (other than the Trustee to the extent set out in the Trust Deed) assumes 
any fiduciary obligation to any investors or any other party, including the Issuers. 
None of the Issuers, the Arranger, the Dealers or (in respect of any Series) any of the other Transaction 
Parties assumes any responsibility for (i) conducting or failing to conduct any investigation into the business, 
financial condition, prospects, creditworthiness, status and/or affairs of any issuer or obligor of any Collateral 
or the terms thereof or of the Swap Counterparty or the terms of the relevant Swap Agreement, of the Repo 
Counterparty or the terms of the relevant Repo Agreement or of the SL Counterparty or the terms of the 
relevant SL Agreement or (ii) monitoring any such issuer or obligor of any Collateral, the Swap Counterparty, 
the Repo Counterparty or the SL Counterparty during the term of the Notes. 
Investors may not rely on the views of the Issuers, the Arranger, the Dealers or (in respect of any Series) any 
of the other Transaction Parties for any information in relation to any person. 
No reliance: A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuers, the Dealers or (in respect of any Series) any 
of the other Transaction Parties or any of their respective affiliates in connection with its determination as to 
the legality of its acquisition of the Notes or as to any of the other matters referred to above. 
No representations: None of the Issuers, the Arranger, the Dealers or (in respect of any Series) any of the 
other Transaction Parties makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, in respect of any:  
(i) 
Collateral or in respect of any information contained in any documents prepared, provided or filed in 
respect of such Collateral with any exchange, governmental, supervisory or self-regulatory authority or 
any other person;

--- Page 8 ---
8
(ii) 
issuer or obligor of the Collateral or in respect of any information contained in any documents prepared, 
provided or filed by or on behalf of such issuer or obligor with any exchange, governmental, supervisory 
or self-regulatory authority or any other person;  
(iii) 
Swap Counterparty, Repo Counterparty or SL Counterparty or in respect of any information contained 
in any documents prepared, provided or filed by or on behalf of such party with any exchange, 
governmental, supervisory or self-regulatory authority or any other person; or 
(iv) 
Swap Agreement, Repo Agreement or SL Agreement or in respect of any information contained in any 
documents prepared, provided or filed in respect of such agreement with any exchange, governmental, 
supervisory or self-regulatory authority or any other person, 
save that this is not intended to limit the responsibility of any of the Issuers for the information in respect of the 
Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty or the SL Counterparty in the section of this Base Prospectus 
titled “Description of the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty and the SL Counterparty”. 
None of the Dealers or (in respect of any Series) any of the other Transaction Parties makes any 
representation or warranty, express or implied, in respect of any of the Issuers or in respect of any information 
contained in any documents prepared, provided or filed by or on behalf of the Issuers. 
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR 
WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE 
UNITED STATES. THE NOTES MAY INCLUDE NOTES IN BEARER FORM THAT ARE SUBJECT TO U.S. 
TAX LAW REQUIREMENTS. NO PERSON HAS REGISTERED NOR WILL REGISTER AS A COMMODITY 
POOL OPERATOR OF THE ISSUER UNDER THE U.S. COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT OF 1936 AS 
AMENDED AND THE RULES OF THE CFTC THEREUNDER. THE NOTES MAY NOT AT ANY TIME BE 
OFFERED, SOLD OR, IN THE CASE OF NOTES IN BEARER FORM, DELIVERED WITHIN THE UNITED 
STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN THE U.S. 
INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED, AND REGULATIONS THEREUNDER). 
CONSEQUENTLY, THE NOTES MAY NOT AT ANY TIME BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE 
TRANSFERRED EXCEPT (A) IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION (AS SUCH TERM IS DEFINED UNDER 
REGULATION S) AND (B) TO PERSONS THAT ARE (I) NOT U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN 
REGULATION S), (II) NOT U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN THE U.S. CREDIT RISK RETENTION RULES) 
AND (III) NON-UNITED STATES PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN RULE 4.7) (ANY PERSON SATISFYING 
EACH OF (I) TO (III) IMMEDIATELY ABOVE, A “PERMITTED PURCHASER”). IF A PERMITTED 
PURCHASER ACQUIRING NOTES IS DOING SO FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF ANOTHER 
PERSON, SUCH OTHER PERSON MUST ALSO BE A PERMITTED PURCHASER. 
THIS BASE PROSPECTUS HAS BEEN PREPARED BY EACH ISSUER (A) FOR USE IN CONNECTION 
WITH THE OFFER AND SALE OF THE NOTES OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES TO PERMITTED 
PURCHASERS IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 903 OR 904 OF 
REGULATION S, (B) FOR THE LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING OF THE NOTES ON THE 
REGULATED MARKET OF EURONEXT DUBLIN (C) FOR THE LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
OF THE NOTES ON THE GLOBAL EXCHANGE MARKET OF EURONEXT DUBLIN AND (D) FOR THE 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING OF THE NOTES ON THE VIENNA MTF OF THE VIENNA STOCK 
EXCHANGE. 
IN MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION, INVESTORS MUST RELY ON THEIR OWN EXAMINATION OF 
THE RELEVANT ISSUER AND THE TERMS OF THE OFFERING, INCLUDING THE MERITS AND RISKS 
INVOLVED. 
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE U.S. SECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION IN THE UNITED STATES OR 
ANY OTHER REGULATORY AUTHORITY IN THE UNITED STATES, NOR HAVE ANY OF THE

--- Page 9 ---
9
FOREGOING AUTHORITIES PASSED UPON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS OF THE OFFERING OF ANY 
SECURITIES PURSUANT TO THIS PROGRAMME OR THE ACCURACY OR THE ADEQUACY OF THIS 
BASE PROSPECTUS OR ANY OTHER AUTHORISED OFFERING DOCUMENT. ANY REPRESENTATION 
TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES. 
IN RESPECT OF THE JERSEY ISSUER ONLY, THE INVESTMENTS DESCRIBED IN THIS BASE 
PROSPECTUS DO NOT CONSTITUTE A COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT FUND FOR THE PURPOSE OF THE 
COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT FUNDS (JERSEY) LAW 1988, AS AMENDED, ON THE BASIS THAT THEY 
ARE INVESTMENT PRODUCTS DESIGNED FOR FINANCIALLY SOPHISTICATED INVESTORS WITH 
SPECIALIST KNOWLEDGE OF, AND EXPERIENCE OF INVESTING IN, SUCH INVESTMENTS, WHO ARE 
CAPABLE OF FULLY EVALUATING THE RISKS INVOLVED IN MAKING SUCH INVESTMENTS AND WHO 
HAVE AN ASSET BASE SUFFICIENTLY SUBSTANTIAL AS TO ENABLE THEM TO SUSTAIN ANY LOSS 
THAT THEY MIGHT SUFFER AS A RESULT OF MAKING SUCH INVESTMENTS. THESE INVESTMENTS 
ARE NOT REGARDED BY THE JFSC AS SUITABLE INVESTMENTS FOR ANY OTHER TYPE OF 
INVESTOR. 
ANY INDIVIDUAL INTENDING TO INVEST IN ANY INVESTMENT DESCRIBED IN THIS BASE 
PROSPECTUS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR PROFESSIONAL ADVISER AND ENSURE THAT THEY FULLY 
UNDERSTAND ALL THE RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH MAKING SUCH AN INVESTMENT AND HAVE 
SUFFICIENT FINANCIAL RESOURCES TO SUSTAIN ANY LOSS THAT ARISES FROM IT.

--- Page 10 ---
10
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ........................................................................................................ 11
RISK FACTORS ........................................................................................................................................ 23
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST ..................................................................................................................... 78
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ................................................................................ 81
SUPPLEMENTARY PROSPECTUS ......................................................................................................... 82
COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS .......................................................................................................... 83
MASTER CONDITIONS ............................................................................................................................ 97
CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT ........................................................................................................ 233
ANNEX TO THE CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS ................... 286
USE OF PROCEEDS .............................................................................................................................. 298
DESCRIPTION OF THE JERSEY ISSUER ............................................................................................ 299
DESCRIPTION OF THE IRISH ISSUER ................................................................................................ 303
DESCRIPTION OF THE CUSTODIAN ................................................................................................... 307
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRUSTEE ........................................................................................................ 308
THE SWAP AGREEMENT ...................................................................................................................... 309
THE REPO AGREEMENT ...................................................................................................................... 317
THE SL AGREEMENT ............................................................................................................................ 320
APPROVED SWAP COUNTERPARTY, APPROVED REPO COUNTERPARTY, APPROVED SL 
COUNTERPARTY AND APPROVED ORIGINAL COLLATERAL .................................................. 323
SECURITY ARRANGEMENTS ............................................................................................................... 324
TAXATION .............................................................................................................................................. 325
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE .................................................................................................................. 329
GENERAL INFORMATION ..................................................................................................................... 336
APPENDIX 1 FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................. 338
APPENDIX 2 FORM OF PRICING TERMS ............................................................................................ 360
GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS ........................................................................................................ 389

--- Page 11 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
11
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME
The following overview is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus. 
Issuer 
In respect of a Series, either the Jersey Issuer or the Irish Issuer. 
References in this Base Prospectus to the “Issuer” are references 
to the relevant Issuer in respect of (and only to the extent of) each 
Series of Notes created by it and such references specifically 
exclude any other Issuer. 
Jersey Issuer 
Mintaka Limited, a special purpose vehicle incorporated as a 
private company under the laws of Jersey, with registered office at 
2nd Floor, Sir Walter Raleigh House, 48-50 Esplanade, St. Helier, 
JE2 3QB, Jersey, with registration number 146594. Information 
relating to the Jersey Issuer is contained in the section of this 
Base Prospectus titled “Description of the Jersey Issuer”. 
Jersey Issuer’s Legal Entity 
Identifier (“LEI”) 
5493007WXQM4Z3P4IQ19. 
Irish Issuer 
Premium Green PLC, a special purpose vehicle incorporated as a 
public limited company incorporated under the laws of Ireland, 
with registered office at 3rd Floor, Block 5, Irish Life Centre, 1 
Abbey Street Lower, Dublin 1, Ireland, with registration number 
417608. Information relating to the Irish Issuer is contained in the 
section of this Base Prospectus titled “Description of the Irish 
Issuer”. 
Irish Issuer’s LEI 
5493000S7VTDPDFJCP28. 
Description of Programme
Secured Note Programme pursuant to which each Issuer may 
issue Notes. 
Mortgaged Property
The Notes of each Series will be secured in the manner set out in 
“Master Conditions – Condition 5 (Security)”, including (i) a charge 
over the Collateral and an assignment by way of security of the 
Issuer’s rights, title and/or interest relating to the Collateral, (ii) a 
charge over all sums held from time to time by the Disposal Agent, 
the Custodian and/or the Issuing and Paying Agent and (iii) an 
assignment by way of security of the Issuer’s rights, title and 
interest under the Agency Agreement, the Custody Agreement, 
the Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement and the SL 
Agreement. Each Series may also be secured on such additional 
security as may be described in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions. References in this Base Prospectus to “Security” are 
to the security constituted by the Trust Deed for the relevant 
Series and/or constituted by any other security documents in 
respect of the relevant Series. 
Arranger 
Unless otherwise specified in the Accessory Conditions, Crédit 
Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, the “Arranger”. 
Dealer
Unless otherwise specified in the Accessory Conditions, Credit 
Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank and Crédit Agricole 
Securities Asia B.V., with the entity acting as dealer in respect of a 
particular Series being the “Dealer”.

--- Page 12 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
12
Trustee
Unless otherwise specified in the Accessory Conditions, HSBC 
Corporate Trustee Company (UK) Limited, the “Trustee”. 
Issuing and Paying Agent
Unless otherwise specified in the Accessory Conditions, HSBC 
Bank plc, the “Issuing and Paying Agent”.
Custodian
Unless otherwise specified in the Accessory Conditions, HSBC 
Bank plc, the “Custodian”. 
Registrar and Transfer Agent
Unless otherwise specified in the Accessory Conditions, HSBC 
Bank plc, the “Registrar” and the “Transfer Agent”. 
Swap Counterparty  
Unless otherwise specified in the Accessory Conditions, Crédit 
Agricole 
Corporate 
and 
Investment 
Bank, 
the 
“Swap 
Counterparty”. 
Swap Agreement
In respect of any Series, the Issuer may enter into a swap 
agreement on the terms described in the section of this Base 
Prospectus titled “The Swap Agreement” (a “Swap Agreement”). 
The Swap Agreement may, if so specified in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions, provide for collateralisation by way of a 
credit support annex by either or both of the Issuer and the Swap 
Counterparty of their respective obligations under the Swap 
Agreement.  
Where no Swap Agreement is entered into in respect of a Series, 
references in this Base Prospectus to Swap Agreement and Swap 
Counterparty shall not be applicable. 
Repo Counterparty  
Unless otherwise specified in the Accessory Conditions, Crédit 
Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, “Repo Counterparty”. 
Repo Agreement  
In respect of any Series, the Issuer may enter into a repurchase 
agreement on the terms described in the section of this Base 
Prospectus titled “The Repo Agreement” (a “Repo Agreement”).  
Where no Repo Agreement is entered into in respect of a Series, 
references in this Base Prospectus to Repo Agreement and Repo 
Counterparty shall not be applicable. 
SL Counterparty  
Unless otherwise specified in the Accessory Conditions, Crédit 
Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, the “SL Counterparty”. 
SL Agreement 
In respect of any Series, the Issuer may enter into a securities 
lending agreement on the terms described in the section of this 
Base Prospectus titled “The SL Agreement” (a “SL Agreement”).  
Where no SL Agreement is entered into in respect of a Series, 
references in this Base Prospectus to SL Agreement and SL 
Counterparty shall not be applicable. 
Disposal Agent
Unless otherwise specified in the Accessory Conditions, Crédit 
Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, the “Disposal Agent”. 
Calculation Agent 
Unless otherwise specified in the Accessory Conditions, Crédit 
Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, the “Calculation 
Agent”. 
Method of Issue
The Notes will be issued in Series (which may consist of different 
Classes), with the Notes of a Series being ultimately 
interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series (or Class

--- Page 13 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
13
thereof).  
Each Series (or Class thereof) may be issued in Tranches on the 
same or different issue date(s). The specific terms of each 
Tranche (which will be completed, where necessary, with 
supplemental terms and conditions and, save in respect of the 
issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and principal 
amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other 
Tranches of the same Series (or Class thereof)) will be completed 
in the applicable Final Terms or completed, amended, 
supplemented or varied in the applicable Pricing Terms. 
Issue Price of the Notes
Notes may be issued at their principal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their principal amount. 
Form of Notes
The Notes of a Series may be issued in bearer form (“Bearer 
Notes”) or in registered form (“Registered Notes”) but Notes of a 
Series may not comprise both Bearer Notes and Registered 
Notes.  
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes may be issued in definitive form 
(“Definitive Bearer Notes”) or if they are to be deposited on issue 
with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or such alternative clearing system as 
is approved by the Trustee, they will be represented on issue by 
either (i) a temporary global note (a “Temporary Global Note”) if 
(a) definitive Notes are to be made available to Noteholders 
following the expiry of 40 days after their issue date or (b) such 
Notes have an initial maturity of more than one year and are being 
issued in compliance with TEFRA D (as defined in “U.S. TEFRA 
Categorisation” below), or otherwise (ii) a permanent global note 
(a “Permanent Global Note”).  
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will be represented by 
certificates (each, a “Certificate”), one Certificate being issued in 
respect of each Noteholder’s entire holding of Registered Notes of 
one Series. Where issued individually to Noteholders and not in 
the name of a nominee for one or more clearing systems, such 
Certificates are referred to as “Definitive Registered Notes”. 
Certificates representing Registered Notes that are registered in 
the name of a nominee for one or more clearing systems are 
referred to as “Global Certificates”. 
Clearing Systems
Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking 
S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) and, in relation to any Series, 
such other clearing system approved by the Issuer, the Issuing 
and Paying Agent, the Trustee, the relevant Dealer and (in the 
case of Registered Notes) the Registrar. 
Initial Delivery of Notes
On or before the issue date for each Tranche, the Global Note 
representing Bearer Notes or the Global Certificate representing 
Registered Notes may be deposited with a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Global Notes or Global 
Certificates may also be deposited with any other clearing system 
or may be delivered outside any clearing system, provided that the 
method of such delivery has been agreed in advance by the

--- Page 14 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
14
Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Trustee and the relevant 
Dealer. Registered Notes that are to be credited to one or more 
clearing systems on issue will be registered in the name of 
nominees or a common nominee for such clearing systems. 
Limited Recourse and Non-Petition 
The Notes comprise secured, limited recourse obligations of the 
Issuer. 
The obligations of the Issuer to pay any amounts due and payable 
in respect of a Series and to the other Transaction Parties at any 
time in respect of a Series shall be limited to the proceeds 
available out of the Mortgaged Property in respect of such Series 
at such time to make such payments in accordance with “Master 
Conditions - Condition 15 (Application of Available Proceeds)”. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, or in 
any Transaction Document, in respect of a Series, the Transaction 
Parties, the Noteholders and the Couponholders shall have 
recourse only to the Mortgaged Property in respect of the Series, 
subject always to the Security, and not to any other general assets 
of the Issuer. 
If, after (i) the Mortgaged Property in respect of the Series is 
exhausted (whether following Liquidation or enforcement of the 
Security or otherwise) and (ii) application of the Available 
Proceeds as provided in “Master Conditions - Condition 15 
(Application of Available Proceeds)”, any outstanding claim, debt 
or liability against the Issuer in relation to the Notes of the Series 
or the Transaction Documents relating to the Series remains 
unpaid, then such outstanding claim, debt or liability, as the case 
may be, shall be extinguished and no debt shall be owed by the 
Issuer in respect thereof.  
Following extinguishment in accordance with “Master Conditions – 
Condition 17(a) (General Limited Recourse)”, none of the 
Transaction Parties, the Noteholders, the Couponholders or any 
other person acting on behalf of any of them shall be entitled to 
take any further steps against the Issuer or any of its officers, 
shareholders, 
members, 
incorporators, 
corporate 
service 
providers or directors to recover any further sum in respect of the 
extinguished claim, debt or liability and no debt shall be owed to 
any such persons by the Issuer or any of its officers, shareholders, 
members, incorporators, corporate service providers or directors 
in respect of such further sum in respect of the Series. 
No recourse under any obligation, covenant or agreement of the 
Issuer contained in any Transaction Document shall be had 
against any shareholder, officer, agent or director of the Issuer, by 
the enforcement of any obligation or by any proceeding, by virtue 
of any statute or otherwise; it being expressly agreed and 
understood that the Transaction Documents are a corporate 
obligation of the Issuer and no liability shall attach to or be 
incurred by the shareholders, officers, agents or directors of the 
Issuer as such, or any of them, under or by reason of any of the 
obligations, covenants or agreements of the Issuer contained in 
the Transaction Documents, or implied therefrom, and that any

--- Page 15 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
15
and all personal liability for breaches by the Issuer of any such 
obligations, covenants or agreements, either at law or by statute 
or constitution, of every such shareholder, officer, agent or director 
is expressly waived by the other parties hereto as a condition of 
the execution of the Transaction Documents. 
None 
of 
the 
Transaction 
Parties, 
the 
Noteholders, 
the 
Couponholders or any other person acting on behalf of any of 
them may, at any time, institute, or join with any other person in 
bringing, 
instituting 
or 
joining, 
insolvency, 
administration, 
bankruptcy, winding-up or any other similar proceedings (whether 
court-based or otherwise) in relation to the Issuer or any of its 
officers, shareholders, members, incorporators, corporate service 
providers or directors or any of its assets, and none of them shall 
have any claim arising with respect to the assets and/or property 
attributable to any other Obligations issued or entered into by the 
Issuer (save for any further notes which form a single series with 
the Notes) or any other assets of the Issuer. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of the foregoing, the Trustee may 
lodge a claim in the liquidation of the Issuer which is initiated by 
another party or take proceedings to obtain a declaration or 
judgment as to the obligations of the Issuer. 
Such limited recourse and non-petition provisions shall survive 
notwithstanding any redemption of the Notes of any Series or the 
termination or expiration of any Transaction Document in respect 
of any Series. 
Currencies
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in any currency as agreed 
between the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent and the 
relevant Dealer. 
Maturities
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes of any maturity may be issued under the 
Programme. 
Specified Denomination
Notes will be in such denominations as may be specified in the 
applicable Accessory Conditions in accordance with all relevant 
laws, regulations and directives, provided that (i) the minimum 
specified denomination shall in each case be €100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the 
Notes) and (ii) unless otherwise permitted by the then current laws 
and regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated in sterling) 
which have a maturity of less than one year and in respect of 
which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the 
United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a 
contravention of Section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (“FSMA”) will have a minimum denomination of the 
greater of €100,000 and £100,000 (or their equivalent in other 
currencies).  
Notes issued by the Irish Issuer with 
a maturity of less than one year: 
Where the Irish Issuer wishes to issue Notes with a maturity of 
less than one year, it shall ensure that it is in full compliance with

--- Page 16 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
16
the conditions set out in Notice BSD C01/02 issued by the Central 
Bank of Ireland dated 12 November 2002 and in accordance with 
an exemption granted under section 8(2) of the Central Bank Act, 
1971 (as amended) of Ireland, including that the Notes comply 
with, inter alia, the following criteria: 
(i) 
at the time of issue, the Notes must be backed by assets to 
at least 100 per cent. of the value of the Notes issued; 
(ii) 
at the time of issue, the Notes must be rated at least 
investment grade by one or more recognised rating agencies; 
(iii) the Notes must be issued and transferable in minimum 
denominations 
of 
€300,000 
or 
the 
foreign 
currency 
equivalent; 
(iv) the Notes carry the title “Commercial Paper” (unless 
constituted under the laws of a country other than Ireland 
and, under those laws, the commercial paper carried a 
different title in which case it must carry such title) and must 
identify the issuer by name; 
(v) the Notes state on their face that they are issued in 
accordance with an exemption granted under Section 8(2) of 
the Central Bank Act, 1971, inserted by Section 31 of the 
Central Bank Act, 1989, as amended by Section 70(d) of the 
Central Bank Act, 1997, each amended by the Central Bank 
and Financial Services Authority of Ireland Act, 2004; 
(vi) it must be stated explicitly on the face of the Notes and, 
where applicable, in the contract between the Issuer and the 
holders of the Notes that the investment does not have the 
status of a bank deposit, is not within the scope of the 
Deposit Protection Scheme operated by the Central Bank 
and that the Issuer is not regulated by the Central Bank 
arising from the issue of the Notes; and 
(vii) any issue of Notes which is guaranteed must carry a 
statement to the effect that it is guaranteed and identify the 
guarantor by name. 
Fixed Rate Notes
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in 
each year specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions. 
Floating Rate Notes
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for 
each Series and will be determined on the same basis as the 
floating rate under a notional interest rate swap transaction in the 
relevant 
Specified 
Currency 
governed 
by 
an 
agreement 
incorporating either the 2006 ISDA Definitions or 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, as applicable, each as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (unless the Notes are 
issued by way of Pricing Terms and such Pricing Terms specify 
otherwise).  
Variable-linked Interest Rate Notes
Interest payable on Variable-linked Interest Rate Notes (which will 
only be applicable with respect to Notes issued by way of Pricing 
Terms) will be determined in the manner and by reference to the 
formula specified in the applicable Pricing Terms.

--- Page 17 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
17
Zero Coupon Notes
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their principal amount, at a 
discount to it or at a premium to it and will not bear interest unless 
payment under the Notes on the due date for redemption is 
improperly withheld or refused. 
Credit Linked Notes 
Credit Linked Notes may be issued in accordance with the 
Additional CLN Conditions. Such Notes are exposed to the credit 
risk of the relevant Reference Entit(y)(ies) and may redeem in 
whole or in part upon the occurrence of a Credit Event and a 
corresponding Event Determination Date, as further specified in 
the applicable Pricing Terms. 
The applicable Pricing Terms will specify whether the Credit 
Linked Notes are (a) Single Name CLNs or (b) Linear Basket 
CLNs. 
Interest Periods and Rates of 
Interest
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
rate of interest or its method of calculation may differ from time to 
time or be constant for any Series. All such information will be set 
out in the applicable Accessory Conditions. 
Redemption
The applicable Accessory Conditions will specify the basis for 
calculating the redemption amounts payable. Unless permitted by 
then current laws and regulations, Notes (including Notes 
denominated in sterling) which have a maturity of less than one 
year and in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be 
accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue 
otherwise constitutes a contravention of Section 19 of FSMA must 
have a minimum redemption amount of the greater of €100,000 
and £100,000 (or their equivalent in other currencies) per Note. 
Redemption by Instalments
Where a Series is redeemable in two or more instalments, the 
applicable Accessory Conditions will set out the dates on which, 
and the amounts in which, such Notes may be redeemed. 
Early Redemption for Events of 
Default, Tax or Other Reasons
The Notes may be redeemed prior to or following the Maturity 
Date upon the occurrence of:  
(i) 
certain tax events with respect to the Notes or the Original 
Collateral;  
(ii) 
certain events with respect to the Original Collateral (which 
includes the Original Collateral being redeemed or repaid 
prior to its scheduled maturity date (other than a scheduled 
amortisation of the Original Collateral) and certain default 
events relating to the Original Collateral – for further 
information see the section of this Base Prospectus titled 
“Risk Factors” and the risk factor “Risks relating to the Notes 
– Early redemption for Events of Default, tax or other 
reasons” therein); 
(iii) the termination of the Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement 
or the SL Agreement;  
(iv) the bankruptcy of the Swap Counterparty, the Repo 
Counterparty or the SL Counterparty; 
(v) it becoming unlawful for the Issuer to perform its obligations 
in respect of the Notes;

--- Page 18 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
18
(vi) certain disruption events with respect to a relevant Original 
Collateral Reference Rate;  
(vii) certain disruption events with respect to a relevant Reference 
Rate;  
(viii) an Issuer Call Condition being satisfied;  
(ix) a Noteholder Early Redemption Option being exercised;  
(x) an “Additional Redemption Event” as specified in the 
applicable Pricing Terms; or  
(xi) an Event of Default with respect to the Notes. 
Any redemption following the Maturity Date would be as a result of 
a redemption being triggered prior to the Maturity Date but with 
the resultant liquidation or enforcement process not being 
completed until after the Maturity Date. 
If one of the above events occurs, the Disposal Agent may be 
required to liquidate the Collateral or the Trustee may enforce the 
Security following the occurrence of an Enforcement Event (as the 
case may be). The amount payable to Noteholders in such 
circumstances will be the Early Redemption Amount. 
The Early Redemption Amount will be an amount per Note equal 
to either:  
(a) in respect of each Note (other than an Exercised Note), that 
Note’s pro rata share of: 
(I) 
the proceeds of liquidation or realisation of the 
Collateral available to the Issuer or the Trustee (as 
the case may be); plus 
(II) 
any termination payment payable to the Issuer by the 
Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty and/or the 
SL Counterparty on the termination of the Swap 
Agreement, the Repo Agreement and/or the SL 
Agreement (if any); minus  
(III) 
any termination payment payable to the Swap 
Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty and/or the SL 
Counterparty by the Issuer on the termination of the 
Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement and/or the SL 
Agreement (if any),  
(unless the Notes are issued by way of Pricing Terms and 
such Pricing Terms specify otherwise); or 
(b) in respect of each Exercised Note then outstanding, the 
Physical Redemption Amount plus any Non-Physically 
Deliverable Early Redemption Amount. 
The Early Redemption Amount of a Note may be less than or may 
have a value of less than the Specified Denomination of that Note 
and may be zero. 
If the Issuer fails to pay and/or deliver (I) any Early Redemption 
Amount that has become due and payable on the relevant Early 
Redemption Date, (II) any amount of interest or principal or any 
instalment amount on the Notes that has become due and

--- Page 19 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
19
payable on the Maturity Date by the Relevant Payment Date or 
(III) any amount due and payable to the Swap Counterparty, the 
Repo Counterparty or the SL Counterparty on the relevant due 
date for payment under the Swap Agreement, the Repo 
Agreement or the SL Agreement (as applicable) relating to that 
Series (but only if the Issuer has already paid in full any amount 
due and payable to the Noteholders and the Couponholders of 
that Series), the Trustee may (and if (A) requested in writing by 
holders of at least 20 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount 
of the Notes then outstanding, (B) directed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution or (C) directed in writing by the Swap Counterparty, the 
Repo Counterparty or the SL Counterparty (whichever shall be the 
first to so request or direct) shall), provided in each case that the 
Trustee shall have been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-
funded to its satisfaction and provided that the Trustee has given 
an Enforcement Notice to the Issuer, the Custodian, the Swap 
Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty, the SL Counterparty and 
any Disposal Agent appointed at that time, upon the occurrence of 
the related Enforcement Event, enforce the Security constituted by 
the Trust Deed and/or any Security Documents (if applicable), 
subject to the provisions of the Trust Deed. 
In addition, on a redemption of the Notes other than on the 
Maturity Date or on an Instalment Date at the Instalment Amount, 
the Issuer or (from the date on which any Enforcement Notice is 
given by the Trustee following the occurrence of an Enforcement 
Event) the Trustee (as the case may be) will apply available sums 
in accordance with the order of priority set out in “Master 
Conditions – Condition 15 (Application of Available Proceeds)”. 
Such sums may not be sufficient to meet the claims of the 
Secured Creditors against the Issuer in respect of the Series and, 
accordingly, following application in accordance with the order of 
priority, there may not be sufficient sums available to satisfy the 
Issuer’s obligation to pay the Early Redemption Amount in full or 
at all. See “Limited Recourse and Non-Petition” above. 
Status of Notes
The Notes will be (i) secured, limited recourse obligations of the 
Issuer ranking pari passu without any preference among 
themselves, and (ii) secured in the manner described in “Master 
Conditions – Condition 5 (Security)”. Recourse in respect of any 
Series will be limited to the Mortgaged Property for that Series. 
Claims of Noteholders, the Trustee, the Swap Counterparty, the 
Repo Counterparty, the SL Counterparty, the Custodian, the 
Issuing and Paying Agent and any other Secured Creditor shall 
rank in accordance with the priorities specified in “Master 
Conditions – Condition 15 (Application of Available Proceeds)” as 
it may be amended by the applicable Accessory Conditions. 
Restrictions
So long as any Note is outstanding, the Issuer shall not, without 
the prior written consent of the Trustee or the sanction of an 
Extraordinary Resolution or the prior consent in writing of the 
Swap Counterparty, and except as provided for or contemplated in 
the Conditions or any Transaction Document, engage in any

--- Page 20 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
20
business other than the issuance or entry into of Obligations, the 
entry into of related agreements and transactions, the acquisition 
and holding of related assets and the performing of acts incidental 
thereto or necessary in connection therewith, and provided that: 
(i) 
such Obligations are secured on assets of the Issuer other 
than any fees paid to the Issuer (for its own account) in 
connection with the Notes or other Obligations and any 
assets securing any other Obligations (other than Equivalent 
Obligations) of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
such Obligations and any related agreements contain limited 
recourse and non-petition provisions; and 
(iii) the terms of such Obligations comply with all applicable laws. 
In addition, the Issuer will be subject to certain other restrictions 
as specified in “Master Conditions – Condition 6 (Restrictions)”. 
Cross Default
None. 
Rating
It is anticipated that certain Series may be rated by Fitch, JCR, 
Moody’s, R&I and/or S&P or any other Rating Agency as may be 
specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions. 
Where an issue of Notes is to be rated, such rating will be 
specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any 
time by the assigning rating agency.  
Withholding Tax
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made subject to any 
withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or 
future taxes, duties or charges of whatsoever nature that the 
Issuer, the Trustee or any Agent is required by applicable law to 
make (and any withholding required by an Information Reporting 
Regime shall be deemed to be required by applicable law). In that 
event, the Issuer, the Trustee or such Agent shall make such 
payment after such withholding or deduction has been made and 
shall account to the relevant authorities for the amount(s) so 
required to be withheld or deducted. None of the Issuer, the 
Trustee or any Agent will be obliged to make any additional 
payments to Noteholders in respect of such withholding or 
deduction. 
Further Issues
The Issuer may, from time to time, issue further Notes of any 
Series (or Class thereof) on the same terms (except for the issue 
date, issue price, first payment of interest and principal amount) 
as existing Notes and such further Notes shall be consolidated 
and form a single Series (or Class thereof) with such existing 
Notes of the same Series (or Class thereof), provided that, unless 
otherwise 
approved 
by 
an 
Extraordinary 
Resolution 
of 
Noteholders, the Issuer provides, in accordance with “Master 
Conditions - Condition 6 (Restrictions)”, additional assets as 
security for such further Notes. 
Governing Law
The Notes are governed by English law.

--- Page 21 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
21
Listing and Admission to Trading
Application has been made to list Notes issued under the 
Programme on the Official List and to admit them to trading on the 
Regulated Market.  
Application has been made to list Notes issued under the 
Programme on the Official List and to admit them to trading on 
GEM. 
Application has also been made to list Notes issued under the 
Programme on the Vienna Stock Exchange and admitted to 
trading on the Vienna MTF. 
Notes may be listed and admitted to trading on such other or 
further Stock Exchanges as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the Dealer for the Series and as specified in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions. 
As specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions, a Series may 
be unlisted. 
Selling Restrictions
Each of (i) the United States, (ii) the United Kingdom, (iii) Jersey, 
(iv) Ireland, (v) France, (vi) Hong Kong, (vii) Japan, (viii) the 
People’s Republic of China, (ix) Singapore, (x) Taiwan, (xi) the 
Republic of Korea, (xii) any other jurisdiction relevant to any 
Series and (xiii) retail investors. See the section of this Base 
Prospectus titled “Subscription and Sale”. 
U.S. TEFRA Categorisation
Notes in bearer form will be issued:  
(i) 
in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or 
any successor rules in substantially the same form that are 
applicable for the purposes of section 4701 of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended) (“TEFRA C”); 
(ii) 
in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or 
any successor rules in substantially the same form that are 
applicable for the purposes of section 4701 of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended) (“TEFRA D”); 
or  
(iii) other than in compliance with TEFRA D or TEFRA C but in 
circumstances in which the Notes will not constitute 
“registration required obligations” under the United States 
Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 (“TEFRA”), 
which circumstances will be referred to in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions as a transaction to which TEFRA is not 
applicable. 
Transaction Structure Diagram 
The diagram below is intended to provide an overview of the 
structure of a standard repackaging transaction. Prospective 
Noteholders should also review the detailed information set out 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and the specific Series 
Prospectus for a description of the transaction structure and 
relevant cashflows prior to making any investment decision. In 
the 
diagram 
below 
dotted 
lines 
represent 
contractual 
relationships and solid lines represent cashflows.

--- Page 22 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
22
Issuing and Paying Agent 
Disposal Agent 
Registrar/Transfer Agent 
Calculation Agent 
Trustee 
Custodian 
Noteholder 
Mintaka Limited or 
Premium Green PLC 
(as applicable) 
(“Issuer”) 
Administrator 
Original 
Collateral 
Obligor 
Benefit of Issuer 
security 
Payments under 
the Notes 
Trust Deed 
Collateral 
payments  
(if any) 
Agency 
Agreement 
Corporate  
Services Agreement
Swap 
Counterparty 
Scheduled 
payments 
due on 
Collateral
Scheduled interest 
amounts and Final 
Redemption Amount
Custody 
Agreement
Repo 
Counterparty / 
SL 
Counterparty 
Repo 
Agreement / 
SL 
Agreement

--- Page 23 ---
RISK FACTORS 
23
RISK FACTORS
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes 
issued under the Programme.
Factors which the Issuer believes may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated 
with Notes issued under the Programme are also described below.
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Notes 
issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in 
connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons and the Issuer does not represent that the statements 
below regarding the risks of holding any Notes are exhaustive. Prospective investors should also read the 
detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by 
reference herein) and the applicable Accessory Conditions, and reach their own views prior to making any 
investment decision. 
1 
Risks relating to the Issuer 
(a) 
The Issuer is a special purpose vehicle 
The Issuer is a special purpose vehicle established for the purpose of raising of money by issuing 
Notes or entering into certain other obligations, in each case for the purposes of purchasing or 
achieving exposure to assets and entering into related derivatives and other contracts. The Issuer 
has covenanted (amongst other things) that, so long as any Note is outstanding, it will not, except 
as otherwise provided for or contemplated in the Conditions or any Transaction Document, 
engage in any business, subject always to the restrictions set out in the Trust Deed and the 
Conditions.  
For further information on the restrictions on the Issuer’s activities, see the section of this Base 
Prospectus entitled (i) with respect to the Jersey Issuer, “Description of the Jersey Issuer – 
Special Purpose Vehicle” and (ii) with respect to the Irish Issuer, “Description of the Irish Issuer – 
Special Purpose Vehicle”.  
As such, the Issuer has, and will have, no assets other than such fees (as agreed) payable to it in 
connection with the issue of Notes or entry into other Obligations from time to time and any 
Mortgaged Property and any other assets on which Notes or other Obligations are secured.  
(b) 
Consequences of winding-up proceedings  
The Issuer is structured to be an insolvency-remote vehicle. 
The Issuer shall only contract with parties who agree not to make any application for the 
commencement of winding-up, or bankruptcy or similar proceedings against the Issuer. Legal 
proceedings initiated against the Issuer in breach of these provisions shall, in principle, be 
declared inadmissible by (i) with respect to the Jersey Issuer, a Jersey court, and (ii) with respect 
to the Irish Issuer, an Irish court. 
However, if the Issuer fails for any reason to meet its obligations or liabilities, a creditor who has 
not (and cannot be deemed to have) accepted non-petition and limited recourse provisions in 
respect of the Issuer is entitled to make an application for the commencement of insolvency 
proceedings against the Issuer. 
Furthermore, the commencement of such proceedings may, in certain conditions, entitle creditors 
to terminate contracts with the Issuer and claim damages for any loss suffered as a result of such 
early termination.

--- Page 24 ---
RISK FACTORS 
24
The Issuer is insolvency-remote, not insolvency-proof.
(c) 
Evolution of international fiscal policy  
The Issuer may seek to rely on double taxation treaties concluded between (i) with respect to the 
Jersey Issuer, Jersey, and (ii) with respect to the Irish Issuer, Ireland and, in each case, other 
states, particularly in respect of income and gains of the Issuer. Whilst each double taxation treaty 
needs to be considered individually taking into account fiscal practices primarily of the country 
from whom relief is sought, a number of requirements need to be met. These requirements may 
include ensuring that an entity is resident in Jersey or Ireland (as applicable), is subject to taxation 
on income and gains in Jersey or Ireland (as applicable) and is also the beneficial owner of such 
income and gains. There can be no certainty that the Issuer will be able to rely on double tax 
treaties because fiscal practice in relation to the construction of double tax treaties and the 
operation of the administrative processes surrounding those treaties may be subject to change. 
For example, fiscal practice could evolve such that the Issuer could be regarded as not being the 
beneficial owner because the overriding commercial object of the Issuer is to allocate income and 
gains, less certain expenses and losses, for the benefit of Noteholders, and the Issuer is entitled 
to a tax deduction in respect of that allocation and, as such, the Issuer would not be able to rely on 
a double taxation treaty on its own behalf. Also, upon the entry into force of the Multilateral 
Convention to Implement Tax Treaty Related Measures to Prevent Base Erosion and Profit 
Shifting (“BEPS”) signed on 7 June 2017, participating jurisdictions may require the principal 
purpose test to be met in order to benefit from a double taxation treaty. Jersey has adopted the 
Multilateral Convention to Implement Tax Treaty Related Measures to prevent BEPS (the “MLI”) 
by an instrument of ratification dated 24 November 2017 and it deposited its instrument of 
ratification with the OECD on 15 December 2017. The MLI has also entered into force in Ireland. 
The date from which provisions of the MLI have effect in relation to a double taxation treaty will 
depend on several factors, including, the type of tax which the relevant treaty relates to. If the 
Issuer is unable to rely on such double taxation treaties, this may result in the Notes being the 
subject of an early redemption and any tax payable by the Issuer in such circumstances could 
reduce the Early Redemption Amount payable to Noteholders. See the risk factor titled “Risks 
relating to the Notes – Early redemption for Events of Default, tax or other reasons” below. 
(d) 
FATCA and the possibility of U.S. withholding tax on payments 
(i) 
Background 
Pursuant to certain provisions of U.S. law, commonly known as FATCA, a withholding tax is 
imposed on (i) certain U.S. source payments and (ii) beginning on the date that is two years 
after the date of publication in the U.S. Federal Register of final regulations defining the 
term “foreign passthru payment”, payments made by “foreign financial institutions” that are 
treated as foreign passthru payments. This withholding tax is imposed on such payments 
made to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. 
The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions 
have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the 
United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies 
in their jurisdictions.  
With respect to the Jersey Issuer, Jersey has signed such an IGA (the “Jersey IGA”). 
Jersey has also signed, along with a substantial number of other countries, a multilateral 
competent authority agreement to implement the OECD Standard for Automatic Exchange 
of Financial Account Information – Common Reporting Standard (“CRS” and together with 
the Jersey IGA, “AEOI”). Jersey regulations have been issued to give effect to the Jersey 
IGA and CRS (collectively, the “Jersey AEOI Regulations”). The Jersey government has

--- Page 25 ---
RISK FACTORS 
25
issued guidance notes in respect of the CRS in Jersey which are supplementary to the core 
guidance issued by the OECD. There are also separate guidance notes in respect of the 
Jersey IGA.  
With respect to the Irish Issuer, on 21 December 2012, the governments of Ireland and the 
United States signed an agreement to improve international tax compliance and to 
implement FATCA (the “Ireland IGA”). The Financial Accounts Reporting (United States of 
America) Regulations 2014 were issued to give effect to the Ireland IGA and the Revenue 
Commissioners of Ireland have issued guidance notes in respect of the implementation of 
FATCA in Ireland (as amended from time to time).  
Certain aspects of the application of FATCA to instruments or agreements such as the 
Collateral, the Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement, the SL Agreement and the Notes, 
including whether withholding on foreign passthru payments would ever be required 
pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments or agreements such 
as the Collateral, the Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement, the SL Agreement and/or the 
Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. 
(ii) 
Possible impact on payments on Original Collateral or under the Swap Agreement, 
the Repo Agreement or the SL Agreement (if any) 
If the Issuer fails to comply with its obligations under FATCA (including, (i) with respect to 
the Jersey Issuer, the Jersey AEOI Regulations and (ii) with respect to the Irish Issuer, the 
Financial Accounts Reporting (United States of America) Regulations 2014), it may be 
subject to FATCA Withholding on all, or a portion of, payments it receives with respect to 
the Original Collateral, the Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement or the SL Agreement (in 
each case, if any). Any such withholding would, in turn, result in the Issuer having 
insufficient funds from which to make payments that would otherwise have become due in 
respect of the Notes, the Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement or the SL Agreement with 
respect to a Series. No other funds will be available to the Issuer or any other Transaction 
Party to make up any such shortfall and, as a result, the Issuer may not have sufficient 
funds to satisfy its payment obligations to Noteholders. Additionally, if payments to the 
Issuer in respect of the Original Collateral are, will become or are deemed on any test date 
to be subject to FATCA Withholding, the Notes will be subject to early redemption (see the 
risk factor titled “Risks relating to the Notes – Early redemption for Events of Default, tax or 
other reasons” below). No assurance can be given that the Issuer can or will comply with its 
obligations under FATCA or that the Issuer will not be subject to FATCA Withholding. 
(iii) 
Possible redemption of the Notes 
If the Issuer determines that any Noteholder, Couponholder or beneficial owner of Notes 
has failed to provide sufficient forms, documentation or other information in accordance 
with Conditions 12(b) (Provision of Information) such that any payment received by the 
Issuer may be subject to a deduction or withholding or the Issuer may suffer a fine or 
penalty, in each case, pursuant to an Information Reporting Regime, the Notes shall 
redeem early at their Early Redemption Amount (as further described in the risk factor titled 
“Risks relating to the Notes – Early redemption for Events of Default, tax or other reasons” 
below).  
FATCA is particularly complex and its application to the Issuer, the Notes and the Noteholders is 
subject to change.

--- Page 26 ---
RISK FACTORS 
26
(e) 
Information reporting obligations and FATCA Amendments 
Information relating to the Notes, their holders and beneficial owners may be required to be 
provided to tax authorities in certain circumstances pursuant to domestic or international reporting 
and transparency regimes (including, without limitation, in relation to FATCA). This may include 
(but is not limited to) information relating to the value of the Notes, amounts paid or credited with 
respect to the Notes, details of the holders or beneficial owners of the Notes and information and 
documents in connection with transactions relating to the Notes. In certain circumstances, the 
information obtained by a tax authority may be provided to tax authorities in other countries. Some 
jurisdictions operate a withholding system in place of, or in addition to, such provision of 
information requirements. Pursuant to the Conditions and subject to certain limitations, a holder or 
beneficial owner of Notes is required to provide information reasonably requested by the Issuer 
and/or any agent acting on behalf of the Issuer for purposes of the Issuer’s or such agent’s 
compliance with applicable information reporting regimes. If, for a Series, any Noteholder or 
beneficial owner fails to provide any information so requested by the Issuer, the Issuer may 
withhold amounts from Noteholders (including intermediaries through which such Notes are held) 
or such Series may be the subject of an early redemption. 
Additionally, the Issuer is permitted, subject to the fulfilment of certain requirements set out in 
Condition 12(c) (FATCA Amendments), to make any amendments (other than an amendment that 
would require a “special quorum resolution” as defined in the Trust Deed) to the terms of the 
Notes, the Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement, the SL Agreement and any other Transaction 
Document (except for the Programme Deed) as may be necessary to enable the Issuer to comply 
with its obligations under FATCA (including, (i) with respect to the Jersey Issuer, the Jersey AEOI 
Regulations and (ii) with respect to the Irish Issuer, the Financial Accounts Reporting (United 
States of America) Regulations 2014)) or its obligations under any legislation or agreements 
relating to any applicable Information Reporting Regime and any such amendment will be binding 
on the Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
All Jersey “Financial Institutions” are required to comply with the registration, due diligence and 
reporting requirements of the Jersey AEOI Regulations, unless they are able to rely on an 
exemption that allows them to become a “Non-Reporting Financial Institution” (as defined in the 
relevant Jersey AEOI Regulations) with respect to one or more of the AEOI regimes. The Jersey 
Issuer does not propose to rely on any Non-Reporting Financial Institution exemption and 
therefore intends to comply with all of the requirements of the Jersey AEOI Regulations. Each 
owner of an interest in the Notes will be required to provide the Jersey Issuer or its agents with 
information necessary to comply with such requirements and the failure to do so may result in a 
forced transfer of the Notes. 
The Jersey AEOI Regulations require the Jersey Issuer to, amongst other things (i) register with 
the IRS to obtain a Global Intermediary Identification Number (a “GIIN”) (in the context of the 
Jersey IGA only), (ii) register with, and notify, the Comptroller of Revenue in Jersey of Issuer’s 
status as a “Reporting Financial Institution”, (iii) conduct due diligence on its accounts to identify 
whether any such accounts are considered “Reportable Accounts” and (iv) report information on 
such Reportable Accounts to the Comptroller of Revenue in Jersey. The Comptroller of Revenue 
in Jersey will transmit the information reported to it to the overseas fiscal authority relevant to a 
reportable account (i.e. the IRS in the case of a U.S. Reportable Account) annually on an 
automatic basis. 
With regard to the Irish Issuer, under the Ireland IGA, an entity classified as a non-U.S. financial 
institution (“FFI") that is treated as resident in Ireland is expected to provide the Irish tax 
authorities with certain information on U.S. holders of its securities. Information on U.S. holders 
will be automatically exchanged with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. The Irish Issuer may be

--- Page 27 ---
RISK FACTORS 
27
treated as an FFI and provided it complies with the requirements of the Ireland IGA and the Irish 
legislation implementing the Ireland IGA, it should not be subject to FATCA withholding on any 
payments it receives. Although the Irish Issuer will attempt to satisfy any obligations imposed on it 
to avoid the imposition of the FATCA withholding tax (and Noteholders and Couponholders will be 
required to provide the Irish Issuer with such information and certifications as are necessary for 
the Irish Issuer to satisfy such obligations), no assurance can be given that the Irish Issuer will be 
able to satisfy these obligations. 
Neither a Noteholder nor a beneficial owner of Notes will be entitled to any additional amounts if 
FATCA Withholding or any other withholding or deduction or charge in connection with an 
Information Reporting Regime is imposed on any payments on or with respect to the Notes. As a 
result, Noteholders may receive less interest or principal, as applicable, than expected. 
Each Noteholder should consult its own tax adviser to obtain a more detailed explanation of 
FATCA and the other Information Reporting Regimes and to learn how FATCA and the other 
Information Reporting Regimes might affect such Noteholder in light of its particular 
circumstances. 
(f) 
Regulation of the Issuer by any regulatory authority 
Save for if the Issuer is the Jersey Issuer, the consent under Article 4 of the Control of Borrowing 
(Jersey) Order 1958 to the issue of the Notes issued by the JFSC, the Issuer is not required to be 
licensed, registered or authorised under any current securities, commodities, insurance or banking 
laws or regulations of its jurisdiction of incorporation. There is no assurance, however, that in the 
future such regulatory authorities would not take a contrary view regarding the applicability of any 
such laws or regulations to the Issuer. There is also no assurance that the regulatory authorities in 
other jurisdictions would not require the Issuer to be licensed or authorised under any securities, 
commodities, insurance or banking laws or regulations of those jurisdictions. Any requirement to 
be licensed or authorised could have an adverse effect on the Issuer and could give rise to 
circumstances that could result in the early redemption of the Notes, which may prove to be 
adverse to the holders of the Notes. 
(g) 
No registration as investment company 
The Issuer has not been registered as an investment company under the Investment Company 
Act. No opinion or no-action position has been requested of the U.S. Securities and Exchange 
Commission (the “SEC”) in respect of such non-registration. If the SEC or a court of competent 
jurisdiction were to find that the Issuer is required to register as an investment company but, in 
violation of the Investment Company Act, had failed to do so, possible consequences include, but 
are not limited to, the SEC applying to enjoin the violation, Noteholders suing the Issuer to recover 
any damages caused by the violation and any contract to which the Issuer is a party made in 
violation or whose performance involves a violation of the Investment Company Act being 
unenforceable unless enforcing such contract would produce a more equitable result. Should the 
Issuer be subjected to any or all of the foregoing or to any other consequences, the Issuer would 
be materially and adversely affected. 
2 
Additional risks relating to the Irish Issuer
(a) 
Corporation tax – Deductibility of interest 
Profit dependent or commercially excessive interest amounts 
Under the rules set out in Section 110 (the “Section 110 Regime”) of the Taxes Consolidation Act 
1997, as amended, of Ireland (the “TCA”), interest or other distributions may be re-characterised 
as a non-deductible distribution where the payment is made to a person which is not resident in

--- Page 28 ---
RISK FACTORS 
28
Ireland for tax purposes and which is not otherwise within the charge to corporation tax in Ireland 
and which is a “specified person”. 
A “specified person” in relation to the Irish Issuer for these purposes means: (A) a company which 
indirectly (i) controls the Irish Issuer, (ii) is controlled by the Irish Issuer, or (iii) is controlled by a 
third company which also directly or indirectly controls the Irish Issuer; or (B) a person, or persons 
who are connected with each other, (i) from whom assets were acquired, (ii) to whom the Irish 
Issuer has made loans or advances, (iii) to whom loans or advances held by the Irish Issuer were 
made, or (iv) with whom the qualifying company has entered into specified agreements (as 
defined by Section 110 TCA), where the aggregate value of such assets, loans, advances or 
agreements represents not less than 75 per cent of the aggregate value of the “qualifying assets” 
(as defined by Section 110 TCA) of the Irish Issuer.  
A person has “control” of the Irish Issuer for these purposes where that person has (a) the power 
to secure by means of the holding of shares or the possession of voting power in or in relation to 
the Irish Issuer or any other company, or by virtue of any powers conferred by the constitution, 
articles of association or other document regulating the Irish Issuer or any other company, that the 
affairs of the Irish Issuer are conducted in accordance with the wishes of that person, or (b) 
“significant influence” (being the ability to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions 
of a company) over the Irish Issuer and holds an entitlement to more than 20 per cent. of the 
shares in the Irish Issuer, 20 per cent by principal value of the debt carrying profit-dependent or 
excessive interest issued by the Irish Issuer (or any securities with no par value) or 20 per cent. of 
the interest on such securities. 
The operation of the Section 110 Regime could result in tax deductions for payment of interest by 
the Irish Issuer to such specified persons on any Notes, the return on which is dependent on the 
results of the Irish Issuer’s business or exceeds a commercial rate of return, being non deductible 
and potentially subject to dividend withholding tax if the conditions above are met. 
Irish Specified Property Business 
Interest or other distributions paid out on the Notes issued by the Irish Issuer which are profit 
dependent (to the extent to which such distributions exceed a reasonable commercial rate of 
return as determined at the creation of such Note) or any part of which exceeds a reasonable 
commercial return may not be deductible in full to the extent that the interest is associated with a 
‘specified property business’ carried on by a qualifying company (such as the Irish Issuer). A 
‘specified property business’ of a qualifying company means, subject to a number of exceptions, a 
business of holding ‘specified mortgages’, units in an IREF (being a specified form of investment 
undertaking within the meaning of Chapter 1B of Part 27 of the TCA) or shares that derive their 
value or the greater part of their value, directly or indirectly, from Irish land. A ‘specified mortgage’ 
for this purpose is (a) a loan which is secured on, and which derives its value from, or the greater 
part of its value from, directly or indirectly, Irish land, (b) a ‘specified agreement’ (effectively a 
profit dependent derivative) which derives its value, or the greater part of its value, directly or 
indirectly, from Irish land or a loan to which (a) applies, or (c) the portion of a specified security 
(essentially a security carrying profit dependant or commercially excessive return in respect of 
which, if these specified property business rules did not apply to it, payments on that security 
would be deductible under Section 110 of the TCA) treated as attributable to the specified 
property business in accordance with the rules. 
The legislation treats the holding of such assets as a separate business to the rest of the 
qualifying company’s activities (if any). The qualifying company is taxed on any profit that is 
attributable to that business at 25 per cent. and any such interest that is profit dependent or that

--- Page 29 ---
RISK FACTORS 
29
part of any interest which exceeds a reasonable commercial return is not deductible, subject to a 
number of exceptions. 
However, on the basis that the Irish Issuer will not acquire ‘specified mortgages’ (within the 
meaning of Section 110 of the TCA), units in an IREF (being a specified form of investment 
undertaking within the meaning of Chapter 1B, Part 27 of the TCA) or shares that derive the 
greater part of their value, directly or indirectly, from Irish land, the Irish Issuer should not be 
carrying on a specified property business. 
(b) 
OECD Action Plan on Base Erosion and Profit Shifting 
Fiscal and taxation policy and practice is constantly evolving and recently the pace of change has 
increased due to a number of developments. In particular a number of changes of law and 
practice are occurring as a result of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and 
Development (“OECD”) BEPs project. 
In July 2013 the OECD published its Action Plan on BEPS, which proposed fifteen actions 
intended to counter international tax base erosion and profit shifting. Subsequently, on 5 October 
2015 the OECD published final reports, analyses and sets of recommendations for all of the 
fifteen actions it identified as part of its Action Plan. 
Investors should note that other action points (such as Action 4, which can deny deductions for 
financing costs) may be implemented in a manner which affects the tax position of the Irish Issuer. 
(c) 
EU Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive and EU Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive 2 
As part of its anti-tax avoidance package, and to provide a framework for a harmonised 
implementation of the BEPS conclusions across the EU, the EU Council adopted Council Directive 
(EU) 2016/1164 (the “ATAD 1”) on 12 July 2016. 
The EU Council adopted Council Directive (EU) 2017/952 (the “ATAD 2” and together with ATAD 
1, “ATAD”) on 29 May 2017, amending the ATAD 1, to provide for minimum standards for 
counteracting hybrid mismatches involving EU member states and third countries. 
EU member states had until 31 December 2018 to implement ATAD 1 (subject, in certain cases, 
to derogations for EU member states which have equivalent measures in their domestic law) and 
until 31 December 2019 to implement the ATAD 2 (except for measures relating to reverse hybrid 
mismatches, which were required to be implemented by 31 December 2021). 
The Directives contain various measures that could, depending on their implementation in Ireland, 
potentially result in certain payments made by the Irish Issuer ceasing to be fully deductible. This 
could increase the Irish Issuer’s liability to tax and reduce the amounts available for payments on 
the Notes. 
There are two measures of particular relevance. 
First, ATAD provides for an “interest limitation rule” which restricts the deductibility of the entity’s 
net borrowing costs (being the amount by which its borrowing costs exceed its taxable interest 
revenues and other economically equivalent taxable revenues) to the higher of (a) EUR 3,000,000 
or (b) 30% of its EBITDA. This measure has been introduced in Ireland with effect for accounting 
periods commencing on or after 1 January 2022. These new rules may not impact the Irish Issuer 
if (i) it does not have excess borrowing costs or (ii) it qualifies as a “single company worldwide 
group”, as defined in the implementing legislation and does not make any interest or interest 
equivalent payments to associated enterprises (within the meaning of the hybrid mismatch rules). 
It is currently anticipated that the Irish Issuer will qualify as a “single company worldwide group” 
and it is not expected that the Irish Issuer will make any interest or interest equivalent payments to

--- Page 30 ---
RISK FACTORS 
30
associated enterprises, which means the Irish Issuer may use the “equity ratio” rule (as defined in 
the implementing legislation) such that it should not suffer a restriction.  
There remains some uncertainty in relation to the interpretation of these new rules however. 
Secondly, the ATAD provides for hybrid mismatch rules. These rules are designed to neutralise 
arrangements where amounts are deductible from the income of one entity but are not taxable for 
another, or the same amounts are deductible for two entities. These rules could potentially apply 
to the Irish Issuer where: (i) the interest that it pays under the Notes, and claims deductions from 
its taxable income for, is not brought into account as taxable income by the relevant Noteholder, 
either because of the characterisation of the Notes, or the payments made under them, or 
because of the nature of the Noteholder itself; and (ii) the mismatch arises between associated 
enterprises, between the Irish Issuer and an associated enterprise or under a structured 
arrangement. It is not expected that the Irish Issuer will make any interest or interest equivalent 
payments to associated enterprises, however if the Irish Issuer has an associated enterprise, 
unless there is a hybrid mismatch, the measures should not impact payments on the Notes. In 
such scenario, the relevant Irish Issuer could be denied a deduction for such payment, which 
would result in increased taxable profits for the Issuer and, therefore, an increased tax liability. 
For the purposes of the hybrid rules, a structured arrangement is one involving a mismatch 
outcome where the mismatch outcome is priced into the terms of the arrangement or the 
arrangement was designed to give rise to a mismatch outcome. Absent any guidance from the 
Irish Revenue Commissioners on how they will approach structured arrangements in practice, it is 
not yet clear if this would apply to the transaction to bring it within scope of the hybrid rules. 
(d) 
OECD Model GloBE Rules and the Implementation of the Council Directive on GloBE Rules 
in Ireland 
On 20 December 2021, the OECD published the draft Global Anti-Base Erosion Model Rules 
which are aimed at ensuring that Multinational Enterprises (“MNEs”) are subject to a global 
minimum effective tax rate of 15 per cent. A directive to implement the rules on minimum effective 
taxation in the EU (the “Pillar 2 Directive”) was adopted by the Council of the EU on 15 
December 2022. 
The Pillar 2 Directive introduces a minimum effective tax rate of 15 per cent. for MNEs (or large-
scale domestic groups) with consolidated revenues of at least EUR 750 million for at least two of 
the previous four fiscal years which are operating in the EU's internal market and beyond. It 
provides a common framework for implementing a set of three complementary rules known as the 
GLoBE rules comprising of the (qualified) domestic top up tax (“DTT”), the income inclusion rule 
(“IIR”), and a backstop rule known as the undertaxed profit rule (“UTPR”). The DTT ensures that 
the 15 per cent. rate applies to relevant companies operating in each Member State. The IIR 
requires the ultimate parent entity of the group to look down through its group on a jurisdiction-by-
jurisdiction basis and in the event that any of its subsidiaries do not pay an effective tax rate of 15 
per cent. the ultimate parent entity would have to pay a top-up tax for low taxed entities in a 
jurisdiction. The UTPR acts as a backstop rule to tax profits not subject to DTT or IIR, i.e. where 
the group does not apply or fully impose the top-up tax under the IIR rule, additional top-up tax 
can be collected at the subsidiary as opposed to ultimate parent entity level. The Pillar 2 Directive 
was required to be transposed by all EU Member States by 31 December 2023. The implementing 
Irish legislation is contained in the Irish Finance (No. 2) Act 2023 and applies for accounting 
periods commencing on or after 31 December 2023 (the “Irish Pillar 2 Legislation”). 
The Irish Issuer could be within the scope of the Irish Pillar 2 Legislation if (i) it is regarded as part 
of an MNE group or a large-scale domestic group which has revenues of more than EUR 750 
million a year, or (ii) it is a standalone entity which has revenues of more than EUR 750 million a

--- Page 31 ---
RISK FACTORS 
31
year. Broadly, the Irish Issuer will be part of an MNE group or a large-scale domestic group for 
these purposes if it is consolidated with other entities under specified financial accounting 
standards (or would be but for certain exceptions). The Irish Issuer does not currently anticipate 
that it will be consolidated into any financial statements in a manner that could bring it within 
scope of the Irish Pillar 2 Legislation.  
To the extent that the Irish Issuer is not a member of a MNE group or a large-scale domestic 
group, it would be considered a standalone entity. Where an Irish standalone entity has revenue in 
excess of EUR 750 million for an accounting period in two of the previous four fiscal years, it may 
have a DTT tax liability within the meaning of the Irish Pillar 2 Legislation. Such a liability would 
arise if it has an effective tax rate of under 15 per cent. (as calculated for the purpose of the Irish 
Pillar 2 Legislation) (“In-Scope Standalone Entity”). On the basis that it is not currently 
anticipated that the Irish Issuer would meet this revenue threshold, it should not be an In-Scope 
Standalone Entity.  
However, the rules contained in the Irish Pillar 2 Legislation are new and complex and it is not yet 
known how the Irish Revenue will interpret or apply them. Therefore, the potential application of 
the Irish Pillar 2 Legislation to the Irish Issuer cannot be determined with certainty. 
(e) 
Examiners, Preferred Creditors under Irish law and Floating charges 
Centre of Main Interest 
The Irish Issuer has its registered office in Ireland. Under Regulation 2015/848/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2015 on insolvency proceedings (recast), the 
Irish Issuer’s centre of main interest (“COMI”) is presumed to be the place of its registered office 
(i.e. Ireland) in the absence of proof to the contrary and provided that the Irish Issuer did not move 
its registered office within the three months prior to a request to open insolvency proceedings. 
As the Irish Issuer’s COMI is presumed to be Ireland, any main insolvency proceedings in respect 
of the Irish Issuer would fall within the jurisdiction of the courts of Ireland. As to what might 
constitute “proof to the contrary” regarding the location of a company’s COMI, the key decision is 
that in Re Eurofood IFSC Ltd ([2004] 4 IR 370 (Irish High Court); [2006] IESC 41 (Irish Supreme 
Court); [2006] Ch 508; ECJ Case C 341/04 (European Court of Justice)), given in respect of the 
equivalent provision in the previous EU Insolvency Regulation (Regulation 1346/2000/EC). In that 
case, on a reference from the Irish Supreme Court, the European Court of Justice concluded that 
“factors which are both objective and ascertainable by third parties” would be needed to 
demonstrate that a company’s actual situation is different from that which the location of its 
registered office is deemed to reflect. For instance, if a company with its registered office in 
Ireland does not carry on any business in Ireland, that could rebut the presumption that the 
company’s COMI is in Ireland. 
The Irish Issuer has its registered office in Ireland, has Irish directors, is registered for tax in 
Ireland and has retained an Irish corporate services provider, the Irish Issuer does not believe that 
factors exist that would rebut the presumption that its COMI is located in Ireland, although this 
would ultimately be a matter for the relevant court to decide based on the circumstances existing 
at the time when it was asked to make that decision. If the Irish Issuer’s COMI was found to be in 
another EU jurisdiction and not in Ireland, main insolvency proceedings would be opened in that 
jurisdiction instead. 
Examinership 
Examinership is a court moratorium/protection procedure which is available under Irish company 
law to facilitate the survival of Irish companies in financial difficulties. Where a company, which 
has its COMI in Ireland is, or is likely to be, unable to pay its debts an examiner may be appointed

--- Page 32 ---
RISK FACTORS 
32
on a petition to the relevant Irish court under Section 509 of the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland 
(as amended). 
The Irish Issuer, the shareholders, directors and a contingent, prospective or actual creditor of the 
Irish Issuer are each entitled to petition the court for the appointment of an examiner. The 
examiner, once appointed, has wide powers binding on the company. 
During the period of protection, the examiner will compile proposals for a compromise or scheme 
of arrangement to assist in the survival of the company or the whole or any part of its undertaking 
as a going concern. A scheme of arrangement may be approved by the relevant Irish Court when 
a minimum of one class of creditors, whose interests are impaired under the proposals, has voted 
in favour of the proposals and the court is satisfied that such proposals are fair and equitable in 
relation to any class of members or creditors who have not accepted the proposals and whose 
interests would be impaired by implementation of the scheme of arrangement and the proposals 
are not unfairly prejudicial to any interested party. 
The fact that the Irish Issuer is a special purpose entity and that all its liabilities are of a limited 
recourse nature means that it is unlikely that an examiner would be appointed to the Irish Issuer. 
If an examiner were appointed while any amounts due by the Irish Issuer under any Notes were 
unpaid, the primary risks to the holders of such Notes would be as follows:  
(i) 
the Trustee, acting on behalf of Noteholders, would not be able to enforce rights against the 
Issuer during the period of examinership; and  
(ii) 
a scheme of arrangement may be approved involving the writing down of the debt due by 
the Issuer to the Noteholders irrespective of the Noteholders’ views. 
Preferred Creditors 
If the Irish Issuer becomes subject to an insolvency proceeding and the Irish Issuer has 
obligations to creditors that are treated under Irish law as creditors that are senior relative to the 
Noteholders, the Noteholders may suffer losses as a result of their subordinated status during 
such insolvency proceedings. In particular: 
(i) 
under the terms of the Trust Deed, the Notes will be secured in favour of the Trustee for the 
benefit of itself and the other Secured Creditors by security over the Mortgaged Property. 
Under Irish law, the claims of creditors holding fixed charges may rank behind other 
creditors (namely fees, costs and expenses of any examiner appointed and certain capital 
gains tax liabilities) and, in the case of fixed charges over book debts, may rank behind 
claims of the Irish Revenue Commissioners for PAYE and VAT;  
(ii) 
under Irish law, for a charge to be characterised as a fixed charge, the charge holder is 
required to exercise the requisite level of control over the assets purported to be charged 
and the proceeds of such assets including any bank account into which such proceeds are 
paid. There is a risk therefore that even a charge which purports to be taken as a fixed 
charge may take effect as a floating charge if a court deems that the requisite level of 
control was not exercised; and  
(iii) 
in an insolvency of the Irish Issuer, the claims of certain other creditors (including the Irish 
Revenue Commissioners for certain unpaid taxes), as well as those of creditors mentioned 
above, will rank in priority to claims of unsecured creditors and claims of creditors holding 
floating charges.

--- Page 33 ---
RISK FACTORS 
33
3 
Risks relating to the Notes
(a) 
Amounts payable to Noteholders on early redemption 
The amount payable to a Noteholder on an early redemption will be an amount per Note equal to 
the Early Redemption Amount, being either:  
(i) 
in respect of each Note (other than an Exercised Note), (A) with respect to Notes issued by 
way of Pricing Terms, the amount specified as such in the applicable Pricing Terms (or the 
amount determined in accordance with the formula or method for determining such amount 
specified therein) or (B) if no such amount is specified in the applicable Pricing Terms, or 
with respect to Notes issued by way of Final Terms, such Note’s pro rata share of (I) the 
proceeds of liquidation or realisation of the Collateral and any other assets in respect of the 
relevant Series available to the Issuer, plus (II) any early termination payment under the 
Swap Agreement payable by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer and/or any early 
termination payment under the Repo Agreement payable by the Repo Counterparty to the 
Issuer and/or any early termination payment under the SL Agreement payable by the SL 
Counterparty to the Issuer, minus (III) any early termination payment under the Swap 
Agreement payable by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty and/or any early termination 
payment under the Repo Agreement payable by the Issuer to the Repo Counterparty 
and/or any early termination payment under the SL Agreement payable by the Issuer to the 
SL Counterparty; or 
(ii) 
in respect of each Exercised Note then outstanding, the Physical Redemption Amount plus 
any Non-Physically Deliverable Early Redemption Amount.  
The Noteholders will be paid such amounts and/or delivered such assets, as the case may be, 
after payment of any priority claims in accordance with the Conditions. There is no assurance that 
in such circumstances the proceeds and/or assets available following payment of any such priority 
claims will be sufficient to pay or deliver, as the case may be, in full the amounts that holders of 
the relevant Notes would expect to receive if the Notes redeemed in accordance with their terms 
on their Maturity Date or that such holders will receive back the amount they originally invested. 
In both cases, the Noteholders will be exposed to the market value of the Collateral, the Swap 
Agreement, the Repo Agreement and the SL Agreement (for a consideration of factors that may 
impact such values see the risk factor titled “Risks relating to the Notes – Market value of Notes” 
below).  
(b) 
Limited recourse obligations 
The Notes are direct, secured, limited recourse obligations of the Issuer payable solely out of the 
Mortgaged Property over which security is given by the Issuer in favour of the Trustee on behalf of 
the Noteholders and other Secured Creditors. Payments due in respect of the Notes will be made 
solely out of amounts received by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Mortgaged Property. 
The Issuer will have no other assets or sources of revenue available for payment of any of its 
obligations under the Notes. No assurance can be made that the proceeds available for and 
allocated to the repayment of the Notes at any particular time will be sufficient to cover all 
amounts that would otherwise be due and payable in respect of the Notes. If the proceeds of the 
Liquidation of the Collateral received by the Disposal Agent or the realisation of the Security 
received by the Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders prove insufficient to make payments on 
the Notes, no other assets will be available for payment of the shortfall, and, following distribution 
of the proceeds of such Liquidation or realisation, any outstanding claim, debt or liability against 
the Issuer in relation to the Notes remains unpaid, then such outstanding claim, debt or liability 
shall be extinguished and no debt shall be owed by the Issuer in respect thereof. In addition, no

--- Page 34 ---
RISK FACTORS 
34
recourse under any obligation, covenant or agreement of the Issuer contained in any Transaction 
Document shall be had against any shareholder, officer, agent or director of the Issuer, by the 
enforcement of any obligation or by any proceeding, by virtue of any statute or otherwise. 
Further, only the Trustee may pursue remedies against the Issuer for any breach by the Issuer of 
the terms of the Trust Deed, the Notes or the Coupons and no Noteholder or Couponholder shall 
be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer unless the Trustee, having become bound to 
proceed in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed, fails to do so within a reasonable period 
and such failure is continuing. In addition, in respect of any failure by the Issuer to make payment 
of the Final Redemption Amount and/or any interest or Instalment Amount that became due and 
payable on the Maturity Date, the Trustee may not pursue any remedies against the Issuer for any 
breach by the Issuer of the terms of the Trust Deed, the Notes or the Coupons until after the 
Relevant Payment Date, which is the 15th Reference Business Day after the Maturity Date, and 
the Trustee shall have no liability to any person for any loss which may arise from such delay. 
In addition, only the Trustee may enforce the Security over the Mortgaged Property in accordance 
with, and subject to, the terms of the Trust Deed. 
No person other than the Issuer will be obliged to make payments on the Notes. 
(c) 
Non-petition 
The Noteholders may not, at any time, institute, or join with any other person in bringing, instituting 
or joining, insolvency, administration, bankruptcy, winding-up or any other similar proceedings 
(whether court-based or otherwise) in relation to the Issuer or any of its officers, shareholders, 
members, incorporators, corporate service providers or directors or any of its assets. 
(d) 
If Notes are represented by a Global Note or a Global Certificate, investors will have to rely 
on the procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for transfer, payment and 
communication with the Issuer 
Notes issued under the Programme may be (but, for the avoidance of doubt, are not required to 
be) represented by a Global Note or a Global Certificate. Such Global Notes or Global Certificates 
will be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Except in the circumstances described in the relevant Global Note or Global Certificate, investors 
will not be entitled to receive definitive Notes or Certificates. Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and their respective direct and indirect participants will maintain records of the 
beneficial interests in the Global Notes or Global Certificates. While the Notes are represented by 
a Global Note or a Global Certificate, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and their respective participants. 
While the Notes are represented by a Global Note or a Global Certificate, the Issuer will discharge 
its payment obligations under the Notes by making payments to the common depositary for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their account holders. A holder of a 
beneficial interest in a Global Note or a Global Certificate must rely on the procedures of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive payments under the relevant Notes. The 
Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, 
beneficial interests in Global Notes or Global Certificates. 
Holders of beneficial interests in a Global Note or a Global Certificate will not have a direct right to 
vote in respect of the relevant Notes so represented. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act 
only to the extent that they are enabled by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and their 
respective participants to appoint appropriate proxies. Similarly, holders of beneficial interests in a 
Global Note or a Global Certificate will not have a direct right under such Global Note or Global

--- Page 35 ---
RISK FACTORS 
35
Certificate to take enforcement action against the Issuer in the event of a default under the 
relevant Notes but will have to rely upon their rights under the Trust Deed. 
(e) 
Meetings of Noteholders, electronic consent and written resolutions  
The Trust Deed contains provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider any matter 
affecting their interests generally and to obtain written resolutions on matters relating to the Notes 
from Noteholders without calling a meeting. A written resolution signed by or on behalf of the 
holders of at least 75 per cent. (by principal amount) of the Relevant Noteholder Proportion then 
outstanding shall, for all purposes, be as valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution 
passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held.  
In certain circumstances, where the Notes are held by or on behalf of a clearing system or 
clearing systems, the Issuer and the Trustee will be entitled to rely upon approval of a resolution 
proposed by the Issuer or the Trustee (as the case may be) given by way of electronic consents 
communicated through the electronic communication systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in 
accordance with their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of at least 75 
per cent. (by principal amount) of the Relevant Noteholder Proportion then outstanding, and such 
electronic consents shall, for all purposes, be as valid and effective as an Extraordinary 
Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders of the Relevant Noteholder Proportion duly 
convened and held.  
A written resolution or an electronic consent described above may be effected in connection with 
any matter affecting the interests of Noteholders, including modifying the maturity date of the 
Notes or any date for payment of interest thereof, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or 
the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes or directing the Trustee to accelerate the Notes 
following the occurrence of an Event of Default, that would otherwise be required to be passed at 
a meeting of Noteholders satisfying a special quorum in accordance with the provisions of the 
Trust Deed. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including 
Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or in respect of the relevant 
resolution (or participate in the written resolution or electronic consent, as the case may be) and 
Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority (either in a meeting or by written 
resolution or electronic consent). Consequently, the rights of a holder of less than 25 per cent. (by 
principal amount) of the Relevant Noteholder Proportion then outstanding, or a Noteholder who 
does not attend and vote at a meeting or participate in respect of a resolution or consent 
irrespective of its holding, may be varied in a manner that is adverse to its wishes and/or interests. 
(f) 
Modification, waivers and substitution 
The Trustee may, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, (i) agree to any 
modification to the Conditions, the Trust Deed or any other Transaction Document that is, in the 
opinion of the Trustee, of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error, 
(ii) agree to any modification to (except as set out in the Trust Deed), and any waiver or 
authorisation of, any breach or proposed breach by the Issuer of the Conditions, the Trust Deed or 
any other Transaction Document that is, in each case, in the opinion of the Trustee, not materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders, (iii) determine that an Event of Default, Potential 
Event of Default or Enforcement Event shall not be treated as such, provided that, in the Trustee’s 
opinion, the interests of the Noteholders will not be materially prejudiced thereby or (iv) agree to 
the substitution of another entity as the principal debtor under any Notes in place of the Issuer, 
subject to certain conditions specified in the Trust Deed. 
Noteholders in respect of any Series where the Issuer is substituted may suffer losses arising out 
of the substitution process and shall be exposed to the creditworthiness of the substituted 
company.

--- Page 36 ---
RISK FACTORS 
36
(g) 
Trustee indemnity and remuneration 
In certain circumstances, the Noteholders may be dependent on the Trustee to take certain 
actions in respect of a Series, in particular if the Security in respect of such Series becomes 
enforceable under the Conditions. Prior to taking such action, the Trustee may require to be 
indemnified and/or secured and or pre-funded to its satisfaction. If the Trustee is not indemnified 
and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction it may decide not to take such action and such 
inaction will not constitute a breach by it of its obligations under the Trust Deed. Consequently, the 
Noteholders would have to either arrange for such indemnity and/or security and/or pre-funding or 
accept the consequences of such inaction by the Trustee. Noteholders should be prepared to bear 
the costs associated with any such indemnity and/or security and/or pre-funding and/or the 
consequences of any such inaction by the Trustee. Such inaction by the Trustee will not entitle 
Noteholders to take action directly against the Issuer or the Trustee to pursue remedies for any 
breach by the Issuer of the Trust Deed, the Notes or the Coupons (although the events giving rise 
to the need for the Trustee to take action might also permit the Noteholders to exercise certain 
rights directly under the Conditions). 
So long as any Note is outstanding, the Issuer shall pay the Trustee remuneration for its services. 
Such remuneration may reduce the amount payable to Noteholders. 
(h) 
Noteholders required to take action in certain circumstances 
In certain circumstances the Noteholders may need to take collective action in order to exercise 
rights granted to them in the Conditions. In particular, for a Series: 
(i) 
in the case of an Event of Default in respect of the Notes, there will be no early redemption 
of the Notes unless the Trustee exercises its discretion to declare an early redemption or is 
directed to declare an early redemption by either an Extraordinary Resolution of the holders 
of the Notes or by the Swap Counterparty, Repo Counterparty or SL Counterparty 
(provided, in each case, the Trustee is indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its 
satisfaction);  
(ii) 
in the case of a Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event, a Repo Counterparty Bankruptcy 
Event or an SL Counterparty Bankruptcy Event, there will be no early redemption of the 
Notes unless the Issuer is directed to declare an early redemption by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the holders of the Notes; 
(iii) 
in the case of a Swap Agreement Event, a Repo Agreement Event or an SL Agreement 
Event, there will be no early redemption of the Notes unless the Trustee (and consequently 
the Issuer) is directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the holders of the Notes to 
terminate the Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement or the SL Agreement; 
(iv) 
in the case of an Enforcement Event, there will be no enforcement of the Security unless 
the Trustee exercises its discretion to enforce the Security or is (A) requested to enforce 
the Security in writing by holders of at least 20 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount 
of the Notes then outstanding, (B) directed to enforce the Security by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the holders of the Notes or (C) directed to enforce the Security in writing by 
the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty or the SL Counterparty (whichever shall be 
the first to so request or direct) (provided, in each case, the Trustee is indemnified and/or 
secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction); and 
(v) 
in the case of a Calculation Agent Bankruptcy Event or a Disposal Agent Bankruptcy Event, 
the Issuer may need to be directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the holders of the 
Notes to appoint a substitute Calculation Agent (to enable certain calculations to be made

--- Page 37 ---
RISK FACTORS 
37
in respect of the Notes) or Disposal Agent (to enable liquidation of the Collateral), as the 
case may be. 
(i) 
Priority of claims 
Following a Liquidation and on an enforcement of the Security, the rights of the Noteholders to be 
paid amounts due under the Notes will be subordinated to (i) amounts owing to the Swap 
Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty and the SL Counterparty representing the return of its 
excess collateral transferred under the Credit Support Annex, the Repo Agreement or the SL 
Agreement (as applicable) and/or manufactured distributions thereon, (ii) the payment or 
satisfaction of any taxes owing by the Issuer for that Series, (iii) the fees, costs, charges, 
expenses and liabilities incurred by the Trustee (including costs incurred in the enforcement of the 
Security, any taxes to be paid and the Trustee’s remuneration), (iv) certain amounts owing to the 
Custodian, amounts owing to the Issuing and Paying Agent in respect of reimbursement for sums 
paid by them in advance of receipt by them of the funds to make such payment, and the fees, 
costs, charges, expenses and liabilities due and payable to the Agents and the Custodian, (v) the 
fees of the Disposal Agent, (vi) amounts owing to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap 
Agreement, amounts owing to the Repo Counterparty under the Repo Agreement and amounts 
owing to the SL Counterparty under the SL Agreement and (vii) any other claims as specified in 
the Conditions, as may be amended by the Trust Deed relating to the relevant Series, that rank in 
priority to the Notes. 
(j) 
No gross-up 
If any withholding tax or deduction for tax is imposed on payments on or in respect of the Notes 
(as a result of any Information Reporting Regime or otherwise), the Noteholders will not be entitled 
to either receive grossed-up amounts to compensate for such withholding tax or be reimbursed for 
the amount of any shortfall. In certain circumstances, the imposition of such taxes or deductions 
for tax will result in the Notes being redeemed early at their Early Redemption Amount (as further 
described in the risk factor titled “Risks relating to the Notes – Early redemption for Events of 
Default, tax or other reasons” below). 
(k) 
Early redemption for Events of Default, tax or other reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed on a date other than on the Maturity Date pursuant to “Master 
Conditions – Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase)” upon the occurrence of: 
(i) 
the Original Collateral being redeemed or repaid prior to its scheduled maturity date (other 
than a scheduled amortisation of the Original Collateral); 
(ii) 
certain other events with respect to the Original Collateral or any other obligation for the 
payment or repayment of borrowed money of the Original Collateral Obligor (which includes 
such obligation becoming payable prior to its scheduled maturity date, certain failures to 
make payments in respect of such obligation, a repudiation or moratorium in respect of 
such obligation, an amendment to the terms of such obligation either agreed between the 
Original Collateral Obligor, an Indirect Obligor of the Original Collateral or a Governmental 
Authority and a sufficient number of holders of such obligation to bind all holders of such 
obligation, an amendment to the terms of such obligation imposed by a Governmental 
Authority, the conversion of such obligation into another instrument and certain bankruptcy 
events in respect of the Original Collateral Obligor or any Indirect Obligor of the Original 
Collateral); 
(iii) 
certain tax events with respect to the Notes or the Original Collateral; 
(iv) 
the termination of the Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement or the SL Agreement;

--- Page 38 ---
RISK FACTORS 
38
(v) 
the bankruptcy of the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty or the SL Counterparty; 
(vi) 
a change in law following which it becomes unlawful for the Issuer to perform its 
obligations; 
(vii) 
certain disruption events with respect to a relevant Original Collateral Reference Rate; 
(viii) 
certain disruption events with respect to a relevant Reference Rate;  
(ix) 
an Issuer Call Condition being satisfied;  
(x) 
a Noteholder Early Redemption Option being exercised;  
(xi) 
an “Additional Redemption Event” as specified in the applicable Pricing Terms; or 
(xii) 
an Event of Default with respect to the Notes.  
The Issuer shall:  
(A) 
direct the redemption of the Notes with respect to paragraphs (i), (iii), (iv) and (vi) above;  
(B) 
direct the redemption of the Notes with respect to paragraphs (ii), (vii) and (viii) above 
following receipt of a notice from the Calculation Agent determining that an Original 
Collateral Default, an Original Collateral Disruption Event or a Reference Rate Default 
Event has occurred; 
(C) 
direct the redemption of the Notes with respect to paragraph (v) above following a 
direction to do so from the Noteholders acting by Extraordinary Resolution;  
(D) 
direct the redemption of the Notes with respect to paragraph (ix) above following receipt 
of an Autocall Termination Notice or an Optional Termination Notice (each as defined in 
the Swap Agreement), as applicable, determining that an Issuer Call Condition has been 
satisfied;  
(E) 
direct the redemption of the Notes with respect to paragraph (x) above following receipt of 
a valid Noteholder Early Redemption Option Exercise Notice from 100% Noteholders; 
and 
(F) 
direct the redemption of the Notes with respect to paragraph (xi) above in accordance 
with the applicable Pricing Terms. 
The Trustee may, and shall, following a direction to do so from the Noteholders acting by 
Extraordinary Resolution, the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty or the SL Counterparty, 
direct the redemption of the Notes with respect to paragraph (xii) above, subject in each case to 
the Trustee having been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction. 
The Noteholders may also, acting by Extraordinary Resolution and upon the occurrence of an 
event following which the Issuer is able to terminate the Swap Agreement, Repo Agreement or SL 
Agreement, direct the Trustee (who will give a corresponding direction to the Issuer) to so 
terminate the Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement or the SL Agreement, which will result in the 
redemption of the Notes. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Transaction Party shall have any duty to monitor, enquire or satisfy 
itself as to whether any of the events specified in paragraphs (i) to (xi) above has occurred.  
In such circumstances, the Disposal Agent may be required to liquidate the Collateral and/or the 
Trustee may enforce the Security following the occurrence of an Enforcement Event (as the case 
may be) and any Swap Agreement, Repo Agreement or SL Agreement may terminate in 
accordance with its terms (for the impact of an early redemption on the amounts payable to

--- Page 39 ---
RISK FACTORS 
39
Noteholders, see the risk factor titled “Risks relating to the Notes – Amounts payable to 
Noteholders on early redemption” above). 
(l) 
Determinations of Swap Agreement Termination Payments 
Upon early termination of the Swap Agreement (if any), an early termination payment based on 
the losses or costs or, as the case may be, gains of the determining party in entering into a 
replacement transaction or its economic equivalent (or otherwise determined in accordance with 
the terms of such Swap Agreement) will be payable by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty, or 
(as the case may be) by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer under the Swap Agreement. Such 
payment will generally be determined by the Swap Counterparty save where it is in default. If the 
Swap Counterparty is in default, the Issuer will need to appoint a substitute calculation agent 
under the Swap Agreement for the purposes of making such determination on the Issuer’s behalf. 
The determination of any such losses or costs or, as the case may be, gains will be dependent on 
a number of factors, including, without limitation, (i) the creditworthiness and liquidity of the assets 
underlying the swap payments, (ii) market perception, interest rates, yields and foreign exchange 
rates, (iii) the time remaining to the scheduled termination date of the Swap Transactions under 
the Swap Agreement and (iv) where a Credit Support Annex has been entered into as part of the 
Swap Agreement, the value of any collateral received by the Issuer, or collateral posted by the 
Issuer, thereunder. The determination of a termination payment and the factors which are taken 
into account in making that determination, may significantly impact amounts payable to 
Noteholders. For the purposes of determining such a termination payment, the relevant party is 
required to act in good faith and to use commercially reasonable procedures to produce a 
commercially reasonable result. 
If, for whatever reason, the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty disputes the determination of a 
termination payment, any payment of redemption proceeds to Noteholders will be delayed until 
such dispute is resolved.
(m) 
Determinations of Repo Agreement Termination Payments and Deliveries 
Upon early termination of the Repo Agreement (if any), an early termination payment, based on 
the market value of the initial collateral sold under the Repo Agreement, the market value of any 
margin posted by the Issuer to the Repo Counterparty or vice versa under the Repo Agreement 
and the repurchase price payable for equivalent collateral, will be payable by the Issuer to the 
Repo Counterparty or (as the case may be) by the Repo Counterparty to the Issuer. Such 
payment will generally be determined by the Repo Counterparty save where it is in default. If the 
Repo Counterparty is in default, the Issuer will need to appoint a calculation agent for the 
purposes of making such determination on the Issuer’s behalf. The market value of the margin 
transferred under the Repo Agreement will be dependent on a number of factors including, without 
limitation, (i) the creditworthiness of the issuers and obligors of such margin, (ii) market 
perception, interest rates, yields and foreign exchange rates, (iii) the time remaining to the 
scheduled maturity of the margin and (iv) the liquidity of the margin. The determination of a 
termination payment and the factors which are taken into account in making that determination, 
may significantly impact amounts payable to Noteholders. For the purposes of determining such a 
termination payment, the relevant party is generally required to act in good faith. 
If, for whatever reason, the Issuer or the Repo Counterparty disputes the determination of a 
termination payment, any payment of redemption proceeds to Noteholders will be delayed until 
such dispute is resolved.

--- Page 40 ---
RISK FACTORS 
40
(n) 
Determinations of SL Agreement Termination Payments and Deliveries 
Upon early termination of the SL Agreement (if any), an early termination payment, based on the 
market value of the securities loaned under the SL Agreement and the market value of any margin 
posted by the Issuer to the SL Counterparty or vice versa under the SL Agreement, will be 
payable by the Issuer to the SL Counterparty or (as the case may be) by the SL Counterparty to 
the Issuer. Such payment will generally be determined by the SL Counterparty save where it is in 
default. If the SL Counterparty is in default, the Issuer will need to appoint a calculation agent for 
the purposes of making such determination on the Issuer’s behalf. The market value of the margin 
transferred under the SL Agreement will be dependent on a number of factors including, without 
limitation, (i) the creditworthiness of the issuers and obligors of such margin, (ii) market 
perception, interest rates, yields and foreign exchange rates, (iii) the time remaining to the 
scheduled maturity of the margin and (iv) the liquidity of the margin. The determination of a 
termination payment and the factors which are taken into account in making that determination, 
may significantly impact amounts payable to Noteholders. However, in determining a termination 
payment, the relevant party is generally required to act in good faith. 
If, for whatever reason, the Issuer or the SL Counterparty disputes the determination of a 
termination payment, any payment of redemption proceeds to Noteholders will be delayed until 
such dispute is resolved. 
(o) 
All Classes of Notes may be redeemed as a result of an Early Redemption Notice or 
Enforcement Notice in respect of certain Classes of Notes only 
If the applicable Accessory Conditions specify that Classes are applicable in respect of a Series of 
Notes, if an Early Redemption Notice or Enforcement Notice is delivered in respect of one Class 
of Notes, it shall be deemed to apply to all Classes of Notes, and all of the Notes shall redeem 
early. Consequently, Noteholders should be aware that all Notes may be redeemed 
notwithstanding that an Early Redemption Trigger Date has only occurred in respect of the other 
Class(es) of Notes. 
(p) 
Market value of Notes 
The market value of the Notes will be affected by a number of factors, including, but not limited to 
(i) the value and volatility of the Original Collateral and the creditworthiness of the issuers and 
obligors of any Original Collateral, (ii) the value and volatility of any index, securities, commodities 
or other obligations to which payments on the Notes may be linked, directly or indirectly, and the 
creditworthiness of the issuers or obligors in respect of any securities or other obligations to which 
payments on the Notes may be linked, directly or indirectly, (iii) market perception, interest rates, 
yields and foreign exchange rates, (iv) the time remaining to the Maturity Date and (v) the nature 
and liquidity of the Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement, the SL Agreement or any other 
derivative or repurchase transaction entered into by the Issuer or embedded in the Notes or the 
Original Collateral. Any price at which Notes may be sold prior to the Maturity Date may be at a 
discount, which could be substantial, to the value at which the Notes were acquired on the Issue 
Date. 
Prospective investors should be aware that not all market participants would determine prices in 
respect of the Notes in the same manner, and the variation between such prices may be 
substantial. Accordingly, any prices provided by a Dealer may not be representative of prices that 
may be provided by other market participants. For this reason, any price provided or quoted by a 
Dealer should not be viewed or relied upon by prospective investors as establishing, or 
constituting advice by that Dealer concerning, a mark-to-market value of the Notes. The Dealers 
are under no obligation to provide a price for the Notes and the price (if any) provided by a Dealer 
is at the absolute discretion of that Dealer and may be determined by reference to such factors as

--- Page 41 ---
RISK FACTORS 
41
it sees fit. Any such price may take into account fees, commissions or arrangements entered into 
by that Dealer with a third party in respect of the Notes and that Dealer shall have no obligation to 
any Noteholder to disclose such arrangements. Any price given would be prepared as of a 
particular date and time and would not therefore reflect subsequent changes in market values or 
any other factors relevant to the determination of the price. 
(q) 
Valuations and calculations derived from models 
Valuations or calculations in respect of Notes and certain asset classes of instruments comprising 
the Collateral relating to Notes have typically been based on quoted market prices or market 
inputs. However, since 2007 actively traded markets for a number of such asset classes and 
obligors have either ceased to exist or have reduced significantly. The lack or limited availability of 
such market prices or inputs has significantly impaired the ability to make accurate valuations or 
calculations in respect of the Notes and such underlying instruments. No assurance can be given 
that similar impairment may not occur in the future. 
In a number of asset classes, a significant reliance has historically been placed on valuations 
derived from models that use inputs that are not observable in the markets and/or that are based 
on historical data and trends. Such models often rely on certain assumptions about the values or 
behaviour of such unobservable inputs or about the behaviour of the markets generally or 
interpolate future outcomes from historical data. In a number of cases, the extent of the market 
volatility and disruption has resulted in the assumptions being incorrect to a significant degree or 
in extreme departures from historical trends. Where reliance is placed on historical data, in certain 
instances such data may only be available for relatively short time periods (for example, data with 
respect to prices in relatively new markets) and such data may not be as statistically 
representative as data for longer periods. 
Prospective investors should be aware of the risks inherent in any valuation or calculation relating 
to the Notes (including any instrument comprising the Collateral relating to the Notes) that is 
determined by reference to a model and that certain assumptions will be made in operating the 
model which may prove to be incorrect and give rise to significantly different outcomes to those 
predicted by the model. 
(r) 
Credit ratings 
Notes may or may not be rated. The applicable Accessory Conditions for any Notes will specify if 
such rating is a condition to issue of such Notes. The rating(s) for a Series will be on the basis of 
the assessment of each relevant Rating Agency of the ratings of the Original Collateral and/or the 
Original Collateral Obligor, the rating of the Swap Counterparty, the rating of the Repo 
Counterparty, the rating of the SL Counterparty and the terms of the Notes. A security rating is not 
a recommendation to buy, sell or hold any Notes, inasmuch as such rating does not comment as 
to market price or suitability for a particular investor. There is no assurance that a rating will 
remain for any given period of time or that a rating will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a 
Rating Agency if, in its judgment, circumstances in the future so warrant. If a rating initially 
assigned to any Notes is subsequently lowered for any reason, no person or entity is obliged to 
provide any additional support or credit enhancement with respect to such Notes or to make any 
change to the terms of the Notes or any Transaction Document and the market value of such 
Notes is likely to be adversely affected. 
Prospective investors should ensure they understand what any rating associated with the Notes 
(whether of the Notes themselves, of any Original Collateral Obligor (or any guarantor or credit 
support provider in respect thereof), of the Swap Counterparty, of the Repo Counterparty, of the 
SL Counterparty or of any other party or entity involved in or related to the Notes) means and what 
it addresses and what it does not address.

--- Page 42 ---
RISK FACTORS 
42
The assignment of a rating to the Notes should not be treated by a prospective investor as 
meaning that such investor does not need to make its own investigations into, and determinations 
of, the risks and merits of an investment in the Notes. 
Prospective investors who place too much reliance on ratings, or who do not understand what the 
rating addresses, may make an investment which is of a different type to what was originally 
intended as a result. 
During its holding of a Note, a Noteholder should take such steps as it considers necessary to 
evaluate the ongoing risks and merits of a continued investment in such Note. Such steps should 
not rely solely on ratings. In particular, prospective investors should not rely solely on downgrades 
of ratings as indicators of deteriorating credit. Market indicators (such as rising credit default 
spreads and yield spreads with respect to the relevant entity) often indicate significant credit 
issues prior to any downgrade. During the global financial crisis, rating agencies were the subject 
of criticism from a number of global organisations because the rating agencies were not 
considered to have downgraded entities on a sufficiently timely basis. 
(s) 
Specified Denominations may involve Integral Multiples 
Notes may have Specified Denominations of a certain amount plus one or more integral multiples 
of a smaller amount (the “Integral Multiples”) in excess thereof, in which case (i) for so long as 
the relevant clearing systems so permit, the Notes will be tradable only in the minimum authorised 
denomination of the Specified Denomination and the Integral Multiples and (ii) it is possible that 
the Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the Specified Denomination that are not integral 
multiples of the Specified Denomination. A Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts 
as contemplated in (ii) above, holds an amount which is less than the Specified Denomination in 
its account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may need to purchase a principal 
amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to at least the Specified Denomination in order to 
be able to (A) transfer its Notes (subject in all cases to the rules and procedures of the relevant 
clearing system) or (B) receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes 
be printed). 
(t) 
Application of negative interest rates 
Negative interest rates may apply from time to time in certain circumstances to any cash funds 
held by the Custodian on behalf of the Issuer which (i) have been transferred by the Swap 
Counterparty to the cash account in the name of the Issuer opened in London in the books of the 
Custodian for that Series in respect of the Credit Support Annex (the “CSA Cash Account”) to 
cover its credit risk in accordance with the Credit Support Annex, (ii) have been transferred by the 
Repo Counterparty to the cash account in the name of the Issuer opened in London in the books 
of the Custodian for that Series in respect of the Repo Agreement (the “Repo Cash Account”) to 
cover its credit risk in accordance with the Repo Agreement or (iii) have been transferred by the 
SL Counterparty to the cash account in the name of the Issuer opened in London in the books of 
the Custodian for that Series in respect of the SL Agreement (the “SL Cash Account”) to cover its 
credit risk in accordance with the SL Agreement.  
In respect of (i), to the extent that such negative interest rates were to apply, the Swap 
Counterparty will pay an additional amount to the Issuer under the Credit Support Annex. The 
application of any negative interest rates will ultimately be borne by the Swap Counterparty unless 
the Swap Agreement is terminated as a result of an event of default thereunder by either the 
Issuer or the Swap Counterparty or as a result of a Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event, in 
which case the reduction in funds held by the Custodian could increase the amount to be claimed 
by the Issuer from (and therefore the credit risk to) the Swap Counterparty under the Swap 
Agreement.

--- Page 43 ---
RISK FACTORS 
43
In respect of (ii), to the extent that such negative interest rates were to apply, the Repo 
Counterparty will pay an additional amount to the Issuer under the Repo Agreement. The 
application of any negative interest rates will ultimately be borne by the Repo Counterparty unless 
the Repo Agreement is terminated as a result of an event of default thereunder by either the 
Issuer or the Repo Counterparty or as a result of a Repo Counterparty Bankruptcy Event, in which 
case the reduction in funds held by the Custodian could increase the amount to be claimed by the 
Issuer from (and therefore the credit risk to) the Repo Counterparty under the Repo Agreement. 
In respect of (iii), to the extent that such negative interest rates were to apply, the SL Counterparty 
will pay an additional amount to the Issuer under the SL Agreement. The application of any 
negative interest rates will ultimately be borne by the SL Counterparty unless the SL Agreement is 
terminated as a result of an event of default thereunder by either the Issuer or the SL 
Counterparty or as a result of an SL Counterparty Bankruptcy Event, in which case the reduction 
in funds held by the Custodian could increase the amount to be claimed by the Issuer from (and 
therefore the credit risk to) the SL Counterparty under the SL Agreement. 
(u) 
Risks associated with Notes paying a fixed rate of interest 
In respect of any Notes for which the coupon is fixed (including Fixed Rate Notes), subsequent 
changes in market interest rates may adversely affect the value of the Notes. A decrease in 
market interest rates will have a positive impact on the value of the Notes, as the rate of interest 
payable on the Notes will remain unchanged. Conversely, an increase in market interest rates will 
have an adverse impact on the value of the Notes. 
(v) 
Risks associated with Notes paying a floating rate of interest 
In respect of any Notes (including Floating Rate Notes) for which the coupon payable by the 
Issuer is determined in part by reference to a designated interest rate, index, benchmark or other 
price source (each a “Reference Rate” for the purposes of such Notes): 
(i) 
the interest rate payable pursuant to the Notes will vary in accordance with the level of the 
Reference Rate; 
(ii) 
during the term of the Notes, the Reference Rate may be lower than it was as at the Issue 
Date; and 
(iii) 
the Reference Rate may be negative, which means that the interest rate payable may be 
less than the margin stated to be payable pursuant to the Notes and could be zero. 
Prospective investors should ensure that they fully understand how the interest rate applicable to 
any Series is determined and, where a Reference Rate is relevant, how such Reference Rate is 
established and administered. See the risk factor titled “Risks relating to the Notes – Benchmark 
reform and the risk of a Reference Rate Event” below for a description of the risks relating to the 
occurrence of a Reference Rate Event in respect of certain Reference Rates. 
(w) 
Resolution of financial institutions 
Following the global financial crisis, in 2011 the Financial Stability Board (the “FSB”) produced a 
document setting out key attributes of effective resolution regimes for financial institutions. 
Resolution is the process by which the authorities can intervene to manage the failure of a firm in 
an orderly fashion. The FSB’s proposals have been implemented in the laws of, among others, the 
European Union and the United States. 
The taking of any actions by the relevant resolution authorities under any regime may adversely 
affect the Noteholders. Whilst the Issuer itself is unlikely to be within scope of any implementing 
legislation, if the obligor in respect of any Collateral (including the Original Collateral Obligor), the

--- Page 44 ---
RISK FACTORS 
44
Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty or the SL Counterparty is within the scope of any 
implementing legislation: 
(i) 
any applicable bail-in power might be exercised in respect of the Collateral, the Swap 
Agreement, the Repo Agreement or the SL Agreement (as the case may be) to convert any 
claim of the Issuer as against such person; 
(ii) 
any applicable suspension power might prevent the Issuer from exercising any termination 
rights under the Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement or the SL Agreement; or 
(iii) 
any applicable close out power might be exercised to enforce a termination of the Swap 
Agreement, the Repo Agreement or the SL Agreement and to value the transactions in 
respect of such agreements (which value may be different to the value that would have 
been determined by the Issuer, the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty or the SL 
Counterparty (as the case may be)).  
The operation of resolution regimes and their application to cross-border financial institutions is 
complex and the resolution of any Collateral Obligor, the Swap Counterparty, the Repo 
Counterparty or the SL Counterparty is likely to adversely affect the Notes in multiple and 
unpredictable ways. Following an exercise of any powers by a resolution authority, the Issuer may 
have insufficient assets or sums to meet its obligations under the Notes or any Transaction 
Document for that Series, the Notes may be the subject of an early redemption and any payment 
of redemption proceeds to Noteholders may be delayed. Each Noteholder should take such 
advice as it deems necessary to ensure that it understands the impact that a resolution regime 
may have on its investment in the Notes. 
(x) 
Limited liquidity of the Notes 
Although application may be made to admit the Notes to the Official List and admit them to trading 
on the Regulated Market, or for Notes to be listed and admitted to trading on other or further stock 
exchanges, there is currently no secondary market for the Notes. There can be no assurance that 
a secondary market for any of the Notes will develop, or, if a secondary market does develop, that 
it will provide the holders of the Notes with liquidity or that it will continue for the life of the Notes. 
Consequently, any investor in the Notes must be prepared to hold such Notes for an indefinite 
period of time or until redemption of the Notes or to sell the Notes at significant discounts to their 
fair market value or to the amount originally invested. If a Dealer begins making a market for the 
Notes, it is under no obligation to continue to do so and may stop making such a market at any 
time. 
(y) 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls may result in investors receiving less interest 
or principal than expected 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the currency specified in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions (the “Notes Currency”). This presents certain risks relating to currency 
conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or 
currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Notes Currency. These include the risk 
that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Notes 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction 
over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the 
value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Notes Currency would decrease (i) the Investor’s 
Currency equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the 
principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the 
Notes.

--- Page 45 ---
RISK FACTORS 
45
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may 
receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
(z) 
Purchases by Ineligible Investors 
An Ineligible Investor should be aware of the potential consequences of it purchasing Notes. The 
rights of the Issuer are specified in “Master Conditions – Condition 24(a) (Rights of the Issuer)” 
and include the right to compel a Noteholder that is an Ineligible Investor to transfer the relevant 
Notes to the Issuer. The price that will be paid by the Issuer in such a scenario may be less than 
par. In particular, if the specified denomination of the Collateral is such that it could not be 
delivered to the Noteholder in integral multiples, when selling such Collateral, the Issuer shall 
round down the Collateral to be sold, such that the Noteholder will receive less than it would have 
been entitled to on the maturity date of the relevant Notes. 
(aa) 
Benchmark reform and the risk of a Reference Rate Event 
Reference Rates, including interest rate benchmarks such as the London Interbank Offered Rate 
(“LIBOR”), Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) and other interbank offered rates (LIBOR 
and EURIBOR, together with such other rates, “IBORs”), which are and have been used to 
determine the amounts payable under financial instruments or the value of such financial 
instruments have, in recent years, been the subject of political and regulatory scrutiny and reform 
as to how they are created and operated.  
Some of these reforms are already effective and have resulted in the cessation or non-
representativeness of certain benchmarks, including sterling LIBOR, Japanese Yen LIBOR and 
U.S. Dollar LIBOR, while others are still to be implemented or formulated. The Programme 
contains fallback provisions relating to these reforms that may impact the terms and conditions of 
any Series of Notes, and/or lead to their early redemption if certain events or circumstances have 
occurred, or subsequently occur, in connection with a relevant Reference Rate. 
(i) 
Risk-free rates 
Relevant authorities are strongly encouraging the transition away from IBORs and have 
identified (nearly) risk-free rates (“RFRs”) to take the place of such IBORs as primary 
benchmarks. These RFRs include (i) for sterling LIBOR, a reformed Sterling Overnight 
Index Average (“SONIA”), (ii) for EONIA and EURIBOR, a new Euro Short-Term Rate 
(“€STR”) and (iii) for USD LIBOR, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”).  
RFRs are “backward-looking” such that interest payments are calculated shortly before the 
relevant Interest Payment Date. Therefore, Noteholders have significantly less notice of the 
amounts due to be paid for an Interest Period where the relevant interest rate is determined 
by reference to an RFR.  
Whilst IBORs are forward-looking term rates that embed bank credit risk, RFRs are 
overnight rates and are intended to be nearly risk-free. However, RFRs are comparatively 
new and less historical data is available than for IBORs. As such, Noteholders should be 
aware that SONIA, SOFR and €STR may behave materially differently from the IBORs as 
interest reference rates and could provide a worse return over time than an IBOR. 
The market continues to develop in relation to RFRs as reference rates in the capital 
markets. In particular, market participants and relevant working groups are still exploring 
alternative reference rates based on SONIA, SOFR and €STR (which seek to measure the 
market's forward expectation of such rates over a designated term).

--- Page 46 ---
RISK FACTORS 
46
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application or calculation 
methodology of the relevant RFR (one using a different convention to calculating interest 
including using a RFR screen-based rate) that differs significantly from that used in relation 
to a Series that references a RFR and this may adversely affect the value of the Notes. 
Potential investors in the Notes should carefully consider how any mismatch between the 
adoption of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any 
hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any 
acquisition, holding or disposal of any Notes. 
(ii) 
Triggers, fallbacks and amendment rights 
To the extent that any Notes, Swap Agreement, Repo Agreement or SL Agreement relating 
to the Notes of a Series reference a Reference Rate, prospective investors should 
understand (i) what fallbacks might apply in place of such Reference Rate (if any), (ii) when 
those fallbacks will be triggered and (iii) what amendment rights (if any) exist under the 
terms of such Notes, Swap Agreement, Repo Agreement or SL Agreement. Prospective 
investors should also be aware of the consequences of similar events occurring in respect 
of any Original Collateral. See the risk factor titled “Consequence of Original Collateral 
Disruption Event” below.  
(iii) 
Determining the occurrence of a Reference Rate Event 
If a Series references a Reference Rate, there is a risk that a Reference Rate Event might 
have already occurred at the time of issue of such Series or may occur in the future in 
respect of such Reference Rate. A Reference Rate Event is expected to occur if (A) the 
Reference Rate has ceased or will cease to be provided permanently or indefinitely, (B) the 
administrator of the Reference Rate ceases to have the necessary authorisations and as a 
result it is not permitted under applicable law for one or more persons to perform their 
obligations under the Notes and/or any hedge transactions entered into by the Swap 
Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty or the SL Counterparty, (C) the Reference Rate is, 
with respect to over-the-counter derivatives transactions which reference such Reference 
Rate, the subject of any market-wide development pursuant to which such Reference Rate 
is replaced with a risk-free rate (or near risk-free rate) on a specified date, (D) the 
regulatory supervisor of the administrator of the Reference Rate makes or publishes a 
public statement announcing that such Reference Rate is no longer, or as of a specified 
future date will no longer be, representative of the underlying market and economic reality 
that the Reference Rate is intended to measure and that its representativeness will not be 
restored, such statement being made in the awareness that it will engage certain 
contractual triggers for fallbacks activated by pre-cessation announcements by such 
supervisor or (E) if “Material Change Event” is specified to be applicable in the Accessory 
Conditions, the definition, methodology or formula for a Reference Rate, or other means of 
calculating the Reference Rate, has materially changed or as of a specified future date will 
materially change.  
It may be uncertain as to if or when a Reference Rate Event may occur in respect of a 
Reference Rate. Whether a Reference Rate Event has occurred will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
Investors should be aware that if “Material Change Event” is specified to be not applicable 
in the Accessory Conditions, a change (whether material or not) to the definition, 
methodology or formula for a Reference Rate, or other means of calculating such 
Reference Rate will not, in itself, constitute a Reference Rate Event unless, with respect to 
Notes issued by way of Pricing Terms only, otherwise specified in the applicable Pricing

--- Page 47 ---
RISK FACTORS 
47
Terms. Each Noteholder will bear the risks arising from any such change and will not be 
entitled to any form of compensation as a result of any such change. 
(iv) 
Consequences of the occurrence of a Reference Rate Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Reference Rate Event has occurred in respect of 
a relevant Reference Rate, it will attempt to (A) identify an alternative Reference Rate, (B) 
calculate an adjustment spread that will be applied to the alternative Reference Rate (an 
“Adjustment Spread”) and (C) determine such other amendments which it considers are 
necessary or appropriate in order to account for the effect of the replacement of the 
Reference Rate with an alternative Reference Rate (as adjusted by the Adjustment Spread) 
and/or to preserve as closely as practicable the economic equivalence of the Notes before 
and after the replacement of the Reference Rate with an alternative Reference Rate (as 
adjusted by the Adjustment Spread).  
Investors should be aware that (I) the application of any alternative Reference Rate 
(notwithstanding the inclusion of any Adjustment Spread), together with any consequential 
amendments, could result in the relevant interest rate being determined on a different day 
than originally intended and/or a lower amount being payable to Noteholders than would 
otherwise have been the case, (II) any such Reference Rate (as adjusted by any 
Adjustment Spread) and any consequential amendments shall apply without requiring the 
consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders and (III) if no alternative Reference Rate 
can be identified or Adjustment Spread calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the Conditions, the Notes will be the subject of an early redemption. There is no 
guarantee that an alternative Reference Rate will be identified or that an Adjustment 
Spread will be calculated by the Calculation Agent.  
(v) 
Determination of alternative Reference Rate and any Adjustment Spread 
When identifying alternative Reference Rates, the Calculation Agent may only have regard 
to (A) any alternative specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions or (B) Reference 
Rates that are recognised or acknowledged as being industry standard replacements for 
over-the-counter derivative transactions. If both an alternative Reference Rate is specified 
in the applicable Accessory Conditions and an industry standard replacement Reference 
Rate exists, the alternative Reference Rate specified in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions will take precedence. 
The Adjustment Spread shall (I) take account of any transfer of economic value that would 
otherwise arise as a result of replacing the relevant Reference Rate under the Conditions, 
including any transfer of economic value from the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty and/or 
the Repo Counterparty (or vice versa) as a result of any changes made to the Swap 
Agreement and the Repo Agreement as a consequence of such replacement and (II) reflect 
any losses, expenses and costs that have been or that will be incurred by the Swap 
Counterparty and/or the Repo Counterparty as a result of entering into, maintaining and/or 
unwinding any transactions to hedge the Swap Counterparty’s obligations under the Swap 
Transactions under the Swap Agreement and/or the Repo Counterparty’s obligations under 
the Repo Transactions under the Repo Agreement (as applicable), which actions arose 
from the replacement under the Notes of the Reference Rate with the Replacement 
Reference Rate. The spread may be positive, negative or zero or determined pursuant to a 
formula or methodology. 
Where the Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes is determined in accordance 
with Condition 7(b)(iii) or Condition 7(b)(iv), as applicable, by reference to an ISDA Rate, if 
the Reference Rate Event would constitute an index cessation event under the 2006 ISDA

--- Page 48 ---
RISK FACTORS 
48
Definitions (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the provisions of Supplement number 70 
to the 2006 ISDA Definitions) or the 2021 ISDA Definitions, as applicable, then the fallback 
provisions of the applicable ISDA Definitions (including the fallback spread adjustment 
published by Bloomberg) shall be taken into account by the Calculation Agent when 
determining any Replacement Reference Rate and Adjustment Spread. Given the different 
factors that will inform the Adjustment Spread, it may differ from the relevant fallback 
spread adjustment published by Bloomberg in respect of the relevant Reference Rate. 
(vi) 
Interim measures
If, following a Reference Rate Event and provided that the Notes are not to be redeemed 
early as a result thereof, the relevant Reference Rate is required for any determination in 
respect of the Notes before the adjustments referred to above have occurred, then: 
(A) 
if the Reference Rate is still available and representative, and it is still permitted 
under applicable law or regulation for the Notes to reference the Reference Rate, the 
level of the Reference Rate shall be determined pursuant to the terms that would 
apply to the determination of the Reference Rate as if no Reference Rate Event had 
occurred; or 
(B) 
if the Reference Rate is no longer available, the Reference Rate is non-
representative or it is no longer permitted under applicable law or regulation for the 
Notes to reference the Reference Rate, the level of the Reference Rate shall be 
determined by reference to the level on the last day on which the rate was published, 
representative or could be used in accordance with applicable law or regulation, 
meaning that during this period determinations in respect of the Notes would be 
made by reference to a static rate that could depart significantly from prevailing 
market rates. 
To the extent that any Notes, Swap Agreement or Repo Agreement relating to the Notes of 
a Series reference a Reference Rate with respect to which a Reference Rate Event has 
occurred or is likely to occur during the term of such Notes, prospective investors should be 
aware of the potential consequences of such a Reference Rate Event described above. 
Prospective investors should also be aware of the consequences of similar events 
occurring in respect of any Original Collateral. See the risk factor titled “Consequence of 
Original Collateral Disruption Event” below. 
(bb) 
Impact of increased regulation 
The global financial crisis led to a materially increased involvement of governmental and 
regulatory authorities in the financial sector and in the operation of financial institutions. In 
particular, governmental and regulatory authorities in a number of jurisdictions (including the 
United States of America and the European Union) have imposed stricter laws and regulations 
around certain financial activities and/or have indicated that they intend to impose such controls in 
the future. Such regulatory changes and the method of their implementation may have a 
significant impact on the operation of the financial markets. It is uncertain how a changed 
regulatory environment will affect the Issuer, the treatment of instruments such as the Notes and, 
for any Series, the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty, the SL Counterparty and the other 
Transaction Parties. Consequences may include the occurrence of a Regulatory Requirement 
Event (as described in the risk factor titled “Risks relating to the Notes – Modifications following a 
Regulatory Requirement Event” below), or termination of the Swap Agreement, the Repo 
Agreement or the SL Agreement following the occurrence of certain regulatory events (as 
described in the sections of this Base Prospectus titled “The Swap Agreement – Termination

--- Page 49 ---
RISK FACTORS 
49
Events”, “The Repo Agreement – Events of Default” and “The SL Agreement – Events of 
Default”). 
(cc) 
Modifications following a Regulatory Requirement Event
The Issuer shall amend the Conditions and the terms of any Transaction Document without the 
consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders if the Calculation Agent determines that such 
amendments are required in order to cause (i) the transactions contemplated by the Conditions 
and the Transaction Documents to be compliant with all Relevant Regulatory Laws, (ii) the Issuer 
and each Transaction Party to be compliant with all Relevant Regulatory Laws or (iii) the Issuer 
and each Transaction Party to be able to continue to transact future business (as issuer of Notes 
or as a transaction party to the Issuer pursuant to the Programme) in compliance with all Relevant 
Regulatory Laws. Such amendments may only be made without the consent of the Noteholders 
and the Couponholders if certain criteria set out in the Conditions are satisfied, including that such 
modifications will not (A) amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes, any Instalment 
Date or any date for payment of interest or Interest Amounts on the Notes, (B) reduce or cancel 
the principal amount of, or any Instalment Amount of, or any premium payable on redemption of, 
the Notes, (C) reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of the Notes or vary the method or 
basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis for calculating any Interest 
Amount in respect of the Notes, (D) vary any method of, or basis for, calculating the Final 
Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption Amount, (E) exchange or substitute the Original 
Collateral or (F) have a material adverse effect on the validity, legality or enforceability of the 
Security or on the priority and ranking of the Security. 
Amendments made as a result of a Regulatory Requirement Event may not be beneficial to the 
Issuer or the Noteholders and could put the Issuer (and, indirectly, the Noteholders) in a position 
that is less advantageous than the position it had immediately prior to effecting such amendments. 
(dd) 
Potential consequences following a Currency Unavailability Event 
The Issuer (or any Agent on its behalf), the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty and/or the 
SL Counterparty, as the case may be, may (but shall not be obliged to) satisfy its obligations by 
making the Affected Payment in the Alternative Currency, if the Calculation Agent determines that 
transfers in the Specified Currency from (i) the Issuer to any of the Swap Counterparty, Repo 
Counterparty or SL Counterparty, (ii) any of the Swap Counterparty, Repo Counterparty or SL 
Counterparty to the Issuer or (iii) the Issuer to Noteholders, would be prevented or made 
impracticable as a result of circumstances beyond such party’s control including, without limitation 
(a) any sanctions or exchange controls imposed, enacted, administered or enforced by any 
relevant governmental authority in any jurisdiction in respect of which any of the Issuer, the 
Trustee, the Arranger, any Agent, the Dealers, the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty 
and/or the SL Counterparty is required to comply, or (b) any restrictions or controls applicable to 
the Issuer, the Trustee, the Arranger, any Agent, the Dealers, the Swap Counterparty, the Repo 
Counterparty and/or the SL Counterparty or any relevant clearing system, or any of the account 
banks of the aforementioned. 
Where an Affected Payment is made in the Alternative Currency (A) such payment shall neither 
constitute a breach of the Swap Counterparty’s, Repo Counterparty’s, SL Counterparty’s or 
Issuer’s obligations under the Swap Agreement, Repo Agreement or SL Agreement and/or the 
Notes (as applicable) nor constitute an Event of Default (as defined under the relevant Swap 
Agreement, Repo Agreement or SL Agreement and/or the Notes, as applicable), and (B) for the 
purposes of such Affected Payment only, references in any Transaction Documents to the 
“Specified Currency” shall be deemed to be a reference to the Alternative Currency.

--- Page 50 ---
RISK FACTORS 
50
Neither the Issuer nor any Transaction Party shall have any duty to monitor, enquire or satisfy 
itself as to whether a Currency Unavailability Event has occurred. 
Payment of an Affected Payment in the Alternative Currency may adversely affect the value of the 
Notes and Noteholders will not be entitled to receive any further interest or other payment as a 
result of any delay in payment or payment in an Alternative Currency due to the occurrence of a 
Currency Unavailability Event. 
(ee) 
Notes linked to indices or formulae 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the amount of interest and/or principal payable is linked to the 
level, performance or price of a benchmark, index or formula on a certain date or dates and/or the 
change in the level of such benchmark, index or formula over a specified period of time. Where 
Notes are linked to the change in the level or price of a benchmark, index or formula over a 
specified period of time, prospective investors will be exposed to the change in the level or price of 
the benchmark, index or formula during the relevant period and/or on the relevant date(s), as the 
case may be. Movements in the level of the benchmark, index or formula may therefore adversely 
affect the amount of principal and/or interest to be repaid to the Noteholder and may also 
adversely affect the market value of the Notes prior to maturity. 
Prospective investors should be aware that, depending on the terms of the Notes, (i) they may 
receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal or interest may occur at a 
different time than expected and (iii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment. 
In addition, the movements in the price of the benchmark, index or formula may be subject to 
significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or other 
indices and the timing of changes in the relevant benchmark, index or formula may affect the 
actual yield to investors, even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. 
(ff) 
Inflation linked Notes 
Where the Notes reference inflation indices, consumer price indices or other formulae linked to a 
measure of inflation, Noteholders are exposed to the performance of such inflation indices or other 
measurement formulae, which may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate 
with other indices and may not correlate perfectly with the rate of inflation experienced by 
Noteholders in the relevant jurisdiction. Payments to be made under the Notes may be based on a 
calculation made by reference to an inflation index for a month which is several months prior to 
the date of payment on the Notes and therefore could be substantially different from the level of 
inflation at the time of the payment on the Notes. 
(gg) 
Equity linked Notes 
(i) 
General
The Issuer may issue Notes where the amount of interest and/or principal payable is 
dependent upon the price or changes in the price of underlying shares and/or underlying 
depositary receipts and/or the Issuer may have an obligation on redemption to deliver a 
specified amount of underlying shares and/or underlying depositary receipts. As a result, 
Noteholders are exposed to the risk that changes in the price of underlying shares and/or 
underlying depositary receipts may adversely affect the interest and/or principal they 
receive and the value of the Notes and, as a result, Noteholders could lose all or part of 
their investment. 
(ii) 
Limited anti-dilution protection 
The Calculation Agent may make adjustments to elements of the Notes as specified in the 
Conditions and applicable Accessory Conditions. The Calculation Agent is not required to

--- Page 51 ---
RISK FACTORS 
51
make an adjustment for every corporate event that may affect the underlying shares or 
depositary receipts. Those events or other actions by the issuer of underlying shares or 
depositary receipts or a third party may nevertheless adversely affect the market price of 
the underlying shares or depositary receipts and, therefore, adversely affect the value of 
the Notes. The issuer of underlying shares or depositary receipts or a third party could 
make an offering or exchange offer or the issuer of underlying shares or depositary receipts 
could take another action that adversely affects the value of the underlying shares or 
depositary receipts and the Notes but does not result in an adjustment. 
(iii) 
No beneficial interest in the underlying shares 
A Noteholder will not be a beneficial owner of the underlying shares and therefore will not 
be entitled to receive any dividends or similar amounts paid on the underlying shares, nor 
will a Noteholder be entitled to purchase the underlying shares by virtue of its ownership of 
the Notes. Moreover, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions, 
Noteholders will not be entitled to any voting rights or other control rights that holders of the 
underlying shares may have with respect to the issuer of such underlying shares. The 
interest or principal due on such Notes will not reflect the payment of any dividends on the 
underlying shares. Accordingly, the return on the Notes will not reflect the return a 
Noteholder would realise if they actually owned the underlying shares and received 
dividends, if any. Therefore, the yield to maturity based on the methodology for calculating 
the return on such Notes will not be the same yield as would be produced if the underlying 
shares were purchased directly and held for a similar period.  
(iv) 
Risks arising from conduct of issuer of underlying shares 
The issuers of underlying shares are not involved in the offer of the Notes in any way and 
have no obligation to consider the interest of any Noteholder in taking any corporate actions 
that might affect the value of the Notes. The issuer of underlying shares may take actions 
that will adversely affect the value of the Notes. 
(hh) 
Notes linked to Deposits
Where the Notes are linked to deposits located outside the United Kingdom (a “Deposit”), the 
security created by the Issuer in favour of the Trustee on behalf of the Noteholders and other 
Secured Creditors in relation to the Deposit may include an English law first fixed charge and 
assignment and a local law account pledge (the “Account Pledge Agreement”) over the Issuer’s 
rights against the deposit bank (or similar entity, the “Deposit Bank”) under the relevant deposit 
agreement and in respect of any sums standing to the credit of the Deposit account. Such English 
law security interests may not be enforceable in the jurisdiction in which the Deposit is located (the 
“Local Jurisdiction”). 
In respect of such Notes, it may be intended that (i) the Account Pledge Agreement in respect of 
the Deposit and, as contemplated thereby, a notice of pledge and assignment from the Issuer to 
the Deposit Bank with a copy to the Trustee, and an acknowledgement from the Deposit Bank to 
the Trustee with a copy to the Issuer, will be executed on or around the start date of the Deposit 
and (ii) the execution, notarisation, and legalisation of a power of attorney from the Issuer to the 
Trustee as contemplated by the Account Pledge Agreement will occur as soon as practicable after 
the Issue Date. 
For further information on risks relating to assets held outside the United Kingdom (including 
Deposits), please see the risk factor titled “Risks relating to the Notes - Notes linked to Offshore 
Assets” below.

--- Page 52 ---
RISK FACTORS 
52
(ii) 
Notes linked to Loans 
(i) 
Loans are illiquid and may be difficult to sell
Where the Notes are linked to loans (each a “Loan”), typically the Loan will not be admitted 
to any trading market and may not be readily realisable. Whilst active secondary markets 
for certain loans do exist, there is no guarantee that a secondary market will exist or 
develop in respect of the relevant Loan (or where it may have existed when the Series of 
Notes was issued, that it will continue to do so) and, as a result, following the occurrence of 
an Early Redemption Trigger Date or Enforcement Event in respect of the Notes the sale, 
transfer or realisation of the Loan may be restricted or impossible and/or the proceeds from 
any such sale, transfer or realisation of the Loan may be limited and result in a return to 
Noteholders significantly less than par and which may be zero or may result in payments 
under the Notes being delayed. 
(ii) 
Credit risks related to the Loan 
In purchasing Notes linked to a Loan, a Noteholder is exposed to the credit risk of the 
borrower(s) and, if applicable, guarantor as obligor (each a “Loan Obligor”) in respect of 
the Loan. The payments under the relevant loan agreement (the “Loan Agreement”) 
constitute the sole financial resources of the Notes for the purposes of the payment of 
principal and interest amounts due in respect of the Notes. The credit risk of the relevant 
Loan Obligor will be substantially correlated with performance on the Notes. A prospective 
investor should have sufficient knowledge and experience in financial and business matters 
and expertise in assessing credit risk that it is capable of evaluating the merits, risks and 
suitability of investing in the Notes including any credit risk associated with the Loan Obligor 
and including the risk of delays or reduced recoveries due to the financial condition of the 
Loan Obligor. 
(iii) 
The value of the Loan may be adversely influenced by a number of factors and early 
prepayment or default by the Loan Obligor may affect the value of the Notes 
The market value of a Loan may vary because of a number of factors, including, but not 
limited to, the financial condition of a Loan Obligor, the industry in which a Loan Obligor 
operates, general economic or political conditions, interest rates, the condition of the debt 
trading markets and certain other financial markets, developments or trends in any 
particular industry and changes in prevailing interest rates. 
A Loan may become a defaulted obligation for a variety of reasons, including non-payment 
of principal or interest, as well as covenant violations by a Loan Obligor in respect of the 
Loan Agreement. A defaulted Loan may become subject to either substantial workout 
negotiations or restructuring, which may entail, among other things, a substantial reduction 
in the interest rate, a substantial writedown of principal, and a substantial change in the 
terms, conditions and covenants with respect to the defaulted Loan. In addition, such 
negotiations or restructuring may be extensive and protracted over time, and therefore may 
result in substantial uncertainty with respect to the ultimate recovery on such defaulted 
Loan. In addition, substantial costs and resources in such situations may be imposed on 
the lender, further affecting the value of the Loan. The liquidity in defaulted Loans may also 
be limited, and to the extent that defaulted Loans are sold, it is highly unlikely that the 
proceeds from such sale will be equal to the amount of unpaid principal and interest 
thereon, which would adversely affect the value of the Notes. 
Investment in a Loan is also subject to interest rate risk and reinvestment risk. 
Prepayments of a Loan are likely to be made during any period of declining interest rates.

--- Page 53 ---
RISK FACTORS 
53
Such prepayments may result in a Loan Obligor seeking to replace the Loan with lower-
yielding investments. 
(iv) 
The Loan may be subject to restrictions on transfer 
The Loan may be subject to contractual or other restrictions on transfer, sale, pledge or 
other disposition. These restrictions may adversely affect the marketability and liquidity of 
the Notes. 
(v) 
The collateral and security arrangements under the Loan may not have been 
properly created or perfected, or may be subject to other legal or regulatory 
restrictions  
Whilst the Issuer will invest in the Loan, the collateral and security arrangements in relation 
to the Loan will be subject to such security or collateral having been correctly created and 
perfected and any applicable legal or regulatory requirements which may restrict the giving 
of collateral or security by a Loan Obligor under the Loan, such as, for example, thin 
capitalisation, over-indebtedness, financial assistance and corporate benefit requirements. 
If the Loan does not benefit from the expected collateral or security arrangements this may 
affect the value of the investment made by the Noteholders in the Notes. 
(vi) 
In the event of a default under the Loan, the outstanding aggregate principal amount 
of the Notes may exceed the value of recovery possible under the collateral or 
security arrangements that support the Loan  
If a default were to occur in relation to the Loan and the Issuer exercises its rights to 
enforce the collateral or security arrangements that support the Loan, the value of 
recoveries under those arrangements may be smaller than the outstanding aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes (whether due to external factors such as changes in the 
market for the assets to which the security or collateral relates, general economic 
conditions or otherwise). 
(jj) 
Commodity linked Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the amount of interest and/or principal payable is linked to the 
market value of a commodity at such time. Such payment may be less than the full amount of the 
Noteholders’ initial investment and result in Noteholders not receiving repayment of all or any of 
their initial investment in commodity linked Notes. 
(kk) 
Fund linked Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the amount of principal and/or interest payable is dependent 
upon the price or changes in the price of units or shares in a fund or funds or, depending on the 
price or changes in the price of units or shares in such fund or funds, the Issuer’s obligation on 
redemption is to deliver a specified amount of fund shares. Accordingly an investment in fund 
linked Notes may bear similar market risks to a direct fund investment and potential investors 
should take advice accordingly. 
If the amount of principal and/or interest payable is determined in conjunction with a multiplier 
greater than one or by reference to some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the price 
of the units or shares of the fund or funds on principal or interest payable will be magnified. 
The market price of such Notes may be volatile and may depend on the time remaining to the 
redemption date and the volatility of the price of units or shares in the fund or funds. The price of 
units or shares in a fund may be affected by the economic, financial and political events in one or 
more jurisdictions, including factors affecting the exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which any

--- Page 54 ---
RISK FACTORS 
54
units in the fund or funds may be traded. In addition, the price of units or shares in a fund may be 
affected by the performance of the fund service providers, and in particular the investment 
adviser. 
(ll) 
Notes linked to Offshore Assets 
Where the Notes are linked to deposits, bonds, or other underlying assets located in a jurisdiction 
(a “Local Jurisdiction”) outside the United Kingdom (an “Offshore Asset”), the security created 
by the Issuer in favour of the Trustee on behalf of the Noteholders and other Secured Creditors in 
relation to the Offshore Asset may include English law security and local law security (the “Local 
Security”) over the Issuer’s rights in respect of the Offshore Asset under the relevant local law 
security agreement (the “Local Security Agreement”). Such English law security interests may 
not be enforceable in the Local Jurisdiction. 
No assurance can be given as to the priority of the security created by any Local Security 
Agreement relative to any other security that might be created over the Offshore Asset and, 
depending on the Local Jurisdiction, there may be a material risk that the Local Security 
Agreement will not be enforceable in the Local Jurisdiction. There may not be any specific 
legislation in the Local Jurisdiction concerning the creation or perfection of security over accounts 
held with banks, bonds, or other assets. 
The procedure for enforcing in the Local Jurisdiction the security created by the Local Security 
Agreement, including bringing proceedings in Local Jurisdiction courts, may take longer than in 
other jurisdictions and the outcome may be less certain. Accordingly, prospective investors should 
be aware of the significant legal risks in purchasing the Notes linked to rights enforceable in the 
relevant Local Jurisdiction through the courts of the Local Jurisdiction. 
The Offshore Asset may not be admitted to any trading market and may not be readily realisable. 
It is unlikely that a secondary market would exist or would develop in respect of an Offshore Asset 
and, as a result, following the occurrence of an Early Redemption Trigger Date or Enforcement 
Event in respect of the Notes the sale, transfer or realisation of the Offshore Asset may be 
restricted or impossible and/or the proceeds from any such sale, transfer or realisation of the 
Offshore Asset may be limited and result in a return to Noteholders significantly less than par and 
which may be zero or may result in payments under the Notes being delayed. 
Some jurisdictions carry greater risk than others and the enforceability of rights over the Offshore 
Asset may be affected by changes in political, economic or other factors, most of which are 
beyond the Issuer’s control. Factors that could have a material adverse effect include, but are not 
limited to, the following: 
(i) 
political and economic instability; 
(ii) 
the outbreak or escalation of armed hostilities, or the threat of such outbreaks; 
(iii) 
failure to obtain necessary governmental or regulatory approvals, as well as the burden and 
costs of compliance with a variety of local laws and regulations, whether as a result of 
current laws and regulations or due to changes in those laws and regulations; 
(iv) 
uncertainties relating to the application of legal requirements and the enforceability of laws 
and contractual obligations; 
(v) 
expropriation of private enterprises; 
(vi) 
the ability of the Issuer’s affiliated entities to pay dividends and group contributions, which 
is subject to regulatory limits, including local company laws, exchange controls and other 
regulations;

--- Page 55 ---
RISK FACTORS 
55
(vii) 
in respect of Offshore Assets governed by local laws, such local laws may not be as 
predictable as English law, which may result in unexpected interpretations of or 
amendments to the terms of Offshore Assets which neither the Issuer nor the Noteholders 
may be able to control; and 
(viii) 
other external factors. 
For further information relating to assets linked to emerging market jurisdictions, please see the 
risk factor titled “Risks relating to the assets - Emerging Market Risk” below. 
4 
Risks relating to the assets
(a) 
Collateral 
The Collateral relating to any Notes will be subject to credit, liquidity and interest rate risks. In the 
event of an insolvency of an issuer or obligor in respect of any Collateral, various insolvency and 
related laws applicable to such issuer or obligor may (directly or indirectly) limit the amount the 
Issuer or the Trustee may recover in respect of such Collateral. The obligor of any Collateral may 
also be subject to a resolution regime (see the risk factor titled “Risks relating to the Notes – 
Resolution of financial institutions” above). 
Depending on the type of the Collateral, there might only be limited liquidity for such assets and 
generally, but especially in times of financial distress, the Collateral may either not be saleable at 
all or may only be saleable at significant discounts to its fair market value or to the amount 
originally invested. 
If the Issuer has entered into a Repo Agreement, an SL Agreement or a Credit Support Annex as 
part of its Swap Agreement, by virtue of the collateral requirements applicable to any such 
arrangements, the Collateral held by it from time to time may comprise assets other than, or in 
addition to, the Original Collateral, or may comprise less Collateral than the amount held by it on 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Series (as may be adjusted on each subsequent Issue 
Date), as assets will be required to be delivered by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty, Repo 
Counterparty or SL Counterparty (as applicable) which have an aggregate value (after the 
application of any relevant haircut) at least equal to the exposure that the Swap Counterparty has 
to the Issuer under the Swap Agreement, the Repo Counterparty under the Repo Agreement or 
the SL Counterparty has under the SL Agreement (as applicable). If the Issuer holds other or 
additional assets, the types of assets that may comprise Collateral may be diverse and may be 
less liquid and more volatile than the Original Collateral.  
If:  
(i) 
pursuant to the terms of the Credit Support Annex, cash is posted to the Issuer (which will 
be credited to the CSA Cash Account), interest (if any) will accrue in accordance with the 
Custodian’s deposit terms and conditions. Such interest rate may be positive (in which case 
interest will be credited to the CSA Cash Account) or negative (in which case the Swap 
Counterparty will pay an additional amount to the Issuer under the Credit Support Annex); 
(ii) 
pursuant to the terms of the Repo Agreement, cash is posted to the Issuer (which will be 
credited to the Repo Cash Account), interest (if any) will accrue in accordance with the 
Custodian’s deposit terms and conditions. Such interest rate may be positive (in which case 
interest will be credited to the Repo Cash Account) or negative (in which case the Repo 
Counterparty will pay an additional amount to the Issuer under the Repo Agreement); or 
(iii) 
pursuant to the terms of the SL Agreement, cash is posted to the Issuer (which will be 
credited to the SL Cash Account), interest (if any) will accrue in accordance with the

--- Page 56 ---
RISK FACTORS 
56
Custodian’s deposit terms and conditions. Such interest rate may be positive (in which case 
interest will be credited to the SL Cash Account) or negative (in which case the SL 
Counterparty will pay an additional amount to the Issuer under the SL Agreement). 
See the risk factor titled “Risks relating to the Notes – Application of negative interest rates” 
above. 
If Notes redeem other than on the Maturity Date, the Collateral relating thereto will be Liquidated. 
No assurance can be given as to the amount of proceeds of any Liquidation of such Collateral at 
that time since the market value of such Collateral will be affected by a number of factors including 
but not limited to (i) the creditworthiness of the issuers and obligors of the Collateral, (ii) market 
perception, interest rates, yields and foreign exchange rates, (iii) the time remaining to the 
scheduled maturity of the Collateral and (iv) the liquidity of the Collateral. Accordingly, the price at 
which such Collateral is sold or liquidated may be at a discount, which could be substantial, to the 
market value of the Collateral on the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Series (or any 
subsequent Issue Date (as applicable)) and the proceeds of any such sale or liquidation when 
taken together with the proceeds of termination of any related Swap Agreement, Repo Agreement 
and SL Agreement (as applicable) and any other assets available to the Issuer that relate to the 
relevant Series may not be sufficient to repay the full amount of principal of and interest on the 
relevant Notes that the holders of such Notes would expect to receive if the Notes were redeemed 
in accordance with their terms on their Maturity Date. 
(b) 
Original Collateral subordination 
The Original Collateral relating to any Notes may (but is not required to) comprise direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Original Collateral Obligor. In the 
event of any dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Original Collateral Obligor, in bankruptcy 
or otherwise, the payment of principal and interest on any such subordinated Original Collateral 
will be subordinated to the prior payment in full of all the Original Collateral Obligor’s present and 
future unsubordinated creditors.  
Where the Original Collateral comprises sukuk and an Indirect Obligor is specified in the 
applicable Accessory Conditions, the payment of principal and interest on such Original Collateral 
will be dependent on the obligations of the Indirect Obligor, which may also be subordinated 
obligations. 
As a result of the subordinated nature of such Original Collateral, the value attributed thereto by 
dealers in the market is likely to be substantially less than the value attributed to unsubordinated 
debt obligations of the Original Collateral Obligor and the Indirect Obligor (where applicable). In 
particular, the value of such Original Collateral will be affected if the Original Collateral Obligor or 
the Indirect Obligor (where applicable) is or is likely to be dissolved, liquidated or wound up (which 
may occur in conjunction with an Original Collateral Default) and could be zero. The value of the 
Original Collateral is an integral component of the Early Redemption Amount that will be payable 
on the Notes were they to be redeemed early and will directly impact the return of the Noteholders 
upon early redemption. 
(c) 
Suspension of payments under the Notes, the Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement and 
the SL Agreement during the Original Collateral Default Suspension Period 
The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes will be suspended for up to 10 Reference 
Business Days pursuant to the provisions of “Master Conditions – Condition 8(t) (Suspension of 
Payments and Calculations)” if the Calculation Agent determines that facts exist which may 
amount to an Original Collateral Default following the expiration of any applicable grace period. 
During the Original Collateral Default Suspension Period (i) the Issuer shall make no payments on

--- Page 57 ---
RISK FACTORS 
57
account of principal and/or interest under the Notes, (ii) neither the Issuer nor the Swap 
Counterparty shall make any payments or deliveries under the Swap Agreement, (iii) neither the 
Issuer nor the Repo Counterparty shall make any payments or deliveries under the Repo 
Agreement and (iv) neither the Issuer nor the SL Counterparty shall make any payments or 
deliveries under the SL Agreement.  
If an Original Collateral Default (i) occurs during the Original Collateral Default Suspension Period 
then no further payments will be made under the Notes in respect of principal and/or interest and 
the Notes will be redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount or (ii) has not occurred on the final 
Reference Business Day of the Original Collateral Default Suspension Period, any principal and/or 
interest amount which would otherwise have been payable will be payable on the second 
Reference Business Day following the earlier of (A) the final Reference Business Day of such 
Original Collateral Default Suspension Period or (B) the date on which the Calculation Agent 
determines that the events which may have resulted in the Original Collateral Default have been 
remedied or no longer exist. 
Noteholders will not be entitled to receive any further payments as a result of such suspension 
and the corresponding delay in payment of any principal and/or interest amount (including, without 
limitation, any default interest). 
(d) 
Likelihood of Original Collateral Default 
The likelihood of an Original Collateral Default occurring will generally fluctuate with, among other 
things, the financial condition and other characteristics of the Original Collateral Obligor or the 
Indirect Obligor (where applicable), general economic conditions, the condition of certain financial 
markets, political events, developments or trends in any particular industry and changes in 
prevailing interest rates. Prospective investors should review the Original Collateral Obligor and 
the Indirect Obligor (where applicable) and conduct their own investigation and analysis with 
respect to the creditworthiness of the Original Collateral Obligor and the Indirect Obligor (where 
applicable) and the likelihood of the occurrence of an Original Collateral Default. 
(e) 
No claim against any Original Collateral Obligor or Indirect Obligor 
The Notes will not represent a claim against the Original Collateral Obligor or Indirect Obligor 
(where applicable) and, in the event of any loss, a Noteholder will not have recourse under the 
Notes to the Original Collateral Obligor or Indirect Obligor (where applicable). 
(f) 
Consequence of Original Collateral Disruption Event 
If an Original Collateral Disruption Event occurs (being, in summary, the adjustment or 
replacement of any interest rate, index, benchmark or price source by reference to which any 
amount payable under the Original Collateral is determined), the Calculation Agent may deliver a 
notice to the Issuer requiring it to (i) amend the terms of the Notes or (ii) redeem the Notes. 
The purpose of any such amendments (the “Original Collateral Disruption Event 
Amendments”) must be to account for any Original Collateral Disruption Event Losses/Gains 
incurred by the Swap Counterparty and/or the Repo Counterparty and/or the SL Counterparty, 
which will typically be determined by reference to any difference between the cash flows under the 
Original Collateral and any transactions in place to hedge the Swap Counterparty’s obligations 
under the Swap Transactions under the Swap Agreement and/or the Repo Counterparty’s 
obligations under the Repo Transactions under the Repo Agreement and/or the SL Counterparty’s 
obligations under the SL Transactions under the SL Agreement (as applicable) which have 
resulted following the occurrence of an Original Collateral Disruption Event. If there are no such 
hedge transactions, the Original Collateral Disruption Event Losses/Gains will include any change

--- Page 58 ---
RISK FACTORS 
58
to the amounts scheduled to be paid by the Original Collateral Obligor pursuant to the terms of the 
Original Collateral following the occurrence of an Original Collateral Disruption Event. 
The Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments may result in any interest amount and/or 
principal amount payable pursuant to the Notes being increased or decreased. Consequently, 
amendments made as a result of an Original Collateral Disruption Event may not be beneficial to 
the Noteholders. 
(g) 
Emerging Market risk 
An investment in the Notes may, as a result of the nature of the Collateral or the jurisdiction of the 
Original Collateral Obligor or Indirect Obligor (where applicable), represent an investment in, 
among other things, emerging markets (“Emerging Markets”). Emerging Markets are located in 
countries that possess one or more of the following characteristics: a certain degree of political 
instability, relatively unpredictable financial markets and economic growth patterns, a financial 
market that is still at the development stage or a weak economy. Emerging Markets investments 
usually result in higher risk such as political risks, economical risks, credit risks, exchange rate 
risks, market liquidity risks, legal risks, settlement risks, market risks, shareholder risks and 
creditor risks which could adversely impact the Notes and the Noteholders could suffer losses as 
a result. 
5 
Risks relating to Credit Linked Notes
The following risks apply only to those Notes in respect of which the CLN Conditions Supplement is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Pricing Terms. 
(a) 
Exposure to Reference Entities, Reference Entity Obligations, Underlying Obligations, 
Underlying Obligors, Reference Obligations and Deliverable Obligations 
Unless otherwise provided in the relevant Pricing Terms, investors in Credit Linked Notes are 
exposed to the credit risks and other risks associated with each relevant Reference Entity and 
their Reference Entity Obligations, Underlying Obligations, Underlying Obligors, Reference 
Obligations, Deliverable Obligations and any relevant jurisdictional risks. 
Linear Basket CLNs are linked to the credit risk of more than one Reference Entity and the 
likelihood of a Credit Event occurring and the risk of loss of principal or loss of interest on a Linear 
Basket CLN may therefore be greater than for a Single Name CLN which is linked to the credit risk 
of only one Reference Entity. With respect to Linear Basket CLNs, a Credit Event in respect of just 
one Reference Entity in the basket will lead to the redemption in part at an amount determined by 
reference to the Reference Entity Notional Amount relating to such Reference Entity in 
accordance with the relevant Credit Event Settlement Method. The likelihood of a Credit Event 
occurring in respect of any of the Reference Entities referenced by a Linear Basket CLN will differ 
for each Reference Entity and prospective investors should conduct their own analysis of the 
credit risk of each of the multiple Reference Entities for the relevant Linear Basket CLN. 
Further, in respect of Linear Basket CLNs, the credit risk to Noteholders may be increased, 
amongst other things, as a result of the concentration of Reference Entities in a particular industry 
sector or geographic area, or the exposure of the Reference Entities to similar financial or other 
risks as other Reference Entities. 
The risk that the Noteholders bear in relation to the Credit Linked Notes is a function of both the 
risk of a Credit Event occurring in respect of the Reference Entity or Entities and the risk relating 
to the amount that may be recovered following such Credit Event. Where a Credit Event results in 
a high recovery rate, the Noteholders will incur a relatively small loss. Conversely, where a Credit 
Event results in a low recovery rate, Noteholders will incur a larger loss.

--- Page 59 ---
RISK FACTORS 
59
(b) 
Synthetic exposure 
Prospective investors should note that the Credit Linked Notes do not represent a claim against 
any Reference Entity and, in the event of any loss, investors in Credit Linked Notes will not have 
recourse under the Credit Linked Notes to any Reference Entity nor shall a Noteholder have any 
legal, beneficial or other interest whatsoever in any of the Reference Entity Obligations, the 
Reference Obligations, the Valuation Obligations or the Deliverable Obligations relating to a Credit 
Linked Note. The Issuer is not obliged to own or hold any Reference Entity Obligation or 
Reference Obligation, and no inference may be drawn from the Programme, the Additional CLN 
Conditions or any relevant Pricing Terms that the Issuer holds any such Reference Entity 
Obligation or Reference Obligation or has any credit exposure to any Reference Entity. Amounts 
payable under the Credit Linked Notes are not, in any direct or indirect way, limited by, associated 
with, or linked or calculated by reference to, any loss of bargain, cost of funding or any other 
actual loss or cost suffered by the Issuer as a result of its holding or not holding any Reference 
Entity Obligation or Reference Obligation. Amounts received by holders of Credit Linked Notes 
may be lower than would have been the case if the Issuer, or the investor directly, were to hold 
the Reference Entity, Reference Entity Obligation or Reference Obligation. 
(c) 
Credit Events 
Prospective investors should note that not all Credit Events have easily ascertainable triggers and 
disputes can and have arisen as to whether a specific event did or did not constitute a Credit 
Event. However, under the Credit Linked Notes, the ISDA DC and/or the Swap Counterparty’s 
determination of a Credit Event will, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding 
on all persons (including, without limitation, the Noteholders), notwithstanding the disagreement of 
such persons or other financial institutions, rating agencies or commentators. 
The occurrence or non-occurrence of a Credit Event will directly and materially affect the return 
and/or the value of the investor’s investment in the Credit Linked Notes. The likelihood of a Credit 
Event occurring in respect of any Reference Entity will generally fluctuate with, among other 
things, the financial condition and other characteristics of such Reference Entity, general 
economic conditions, the condition of certain financial markets, political events, developments or 
trends in any particular industry and changes in prevailing interest rates. Public information which 
is available in relation to any Reference Entity may be incomplete, misleading or out-of-date. 
Unless, in accordance with the Additional CLN Conditions, the ISDA DC makes a DC Credit Event 
Announcement or a DC No Credit Event Announcement and the Swap Counterparty is bound by 
such determination, the Swap Counterparty has the right to serve a Credit Event Notice and, if 
applicable, a Notice of Publicly Available Information in respect of a Reference Entity. The Swap 
Counterparty cannot make such determination without some information to support its 
determination that a Credit Event has occurred and where a Notice of Publicly Available 
Information is applicable it must cite Publicly Available Information confirming the occurrence of 
the Credit Event described in the Credit Event Notice. 
The Credit Event Notice and Notice of Publicly Available Information (if applicable) are effective 
when delivered to the Issuer. The delivery of or failure to deliver copies of a Credit Event Notice 
and Notice of Publicly Available Information (if applicable) to Noteholders will not affect the 
effectiveness of such notices. 
(d) 
Risk of loss of principal 
Investors bear the risk of loss of principal if a Credit Event and a relevant Event Determination 
Date occur. The Early Redemption Amount payable under the Credit Linked Notes following the 
occurrence of a Credit Event and a relevant Event Determination Date in accordance with

--- Page 60 ---
RISK FACTORS 
60
Additional CLN Condition 2(a) (Redemption Following the Occurrence of an Event Determination 
Date) is likely to be less than the outstanding principal amount of the Credit Linked Notes (or, in 
the case of (i) Linear Basket CLNs, a portion thereof equal to the Reference Entity Notional 
Amount in respect of the Affected Reference Entity and (ii) all Credit Linked Notes, if the 
applicable Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event, an amount equal to the Exercise 
Amount) and may be zero. 
See also the risk factor entitled “Risks relating to Credit Linked Notes – Risks relating to the Credit 
Event Settlement Method” below. 
(e) 
Risk of loss of Interest 
Save as otherwise provided in the relevant Pricing Terms, if a Credit Event occurs, interest will 
cease to accrue on the Credit Linked Notes (or, in the case of (i) Linear Basket CLNs, a portion 
thereof equal to the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Affected Reference Entity and (ii) all 
Credit Linked Notes, if the applicable Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event, an 
amount equal to the Exercise Amount as at the Interest Payment Date (or Interest 
Commencement Date where no Interest Payment Date has occurred)) occurring on or 
immediately preceding the relevant Event Determination Date. 
(f) 
Suspension of Issuer’s obligations to make interest payments under the Credit Linked 
Notes 
Pursuant to Additional CLN Condition 3 (Interest on Credit Linked Notes) if (a) an Applicable DC 
Credit Event Question has been submitted on or prior to an Interest Payment Date in respect of 
which (i) the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has not yet Resolved the Applicable 
DC Credit Event Question or (ii) the DC Secretary has not yet announced that the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee will not be convening to Resolve the Applicable DC Credit 
Event Question or (b) the Calculation Agent determines that facts exist which may amount to a 
Credit Event, then the payment of interest (if any) under the Credit Linked Notes will be 
suspended (or, in the case of Linear Basket CLNs, a portion thereof equal to the Reference Entity 
Notional Amount of the Reference Entity in respect of which a potential Credit Event may occur). 
Noteholders will not receive payment of such suspended interest amount until (i) an Applicable DC 
Credit Event Announcement is made but the Calculation Agent determines that the Event 
Determination Date relating thereto is a date falling after such Suspended Interest Payment Date, 
(ii)  an Applicable DC No Credit Event Announcement is made, (iii) (unless a Credit Event Notice 
has been delivered) an Applicable DC Credit Event Question Dismissal is made, or (iv) the 
Calculation Agent determines that a potential Credit Event has not occurred. The Noteholders will 
be paid the suspended interest amount five Reference Business Days following the date of the 
relevant announcement by the DC Secretary or the date on which the Calculation Agent makes 
such determination, as applicable. No additional amount of interest will be payable to the 
Noteholders by the Issuer in connection with the delay or postponement in payment of an interest 
amount. 
If an Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement is made and the corresponding Event 
Determination Date falls on or prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date then the suspended 
interest amount will no longer be due under the Credit Linked Notes and interest will be deemed to 
cease to accrue on the Credit Linked Notes (or, in the case of Linear Basket CLNs, a portion 
thereof equal to the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Affected Reference Entity) from and 
including the Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date if there is no 
immediately preceding Interest Payment Date) immediately preceding such Event Determination 
Date.

--- Page 61 ---
RISK FACTORS 
61
If an Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement is made and the corresponding Credit Event is 
an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event, the proportion of the suspended interest amount which 
relates to (i) the Applicable Proportion shall no longer be due under the Credit Linked Notes and 
will be deemed to have ceased to accrue from and including the Interest Payment Date (or the 
Interest Commencement Date if there is no immediately preceding Interest Payment Date) 
immediately preceding such Event Determination Date and (ii) the remaining suspended interest 
amount will be paid to Noteholders five Reference Business Days following the date on which the 
relevant Credit Event Notice is delivered. 
(g) 
Suspension of Issuer’s obligations to make principal payments under the Credit Linked 
Notes 
Pursuant to Additional CLN Condition 9 (Effect of DC Announcements) if following the occurrence 
of a relevant Event Determination Date but prior to the relevant Credit Loss Valuation Date, an 
Applicable DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement has been made any obligation to redeem the 
Credit Linked Notes in whole or in part shall be suspended until the date of an Applicable DC 
Credit Event Announcement or Applicable DC Credit Event Question Dismissal, as applicable. 
See also the risk factor entitled “Redemption after Scheduled Maturity Date” below. 
(h) 
Early Redemption Amount in respect of Credit Linked Notes following the occurrence of an 
Event Determination Date 
If a Credit Event occurs with respect to any Reference Entity, the Applicable Proportion of the 
Credit Linked Notes will fall due for redemption at an amount equal in aggregate to the Early 
Redemption Amount and no further payments of interest and/or principal in respect of the 
Applicable Proportion of such Credit Linked Notes will be due and payable. For a description of 
“Applicable Proportion”, please refer to “What is the Applicable Proportion?” of the Annex to the 
CLN Conditions Supplement Frequently Asked Questions on page 292 of this Base Prospectus. 
(i) 
Risks relating to the Credit Event Settlement Method 
The Credit Event Settlement Method (i.e. one of “Auction Settlement”, “Cash Settlement” or “Fixed 
Recovery Settlement”) specified in the relevant Pricing Terms will affect how the Credit Linked 
Notes are redeemed. Prospective investors should assess whether the Credit Event Settlement 
Method is appropriate for them prior to investing in the Credit Linked Notes. 
(i) 
Auction Settlement 
If “Auction Settlement” is specified as applicable in the relevant Pricing Terms, then the 
amounts payable by and/or rights and obligations of the parties under the Credit Linked 
Notes in respect of the relevant Reference Entity or Reference Obligation will be 
determined by reference to the Auction Final Price. This may result in a lower recovery 
value than a Reference Entity or Reference Obligation would have if such Auction Final 
Price had not been used. 
If an ISDA DC does not decide to conduct an Auction with respect to obligations of the 
relevant Reference Entity satisfying the relevant characteristics as set out in the relevant 
Pricing Terms, then Cash Settlement shall apply. Cash Settlement shall also apply if the 
Swap Counterparty determines in its sole discretion it should apply by reference to any 
internal or external credit default swap hedges whether in whole or in part or on a portfolio 
basis (including, but not limited to, credit default swaptions) that the Swap Counterparty has 
entered into in connection with the Credit Linked Notes. In such circumstances, the Final 
Price will be determined in accordance with the highest Quotation obtained by the

--- Page 62 ---
RISK FACTORS 
62
Calculation Agent (or otherwise in accordance with the definition of “Quotation”) in respect 
of the Valuation Obligations. 
In the event of a Governmental Intervention Credit Event or certain Restructuring Credit 
Events which constitute an Asset Package Credit Event, the Auction Final Price may be 
determined by reference to the value of the Asset Package received or retained by a 
Relevant Holder in place of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond in 
connection with such Asset Package Credit Event. Such Asset Package may be worth 
significantly less than the original Package Observable Bond prior to such Asset Package 
Credit Event and may result in a significantly lower Early Redemption Amount being paid 
out to Noteholders than would have been the case following the relevant Credit Event had 
the Auction Final Price been determined only by reference to Deliverable Obligations. 
(ii) 
Cash Settlement 
If “Cash Settlement” applies with respect to the Credit Linked Notes, the Calculation Agent 
will value the Valuation Obligation(s) by asking for Full Quotations from Quotation Dealers. 
The date, time and method of such auction, and the selection of the Valuation Obligation(s), 
will impact the Final Price. The Quotation Dealers specified in the applicable Pricing Terms 
or otherwise selected by the Calculation Agent must be financial institutions, funds or other 
entities that deal in obligations of the type of Valuation Obligation(s); however, the 
Quotation Dealers have no duty towards any Noteholder and may not be aware that the 
purpose of the auction is to determine a Final Price for purposes of the Credit Linked Notes 
or any other Credit Linked Notes. 
Investors should note that the Final Price determined pursuant to a dealer poll may be 
significantly different to any Auction Final Price. 
In the event of a Governmental Intervention Credit Event or certain Restructuring Credit 
Events which constitute an Asset Package Credit Event, the Final Price may be determined 
by reference to the value of the Asset Package received or retained by a Relevant Holder in 
place of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond which would 
otherwise have been valued in order to determine the Final Price. Such Asset Package 
may be worth significantly less than the original Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond prior to such Asset Package Credit Event and may result in a significantly 
lower Early Redemption Amount being paid out to Noteholders than would have been the 
case following the relevant Credit Event had the Final Price been determined only by 
reference to Deliverable Obligations. 
(iii) 
Fixed Recovery Settlement 
If “Fixed Recovery Settlement” is specified to be applicable in the relevant Pricing Terms, 
following the occurrence of a Credit Event and related Event Determination Date, the return 
a Noteholder receives under the Credit Linked Notes (or if the Credit Linked Notes are 
Linear Basket CLNs, in respect of a proportion of the Reference Entity Notional Amount 
attributable to the relevant Reference Entity) will be determined by reference to the Fixed 
Recovery Percentage specified in the relevant Pricing Terms. 
(j) 
Determination of Final Price 
Whilst the Final Price is determined by reference to Quotations, if no Full Quotations are obtained 
or if there remains a portion for which a Full Quotation has not been obtained, the Final Price shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in its sole discretion and may be 
zero. Where an asset the value of which is being sought is illiquid or of a low notional amount,

--- Page 63 ---
RISK FACTORS 
63
there may be a limited availability of dealers willing to provide Full Quotations. No assurance can 
be given that sufficient numbers of Full Quotations will be available.
(k) 
Partial exercise following an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event 
Restructuring as a Credit Event is unique in that there are three variations of this Credit Event 
which can apply to Reference Entities. The M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event relates to a Mod R 
or Mod Mod R Restructuring Credit Event. The Swap Counterparty has the right in such 
circumstances to trigger a partial redemption of the Credit Linked Notes equal to the Exercise 
Amount. Such Exercise Amount may be less than the Reference Entity Notional Amount for a 
Single Name CLN (or in relation to Linear Basket CLNs, the proportion of a Note equal to the 
Reference Entity Notional Amount attributable to the Affected Reference Entity). This mirrors the 
right the protection buyer would have under a credit default swap to trigger partial settlement of 
the credit default swap following an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event and related Event 
Determination Date. 
(l) 
Reference Obligation Subordination 
Where, in respect of a Series, a Reference Obligation is a subordinated obligation of the 
Reference Entity, in the event of the winding up of the Reference Entity in bankruptcy or 
otherwise, the payment of principal on the Reference Obligation will be subordinated to the prior 
payment in full of all of the present and future unsubordinated creditors of the Reference Entity. As 
such, Noteholders should be aware that, upon a Credit Event, if the Auction includes, or 
Quotations are obtained in respect of, subordinated obligations this may result in an Auction Final 
Price or Final Price (as applicable) that is substantially less than the Auction Final Price or Final 
Price (as applicable) that would have been determined in respect of senior obligations and could 
be zero.
(m) 
Successors and Substitute Reference Obligations 
Following a Succession Date, one or more Successors will (unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Pricing Terms) be deemed to be a Reference Entity in replacement of (or in addition to, 
as applicable) the relevant Reference Entity originally specified in the relevant Pricing Terms. 
Further, upon a Reference Obligation ceasing to exist in the manner specified in the definition 
thereof, a Substitute Reference Obligation may be selected. 
As a result of the circumstances discussed in the preceding paragraph, a Series of Credit Linked 
Notes may be linked to the credit of one or more Reference Entities and their Reference Entity 
Obligations and Reference Obligations notwithstanding that such Reference Entities, Reference 
Entity Obligations and Reference Obligations were not specified in the relevant Pricing Terms 
upon issuance of such Series of Credit Linked Notes. 
If one or more Successors are identified in respect of a Reference Entity this could increase the 
likelihood of a Credit Event and related Event Determination Date occurring in respect of the 
Credit Linked Notes. 
Although the Calculation Agent has the right to make a determination as to whether or not a 
succession event has occurred, the Calculation Agent will not make such determination if the 
ISDA DC has already determined that there is no Successor based on the relevant succession to 
Relevant Obligations. 
(n) 
Redemption after Scheduled Maturity Date 
The Early Redemption Date may be later than the Scheduled Maturity Date. If the Calculation 
Agent determines that one or more Reference Entities is or may be subject to (a) a Credit Event, 
(b) if “Grace Period Extension” is specified as applicable in the relevant Pricing Terms, a Potential

--- Page 64 ---
RISK FACTORS 
64
Failure to Pay or, (c) if “Repudiation/Moratorium” is specified as applicable in the relevant Pricing 
Terms, a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, the Credit Linked Notes then outstanding shall not be 
redeemed on the Scheduled Maturity Date but shall be redeemed instead on the Extended 
Maturity Date. If the Calculation Agent notifies the Issuer that the Credit Linked Notes will redeem 
on the Extended Maturity Date, an Event Determination Date may occur on or prior to the 
Extended Maturity Date, in which case the Credit Linked Notes will instead redeem in accordance 
with Additional CLN Condition 2(a) (Redemption Following the Occurrence of an Event 
Determination Date). 
If an Event Determination Date (i) has not occurred on or prior to the Notes Extension Date then 
the Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed on the fifth Reference Business Day following the Notes 
Extension Date or (ii) has occurred on or prior to the Notes Extension Date then the Credit Linked 
Notes will be redeemed on the Early Redemption Date in accordance with the applicable Credit 
Event Settlement Method. No further interest amount will be payable under the Credit Linked 
Notes following the occurrence of a relevant Event Determination Date from and including the 
Interest Payment Date immediately preceding such Event Determination Date or such other date 
specified in the relevant Pricing Terms (as applicable).
(o) 
Additional CLN Conditions 
The terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes do not incorporate by reference the 
definitions and provisions of the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, as such definitions may 
be amended by the supplements thereto and there may be differences between the definitions 
used in the Additional CLN Conditions and the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions. As such, 
investing in Credit Linked Notes is not exactly the same as entering into a credit default swap that 
incorporates the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions. 
While ISDA has published the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions in order to facilitate 
transactions and promote uniformity in the credit derivatives market, the credit derivatives market 
is expected to continue to evolve and change. Consequently, the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions and the terms applied to credit derivatives, including Credit Linked Notes, are subject 
to interpretation and further evolution. Past events have shown that the views of market 
participants may differ as to how the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions operate or should 
operate. As a result of the continued evolution in the market, interpretation of the Credit Linked 
Notes may differ in the future because of future market standards. Such a result may have a 
negative impact on the Credit Linked Notes. 
There can be no assurances that changes to the terms applicable to credit derivatives generally 
will be predictable or favourable to the Issuer or Noteholders. Future amendments or supplements 
to the terms applicable to credit derivatives generally will only apply to Credit Linked Notes that 
have already been issued if the Issuer and the Noteholders agree to amend the Credit Linked 
Notes to incorporate such amendments or supplements and other conditions to amending the 
Credit Linked Notes have been met, an exception to this is if the Calculation Agent determines 
that a Change in Standard Hedging Terms has occurred (see the risk factor entitled "Change in 
Standard Hedging Terms" below). 
The 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions introduced the Asset Package Delivery provisions. 
The Asset Package may comprise a wide range of assets and so Noteholders should be aware it 
is difficult to predict how the Asset Market Value will be determined or what the terms of the 
Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms will be. The Calculation Agent has discretion to 
adjust the Auction Final Price for any Asset Package if it determines that the Auction Final Price 
does not reflect the price for the entire Asset Package and in doing so the Calculation Agent may,

--- Page 65 ---
RISK FACTORS 
65
but is not obliged to, have regard to any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms published by 
ISDA to settle credit derivatives transactions following an Asset Package Credit Event. 
If the Calculation Agent decides to amend the Auction Final Price in such circumstances any 
corresponding adjustment to the price must comply with the provisions of Additional CLN 
Condition 6(c) (Auction Final Price of the Asset Package) which includes the Calculation Agent (i) 
preserving the economic effects of the terms of the Credit Linked Notes, and (ii) taking into 
account any method of determining the Asset Market Value of any Asset that is a Non-
Transferable Instrument or a Non-Financial Instrument forming part of the Asset Package but that 
has not been taken into account in the Auction Final Price published by the Administrator (as 
defined in the Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms). The Calculation Agent is also 
under a duty to act in good faith when making such determination pursuant to Additional CLN 
Condition 1(e) (Determination Standard of the Calculation Agent). 
(p) 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees (each, an “ISDA DC”) were established 
pursuant to the March 2009 Supplements to the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions to make 
determinations that are relevant to the majority of the credit derivatives market and to promote 
transparency and consistency. Further information about the ISDA DCs may be found at 
https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/. 
Whether or not a Credit Event or succession has occurred, and certain decisions relating thereto, 
may be dependent on determinations made by the ISDA DC. In certain circumstances, 
determinations made by the Swap Counterparty and/or the Calculation Agent may be overridden 
by subsequent determinations made by an ISDA DC. If the Swap Counterparty delivers a Credit 
Event Notice to the Issuer, the Noteholders should be aware that such notice may be superseded 
by a determination of an ISDA DC. 
The Swap Counterparty and the Calculation Agent as applicable shall have regard to and, where 
applicable, be bound by decisions made by an ISDA DC. 
Noteholders will have no ability to submit questions to an ISDA DC, no influence on the 
composition of an ISDA DC and no recourse to ISDA or to the members of such ISDA DC, in each 
case solely by virtue of being an investor in the Credit Linked Notes. None of the Issuer, the Swap 
Counterparty or the Calculation Agent will have any liability to the Noteholders where they rely on 
a determination of an ISDA DC. 
Noteholders shall have no recourse against the Issuer, the Trustee, the Swap Counterparty, the 
Calculation Agent, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank and or any of its affiliates, any 
institutions serving on an ISDA DC or the external reviewers in the event of any loss arising 
directly or indirectly from any action, determination or resolution taken or made by an ISDA DC. 
(q) 
A Credit Event may occur even if the Issuer and/or Swap Counterparty suffers no loss 
The Issuer’s obligations under the Credit Linked Notes and the Swap Transaction are irrespective 
of any loss which the Issuer and/or the Swap Counterparty may suffer as a result of the 
circumstances giving rise to a Credit Event and related Event Determination Date. Neither the 
Issuer nor the Swap Counterparty are required to suffer any loss, liability or other detriment at any 
time as a condition to the occurrence of a Credit Event and related Event Determination Date, nor 
is any party required to have any credit exposure to any Reference Entity at any time. 
(r) 
Hedging 
In the ordinary course of their business, including without limitation in connection with their 
market-making activities, the Swap Counterparty, the Calculation Agent, the Quotation Dealers

--- Page 66 ---
RISK FACTORS 
66
and/or any agent or any Affiliate of any of them (each such entity for the purposes of this risk 
factor, a “Programme Party”) may effect transactions for their own account or for the account of 
their customers and hold long or short positions in any applicable Reference Entity Obligation or 
related derivatives. In addition, in connection with the offering of the Credit Linked Notes, any 
Programme Party may enter into one or more hedging transactions with respect to a Reference 
Entity or Reference Entities, any applicable Reference Entity Obligation or related derivatives. 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank has policies and procedures in place to identify 
and manage any conflicts of interest that may arise in relation to the above activities, for further 
information see the section of this Base Prospectus entitled “Conflicts of Interest”. In connection 
with such hedging or market-making activities or with respect to proprietary or other trading 
activities by any Programme Party, a Programme Party may enter into transactions with respect to 
the Reference Entity or Entities, any applicable Reference Entity Obligation or related derivatives 
which may affect the market price, liquidity or value of the Credit Linked Notes and which could be 
deemed to be adverse to the interests of the relevant Noteholders. Any Programme Party may 
pursue such hedging or related derivatives actions and take such steps as they deem necessary 
or appropriate to protect their interests without regard to the consequences for any Noteholder. 
(s) 
Change in Standard Hedging Terms 
If the Calculation Agent determines that (a) the terms of any internal or external credit default 
swap hedges whether in whole or in part or on a portfolio basis (including, but not limited to, credit 
default swaptions) that the Swap Counterparty (and/or any of its affiliates) has or may enter into in 
connection with the credit default swap are modified pursuant to any protocol published by ISDA 
or any equivalent market arrangement or (b) market standard terms or market trading conventions 
in the credit derivatives market have changed since the Trade Date of the Credit Linked Notes (a 
“Change in Standard Hedging Terms”), it may make such amendments to the terms of any of 
the Credit Linked Notes and/or the Transaction Documents as it determines (acting in good faith 
and a commercially reasonable manner) are appropriate to account for the effect (including, 
without limitation, the economic effect) of such Change in Standard Hedging Terms on any 
hedging activities that the Swap Counterparty (and/or any of its affiliates) may enter into in 
connection with the credit default swap. 
It is possible that, as a result of such amendments, the interest rate under the Credit Linked Notes 
and/or the credit default swap may change and/or other amendments may be made to the Credit 
Linked Notes and/or the Transaction Documents. The Noteholders will be bound by such 
amendments and it is possible that such amendments may negatively impact the valuation profile 
of the credit default swap, and/or value, marketability and/or return on the Credit Linked Notes and 
Noteholders may suffer a loss. 
(t) 
No Guarantee of Performance 
The Credit Linked Notes constitute direct and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer that are 
linked to the credit risk of each Reference Entity and/or Reference Obligation specified in the 
relevant Pricing Terms. No Programme Party (as defined in the risk factor entitled “Hedging” 
above) guarantees, or otherwise stands behind, the performance of any Reference Entity or 
Reference Obligation or is under any obligation to make good losses suffered as a result of Credit 
Events each of which may negatively impact on the value, marketability and/or return on the 
Credit Linked Notes and the losses that Noteholders may suffer. 
(u) 
LPN Reference Entities 
If the applicable “Transaction Type” in respect of a Reference Entity is specified as “Standard 
Emerging European Corporate LPN” in the relevant Pricing Terms, the Additional CLN Conditions 
will apply in a way that reflects the Additional Provisions for LPN Reference Entities published by

--- Page 67 ---
RISK FACTORS 
67
ISDA on 15 September 2014. The Additional CLN Conditions, among other things, amend and 
expand the definition of “Reference Obligation” to cover (among other things) loan participation 
notes (“LPN”) which, as of the Trade Date for the Swap Transaction, are issued for the sole 
purpose of providing funds for the issuer(s) of such LPN to finance a loan or provide alternative 
finance to the relevant Reference Entity. Accordingly, a Credit Event may occur in respect of 
obligations that are not direct obligations of the relevant Reference Entity. Prospective investors in 
the Credit Linked Notes should conduct their own review and investigation of any LPN which may 
constitute a Reference Obligation, the issuer(s) of such LPN and associated credit risks. 
6 
Risks relating to the Transaction Parties
(a) 
Risks relating to the Swap Counterparty and the Swap Agreement and/or the Repo 
Counterparty and the Repo Agreement and/or the SL Counterparty and the SL Agreement 
(i) 
The Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty and the SL Counterparty  
The ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes may depend on the receipt 
by it of payments under the Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement and/or the SL 
Agreement. Consequently, the Issuer is exposed not only to the occurrence of an Original 
Collateral Default and the volatility in the market value of the Collateral, but also to the 
ability of the Swap Counterparty to perform its obligations under the Swap Agreement, the 
Repo Counterparty to perform its obligations under the Repo Agreement and/or the SL 
Counterparty to perform its obligations under the SL Agreement.  
Default by the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty and/or the SL Counterparty may 
result in the termination of the Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement and/or the SL 
Agreement and, in such circumstance, any amount due to the Issuer upon such termination 
may not be paid in full. 
If on the termination of the Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement or the SL Agreement an 
amount is payable by the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty or the SL 
Counterparty to the Issuer (for the avoidance of doubt, taking into account any collateral 
posted between the parties pursuant to the terms of any Credit Support Annex, the Repo 
Agreement or the SL Agreement), then the Issuer shall have an unsecured claim against 
the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty and/or the SL Counterparty for such 
amount. 
The receipt by the Issuer of payments and/or deliveries under the Swap Agreement and/or 
the Repo Agreement and/or the SL Agreement is also dependent on the timely payment 
and/or delivery by the Issuer of its obligations under the Swap Agreement and/or the Repo 
Agreement and/or the SL Agreement. Consequently, the ability of the Issuer to make timely 
payment and/or delivery of its obligations under the Swap Agreement and/or the Repo 
Agreement and/or the SL Agreement (and not simply the Notes) depends on receipt by it of 
the scheduled payments under and/or deliveries of the Original Collateral (in the case of the 
Swap Agreement, any collateral it has purchased under a Repo Transaction (in the case of 
the Repo Agreement) and any collateral it has received under an SL Agreement (in the 
case of the SL Agreement). 
The Swap Counterparty and/or the Repo Counterparty and/or the SL Counterparty may 
also be subject to a resolution regime (see the risk factor titled “Risks relating to the Notes 
– Resolution of financial institutions” above).

--- Page 68 ---
RISK FACTORS 
68
(ii) 
Termination of the Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement or the SL Agreement 
In the circumstances specified in any Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement and/or the SL 
Agreement entered into by the Issuer in connection with the Notes, the Issuer or the Swap 
Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty and/or the SL Counterparty may terminate all 
outstanding Swap Transactions under the Swap Agreement, the Repo Transactions under 
the Repo Agreement and/or the SL Transactions under the SL Agreement in full, as 
described in the sections of this Base Prospectus titled “The Swap Agreement”, “The Repo 
Agreement” and “The SL Agreement”. Any termination of the Swap Transactions under a 
Swap Agreement, Repo Transactions under a Repo Agreement or the SL Transactions 
under an SL Agreement will result in a redemption in full of the Notes of the relevant Series 
at their Early Redemption Amount. Upon any such redemption, the amount paid to 
Noteholders to redeem such Notes may be significantly less than the Noteholder’s original 
investment in such Notes and may be zero. 
(iii) 
Transfer by the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty or the SL Counterparty 
In respect of a Series, the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty and/or the SL 
Counterparty will require the prior written consent of the Issuer and the Trustee (and, if 
such Series is rated, the affirmation from each Rating Agency then rating the Notes of the 
Series) in order to transfer its interests and obligations in or under the Swap Agreement, 
the Repo Agreement or the SL Agreement (as applicable), except where: 
(A) 
such transfer is pursuant to a consolidation or amalgamation with, or merger with 
or into, or reorganisation, incorporation, reincorporation, reconstitution, or 
reformation into or transfer of all or substantially all its assets to, another entity; 
(B) 
such transfer is of all or any part of its interest in (i) in relation to a Swap 
Agreement, any Early Termination Amount payable to it by the Issuer as a 
defaulting party, (ii) in relation to a Repo Agreement, any sum payable to it by the 
Issuer following application of set-off in accordance with the provisions of 
paragraph 10 of the Repo Agreement or (iii) in relation to an SL Agreement, any 
sum payable to it by the Issuer following application of set-off in accordance with 
the provisions of paragraph 11 of the GMSLA Master Agreement; or 
(C) 
such transfer is to any Affiliate of the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty 
and/or the SL Counterparty (provided that, if such Series is rated, such transferee, 
or any credit support provider thereto, has a rating not less than that of (i) in 
relation to a Swap Agreement, the relevant transferring Swap Counterparty or (if 
higher) the rating of any credit support provider thereto, (ii) in relation to a Repo 
Agreement, the relevant transferring Repo Counterparty and (iii) in relation to an 
SL Agreement, the relevant transferring SL Counterparty, in each case at the time 
of transfer).  
Following any such transfer, the Noteholders will be exposed to the credit risk of the 
transferee Swap Counterparty, Repo Counterparty or SL Counterparty (as applicable). Prior 
to giving consent to a proposed transfer, the Noteholders should consider the risks outlined 
in the risk factor titled “Risks relating to the Transaction Parties – Risks relating to the Swap 
Counterparty and the Swap Agreement and/or the Repo Counterparty and the Repo 
Agreement and/or the SL Counterparty and the SL Agreement – The Swap Counterparty, 
the Repo Counterparty and the SL Counterparty” above in relation to the proposed 
transferee.

--- Page 69 ---
RISK FACTORS 
69
(iv) 
Credit Support Annex 
If specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions, the Issuer will also enter into a Credit 
Support Annex with the Swap Counterparty in respect of the Notes. Please see the section 
of this Base Prospectus titled “The Swap Agreement” for a summary of the provisions of the 
Credit Support Annex. 
Any collateral transferred from the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty under the Credit 
Support Annex (“Issuer CSA Posted Collateral”) will be delivered on a title transfer basis 
and will be taken from the Collateral, and will therefore reduce the overall pool of Collateral 
securing the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes. If “Delivery Cap” is specified as 
“Applicable” in the applicable Accessory Conditions, the Issuer’s obligation to transfer 
collateral will effectively be limited to the Collateral that the Issuer has in respect of the 
Series. If “Delivery Cap” is specified as “Not Applicable” in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions, such limitation shall not apply and, accordingly, there is a possibility that the 
Collateral available to the Issuer for transfer might not be sufficient to enable the Issuer to 
satisfy its delivery obligations under the Credit Support Annex. This would be in a case 
where the exposure of the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer under the Swap Agreement 
exceeds the aggregate value (for purposes of the Credit Support Annex and taking into 
account any applicable haircuts) of the Collateral held by the Issuer and the Issuer CSA 
Posted Collateral at that time. Any failure of the Issuer to make deliveries required under 
the Credit Support Annex in full would comprise an event of default under the Swap 
Agreement if not remedied within the time period therein and would entitle the Swap 
Counterparty to terminate the Swap Agreement. Such termination would result in an early 
redemption of the relevant Series. 
Swap Counterparty CSA Posted Collateral may be subject to volatility in their prices and 
subject to credit and liquidity risks. No investigations, searches or other enquiries will be 
made by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Swap Counterparty CSA Posted 
Collateral and no representations or warranties, express or implied, are or will be given by 
the Issuer or any other person to Noteholders in relation to any Swap Counterparty CSA 
Posted Collateral. 
Due to fluctuations in the value of the Swap Agreement and of the value of any Swap 
Counterparty CSA Posted Collateral or Issuer CSA Posted Collateral and to the thresholds 
and minimum transfer amounts in the Credit Support Annex: 
(A) 
the value of the Swap Counterparty CSA Posted Collateral at any time may not be 
sufficient to cover the amount that would otherwise be payable by the Swap 
Counterparty on termination of the Swap Agreement; and 
(B) 
the value of the Issuer CSA Posted Collateral at any time could exceed the amount 
that the Issuer would otherwise owe to the Swap Counterparty on termination of 
the Swap Agreement.  
Following a termination of the Swap Agreement, in respect of both paragraphs (A) and (B) 
above, a net amount would be payable from the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer. If the 
Swap Counterparty were insolvent, such amount would rank as an unsecured claim against 
the Swap Counterparty and there may be insufficient Collateral securing the Issuer’s 
obligations under the Notes. By way of example of paragraph (ii) above, if the termination 
amount under the Swap Agreement would be U.S.$10,000,000 payable by the Issuer to the 
Swap Counterparty, but the Issuer had transferred Issuer CSA Posted Collateral to the 
Swap Counterparty worth U.S.$12,000,000, then on a termination the Swap Counterparty

--- Page 70 ---
RISK FACTORS 
70
would owe the net sum of U.S.$2,000,000 to the Issuer and the Issuer would be an 
unsecured creditor of the Swap Counterparty for that amount. 
If it is determined that the Swap Counterparty must transfer additional collateral to the 
Issuer, there may be a period prior to the transfer of such collateral in which the value of 
the Swap Counterparty CSA Posted Collateral transferred to the Issuer under the Credit 
Support Annex is less than the amount that would be payable by the Swap Counterparty to 
the Issuer if the Swap Agreement were to terminate. In such circumstances, which are 
similar to those specified in paragraph (i) above, there may be insufficient Collateral 
securing the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes. 
The Issuer is exposed to movements in the value of the Swap Agreement, the Issuer CSA 
Posted Collateral or the Swap Counterparty CSA Posted Collateral (as the case may be), 
and to the creditworthiness of the Swap Counterparty and any obligor of Swap 
Counterparty CSA Posted Collateral. 
Investing in the Notes will not make an investor the owner of any cash or securities 
comprising the Swap Counterparty CSA Posted Collateral. Any amounts payable on the 
Notes will be made in cash and the holders of the Notes will have no right to receive 
delivery of any securities comprising the Swap Counterparty CSA Posted Collateral. 
Investors should also note that the Credit Support Annex contains provisions that enable a 
party to deliver a notice that items that then comprise eligible collateral under the Credit 
Support Annex will cease to be eligible. Such notice can be delivered if a party to the Credit 
Support Annex determines that the relevant items either have ceased to satisfy, or as of a 
specified date will cease to satisfy, collateral eligibility requirements under laws applicable 
to the recipient of such collateral requiring the collection of variation margin. Any non-
eligible credit support will be given a zero value. If the Swap Counterparty delivers such a 
notice to the Issuer, the Issuer is unlikely to have any other Collateral available to it to 
provide to the Swap Counterparty as eligible collateral under the Credit Support Annex and, 
as a result, such legal ineligibility may lead to an event of default under the Swap 
Agreement if not remedied within the time period therein and would entitle the Swap 
Counterparty to terminate the Swap Agreement. Such termination would result in an early 
redemption of the relevant Series. 
(v) 
SFTR (Article 15) title transfer collateral arrangements risk disclosure 
In respect of each Series, the Issuer may enter into one or more “title transfer collateral 
arrangements” (as defined in Article 2(1) of Directive 2002/47/EC under EU SFTR (as 
defined below) and regulation 3 of the Financial Collateral Arrangements (No.2) 
Regulations 2003 under UK SFTR (as defined below) (each such arrangement, a “Title 
Transfer Arrangement”) with a counterparty (as the “Title Transfer Counterparty”), as 
specified in the Accessory Conditions in respect of the relevant Series. The Credit Support 
Annex, the Repo Agreement and the SL Agreement will each constitute Title Transfer 
Arrangements.  
Under (i) Article 15 of Regulation (EU) 2015/2365 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 25 November 2015 on transparency of securities financing transactions and of 
reuse and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 (as amended from time to time) (“EU 
SFTR”) and (ii) Article 15 of EU SFTR, as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK SFTR”, and together with EU SFTR, “SFTR”), 
the transferee of securities under any Title Transfer Arrangement is required to inform the 
transferor of such securities of the general risks and consequences that may be involved in 
entering into a Title Transfer Arrangement. Such risks are detailed below and are also

--- Page 71 ---
RISK FACTORS 
71
relevant for Noteholders even though they will not be directly party to any Title Transfer 
Arrangement, particularly in circumstances where the Issuer is a transferor of securities 
under a Title Transfer Arrangement. 
In the section below, the person that transfers securities under a Title Transfer 
Arrangement is referred to as the “Transferor”, the person to whom such securities are 
transferred is referred to as the “Transferee” and the securities so transferred are referred 
to as the “Securities Collateral” 
(A) 
Loss of proprietary rights in Securities Collateral 
The rights, including any proprietary rights, that a Transferor has in Securities 
Collateral transferred to a Transferee will be replaced (subject to any security 
granted by the Transferee) by an unsecured contractual claim for delivery of 
equivalent Securities Collateral, subject to the terms of the Title Transfer 
Arrangement. If the Transferee becomes insolvent or defaults under the Title 
Transfer Arrangement, the Transferor’s claim for delivery of equivalent Securities 
Collateral will not be secured and will be subject to the terms of the Title Transfer 
Arrangement and applicable law. Consequently, the Transferor may not receive such 
equivalent Securities Collateral (although the Transferor’s exposure may be reduced 
to the extent that its liabilities to the Transferee under such Title Transfer 
Arrangement can be netted or set-off against the obligation of the Transferee to 
deliver equivalent Securities Collateral to the Transferor). 
Where the Issuer is the Transferor, upon transfer of the Securities Collateral, such 
securities will cease to form part of the Mortgaged Property so Noteholders will no 
longer have the benefit of security over such securities. If the Title Transfer 
Counterparty (as Transferee) becomes insolvent or otherwise defaults, the 
Mortgaged Property will not include equivalent Securities Collateral which the Issuer 
might otherwise have been expecting to receive. In these circumstances, 
Noteholders should be aware that the net proceeds of realisation of the Mortgaged 
Property may be insufficient to cover amounts that would otherwise be due under the 
Notes and consequently the Noteholders are exposed to the credit risk of the Title 
Transfer Counterparty (as Transferee). 
The Title Transfer Counterparty will not have any proprietary rights in the Securities 
Collateral transferred to the Issuer. If the Issuer defaults under the Title Transfer 
Arrangement, the Title Transfer Counterparty’s claim for delivery of equivalent 
Securities Collateral will, as a result of the applicable payment waterfall, be 
subordinated to prior ranking claims of certain other Secured Creditors in respect of 
the Mortgaged Property. Consequently, the Transferor may not receive the 
equivalent Securities Collateral (although the Transferor’s exposure may be reduced 
to the extent that its liabilities to the Transferee under such Title Transfer 
Arrangement can be netted or set-off against an obligation on the Transferee to 
deliver equivalent Securities Collateral to the Transferor). 
(B) 
Stay of proceedings following resolution process 
See the risk factor titled “Risks relating to the Notes – Resolution of financial 
institutions” above for information on the consequences of a resolution process 
being instituted against the Title Transfer Counterparty.

--- Page 72 ---
RISK FACTORS 
72
(C) 
Loss of voting rights in respect of Securities Collateral 
The Transferor in respect of any Securities Collateral will not be entitled to exercise, 
or direct the Transferee to exercise any voting, consent or similar rights attached to 
the Securities Collateral. 
Noteholders should be aware that where the Transferor is the Issuer, the 
Noteholders will not have any right under the Notes to direct the Issuer to exercise 
any voting, consent or similar rights attached to the Securities Collateral. 
(D) 
No information provided in respect of Securities Collateral 
The Transferee will have title to any Securities Collateral and may or may not 
continue to hold such Securities Collateral and as such it will have no obligation to 
inform the Transferor of any corporate events or actions in relation to any Securities 
Collateral. 
Where the Issuer is the Transferor, this means that no assurance can be given to 
Noteholders that they will be informed of events affecting any Securities Collateral. 
(b) 
The Custodian  
(i) 
Custodian risk 
Collateral in the form of cash or securities will be held in an account of the Custodian in the 
name of the Issuer (provided that, in limited circumstances, the Custodian may register or 
record securities in a name other than the Issuer).  
The ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations with respect to the Notes will be dependent 
upon receipt by the Issuer of payments from the Custodian under the Custody Agreement 
for the Notes (if the Collateral is so held). Consequently, the Noteholders are relying not 
only on the creditworthiness of the Collateral, but also on the creditworthiness of the 
Custodian in respect of the performance of its obligations under the Custody Agreement for 
such Notes subject to any relevant provisions or arrangements intended to provide that 
Collateral in the form of securities is not beneficially owned by the Custodian and therefore 
would not be available to its creditors on any insolvency of the Custodian. 
Any cash deposited with the Custodian by the Issuer and any cash received by the 
Custodian for the account of the Issuer in relation to a Series will be held by the Custodian 
as banker and not as trustee. Accordingly, such cash will not be held as client money and 
will represent only an unsecured claim against the Custodian’s assets. 
(ii) 
Sub-custodians, depositaries and clearing systems 
(A) 
Credit risk 
Under the Custody Agreement, the Issuer authorises the Custodian to hold the 
Collateral in the Custodian’s account or accounts with any other sub-custodian, any 
securities depositary or at such other account keeper or clearing system as the 
Custodian deems to be appropriate for the type of instruments which comprise the 
Collateral. 
Where the Collateral is held with a sub-custodian, securities depositary or clearing 
system, the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations with respect to the Notes will 
be dependent upon receipt by the Issuer of payments from the Custodian under the 
Custody Agreement for the Notes (if the Collateral is so held) and, in turn, the 
Custodian will be dependent (in whole or in part) upon receipt of payments from

--- Page 73 ---
RISK FACTORS 
73
such sub-custodian, securities depositary or clearing system. Consequently, the 
Noteholders are relying not only on the creditworthiness of the Collateral and the 
Custodian in respect of the performance of its obligations under the Custody 
Agreement for such Notes, but also on the creditworthiness of any duly appointed 
sub-custodian, securities depositary or clearing system holding the Collateral subject 
to any relevant provisions or arrangements intended to provide that custody assets 
held by sub-custodians would not be available to its creditors on any insolvency of 
the sub-custodian. 
In particular, the Custodian is authorised to hold Collateral in the form of securities 
with sub-custodians in omnibus accounts. Where securities are held in an omnibus 
account, this may result in such securities not being as well protected as if the 
securities were held in a segregated account. If there are insufficient securities to 
meet the claims of all persons holding securities in that account, the Issuer may not 
recover some or all of its securities, which would adversely affect the ability of the 
Issuer to meet its obligations with respect to the Notes. 
(B) 
Lien/Right of set-off 
Pursuant to their terms of engagement, sub-custodians, security depositaries or 
clearing systems may have liens or rights of set-off with respect to the Collateral held 
with them in relation to any of their fees and/or expenses. If, for whatever reason, the 
Custodian fails to pay such fees and/or expenses, the relevant sub-custodian, 
security depositary or clearing system may exercise such lien or right of set-off, 
which may result in the Issuer failing to receive any payments due to it in respect of 
the Collateral, and thereby adversely affecting the ability of the Issuer to meet its 
obligations with respect to the Notes. 
Therefore, the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations with respect to the Notes 
will not only be dependent upon receipt by the Issuer of payments from the 
Custodian under the Custody Agreement for the Notes (if the Collateral is so held) 
but will also be dependent on any sub-custodian, security depositary or clearing 
system not exercising any lien or right of set-off in respect of any Collateral that it 
holds. Consequently, the Noteholders are relying not only on the creditworthiness of 
the Collateral, but also on the creditworthiness of the Custodian in paying when due 
any fees or expenses of such sub-custodian, security depositary or clearing system. 
(c) 
The Paying Agents 
Any payments made to Noteholders in accordance with the Conditions will be made by the Issuing 
and Paying Agent and/or the Paying Agents on behalf of the Issuer. Pursuant to the Agency 
Agreement, the Issuer is required to transfer to the Issuing and Paying Agent such amount as may 
be due under the Notes on or before each date on which such payment in respect of the Notes 
becomes due. 
If the Issuing and Paying Agent and/or the Paying Agents, while holding funds for payment to 
Noteholders in respect of the Notes, is declared insolvent, the Noteholders may not receive all (or 
any part) of any amounts due to them in respect of the Notes from the Issuing and Paying Agent 
and/or the Paying Agents. The Issuer will still be liable to Noteholders in respect of such unpaid 
amounts but the Issuer may have insufficient assets to make such payments (or any part thereof) 
and Noteholders may not receive all, or any part, of any amounts due to them. Consequently, the 
Noteholders are relying not only on the creditworthiness of the Collateral, but also on the 
creditworthiness of the Issuing and Paying Agent and the Paying Agents in respect of the

--- Page 74 ---
RISK FACTORS 
74
performance of their obligations under the Agency Agreement to make or facilitate payments to 
Noteholders. 
(d) 
The Disposal Agent 
(i) 
Liquidation 
Where the Notes are to be redeemed as a result of a redemption being triggered prior to 
the Maturity Date or where the Issuer fails to pay any amount owing on the Maturity Date, 
the Disposal Agent is generally required to sell or otherwise liquidate the Collateral. The 
Disposal Agent is permitted to sell all or any part of the Collateral at any time or at different 
times during the relevant period or in stages in respect of smaller portions, and will not have 
any liability for doing so if a higher price could have been obtained had such sale taken 
place at a different time during such specified period and/or had or had not been effected in 
stages in respect of smaller portions. 
Subject to the following paragraph, if the Collateral has not been Liquidated in full by the 
expiry of the Liquidation Period (as extended by any Disposal Agent Bankruptcy Event), the 
Disposal Agent shall sell the Collateral not then Liquidated, irrespective of the price 
obtainable and regardless of such price being close to or equal to zero. 
The Disposal Agent may elect not to liquidate the Collateral in certain circumstances 
including, without limitation, on the grounds of illegality. Provided that the Disposal Agent 
has used reasonable care in the performance of its duties, it shall not be liable for such an 
election. 
If the Issuer is subject to an Issuer Bankruptcy Event, the Collateral shall be realised by the 
Trustee enforcing the Security and not by the Disposal Agent pursuant to a Liquidation. 
(ii) 
Replacement Disposal Agent 
Upon the occurrence of a Disposal Agent Bankruptcy Event, the Disposal Agent’s 
appointment will be automatically terminated and the Issuer will be required to appoint a 
replacement institution to take its place. Such replacement will be chosen either (i) by the 
Noteholders acting by Extraordinary Resolution, or (ii) by the Issuer with the consent of the 
Swap Counterparty (provided no Event of Default (as defined in the Swap Agreement for 
the Series) has occurred with respect to the Swap Counterparty in accordance with the 
terms of the Swap Agreement for the Series), the Repo Counterparty (provided no Event of 
Default (as defined in the Repo Agreement for the Series) has occurred with respect to the 
Repo Counterparty in accordance with the terms of the Repo Agreement for the Series), 
the SL Counterparty (provided no Event of Default (as defined in the SL Agreement for the 
Series) has occurred with respect to the SL Counterparty in accordance with the terms of 
the SL Agreement for the Series) and the Trustee. Arranging for, and appointing, any such 
replacement may delay any required liquidation of the Collateral and related payments on 
the Notes and there is no guarantee that a replacement will be found. Any delay or failure 
to appoint such a replacement may have adverse consequences for the Noteholders. 
(iii) 
Resignation following loss of licence 
If, for whatever reason, the Disposal Agent ceases to have any licence that it considers 
necessary to perform its role, it may resign its appointment at any time without giving any 
reason by giving the Issuer at least 60 days’ notice to that effect. The Issuer will be required 
to appoint a replacement institution to take its place. Arranging for, and appointing, any 
such replacement may delay any required liquidation of the Collateral and related 
payments on the Notes.

--- Page 75 ---
RISK FACTORS 
75
(e) 
The Calculation Agent 
(i) 
Replacement Calculation Agent 
Upon the occurrence of a Calculation Agent Bankruptcy Event, the Calculation Agent’s 
appointment will be automatically terminated and the Issuer will be required to appoint a 
replacement institution to take its place. Such replacement will be chosen either (i) by the 
Noteholders acting by Extraordinary Resolution, or (ii) by the Issuer with the consent of the 
Swap Counterparty (provided no Event of Default (as defined in the Swap Agreement for 
the Series) has occurred with respect to the Swap Counterparty in accordance with the 
terms of the Swap Agreement for the Series), the Repo Counterparty (provided no Event of 
Default (as defined in the Repo Agreement for the Series) has occurred with respect to the 
Repo Counterparty in accordance with the terms of the Repo Agreement for the Series), 
the SL Counterparty (provided no Event of Default (as defined in the SL Agreement for the 
Series) has occurred with respect to the SL Counterparty in accordance with the terms of 
the SL Agreement for the Series) and the Trustee. Arranging for, and appointing, any such 
replacement, may delay certain calculations and/or determinations and related payments 
on the Notes and there is no guarantee that any replacement will be found. Any delay or 
failure to appoint such a replacement may have adverse consequences for the 
Noteholders. 
(ii) 
Limited liability of Calculation Agent 
All calculations and determinations by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of 
manifest error) be final, conclusive and binding upon all Noteholders, Couponholders, 
Transaction Parties and all other parties. 
In making any calculation or determination, giving any notice or exercising any discretion, in 
each case under the Conditions or any Transaction Document, the Calculation Agent does 
not assume any responsibility or liability to anyone other than the Issuer for whom it acts as 
agent. In particular, the Calculation Agent assumes no responsibility to Noteholders, 
Couponholders, the Trustee or any other persons in respect of its role as Calculation Agent 
and, without limitation, shall not be liable for any loss (whether a loss of profit, loss of 
opportunity or consequential loss), cost, expense or any other damage suffered by any 
such person. 
The Calculation Agent shall not be liable to the Issuer for any errors in calculations or 
determinations made by it in respect of the Notes, or any failure to make, or delay in 
making, any calculations or determinations (irrespective of whether such error, failure or 
delay affects any other calculations or determinations made in respect of the Notes) in the 
manner required of it by the Conditions save that the Calculation Agent shall be liable to the 
Issuer (but not to any other person or persons, including Noteholders, Couponholders and 
the Trustee) where such error, failure or delay arose out of its negligence, fraud or wilful 
default, as described in more detail in the Conditions.  
Where the Calculation Agent (acting in a commercially reasonable manner) determines 
that, as a result of market disruption, force majeure, systems failure or any other event of 
an analogous nature, it is unable to make a calculation or determination in the manner 
required by the Conditions or any Transaction Document, then the Calculation Agent shall 
not be liable for failure to make such calculation or determination in the required manner. 
Where the Calculation Agent (acting in a commercially reasonable manner) determines that 
(i) it has not received the necessary information from any person or other source that is 
expected to deliver or provide the same pursuant to the Conditions or any Transaction

--- Page 76 ---
RISK FACTORS 
76
Document which means that it is unable to make a determination required of it in 
accordance with the Conditions or the provisions of a Transaction Document and/or (ii) one 
or more provisions (including any mathematical terms and formulae) contained in the 
Conditions or any Transaction Document appear to the Calculation Agent (taking into 
account the context of the transaction as a whole and its background understanding) to be 
erroneous on the basis that it is impossible to make such calculation or that such provisions 
produce a result that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, is economically nonsensical, 
the Calculation Agent shall be permitted to make its determination on the basis of the 
provisions of the Conditions or such Transaction Document but may make such 
amendments thereto as, in its opinion, are necessary to cater for relevant circumstances 
falling under (i) and/or (ii) above, provided always that in so doing the Calculation Agent 
acts in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
(f) 
Impact of FATCA Withholding on the Trustee, each Agent and the Custodian 
The application of FATCA Withholding (as defined in “Master Conditions – Condition 1 (Definitions 
and Interpretation)”) to interest or other amounts payable under or in respect of the Notes is not 
clear (see the risk factor titled “Risks relating to the Issuer – FATCA and the possibility of U.S. 
withholding tax on payments” above). If FATCA Withholding was applied to interest or other 
payments payable under or in respect of the Notes, none of the Issuer, the Trustee, any Agent, 
the Custodian or any other person would, pursuant to the Conditions, be required to pay additional 
amounts as a result of such FATCA Withholding. In such circumstances, Noteholders might 
receive less than otherwise expected. 
(g) 
Conflicts of interest 
The Transaction Parties and their affiliates may act in a number of capacities in connection with 
the Notes and the Mortgaged Property in respect of a Series and need not take into account the 
specific interests of any individual Noteholder. Such a party may also enter into business dealings 
relating to the Notes or the Collateral or any asset to which the Notes or Collateral are exposed, 
including the acquisition of the Notes, from which such party may derive revenues and profits in 
addition to any fees stated in the various documents, without any duty to account therefor, or act 
in a way that is adverse to the interests of the Noteholders generally. 
In addition, where the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty or the SL Counterparty is 
entitled to exercise its discretion or to undertake a decision in such capacity under or in respect of 
the Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement or the SL Agreement, the terms and conditions or 
otherwise in respect of the Notes then such party will be under no obligation or duty to the 
Noteholders or any other person and is likely to attempt to maximise the beneficial outcome for 
itself and will not be liable to account to the Noteholders or any other person for any profit or other 
benefit to them or any of their respective affiliates that may result directly or indirectly from any 
such action. 
For further information, see the section of this Base Prospectus titled “Conflicts of Interest”.  
(h) 
Systemic risk 
Financial institutions and other significant participants in the financial markets that deal with each 
other are interrelated as a result of trading, investment, clearing, counterparty and other 
relationships. This risk is sometimes referred to as “systemic risk”. Financial institutions such as 
the Dealers, the Trustee, the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty, the SL Counterparty, 
the Custodian, the Calculation Agent, the Disposal Agent, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the 
Paying Agent, the Registrar and the Transfer Agent (or any affiliate of any of them) and any 
obligors of the Collateral (or any guarantor or credit support provider in respect thereof) that are

--- Page 77 ---
RISK FACTORS 
77
financial institutions or are significant participants in the financial markets are likely routinely to 
execute a high volume of transactions with various types of counterparties, including brokers and 
dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, insurers, mutual and hedge funds, and institutional 
clients. To the extent they do so, they are and will continue to be exposed to the risk of loss if 
counterparties fail or are otherwise unable to meet their obligations. In addition, a default by a 
financial institution or other significant participant in the financial markets, or concerns about the 
ability of a financial institution or other significant participant in the financial markets to meet its 
obligations, could lead to further significant systemic liquidity problems and other problems that 
could exacerbate the global financial crisis and, as such, have a material adverse impact on other 
entities.

--- Page 78 ---
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
78
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST
1 
General
For the purposes of this section, references to “Collateral” shall also include Original Collateral to the 
extent that such Original Collateral has been transferred to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap 
Agreement by virtue of the Credit Support Annex thereto, to the Repo Counterparty under the Repo 
Agreement by virtue of the collateral provisions therein or to the SL Counterparty under SL Agreement by 
virtue of the collateral provisions therein. 
The relevant Dealer and any of its affiliates (each, a “Relevant Party”) may act in a number of capacities 
in connection with the Notes. A Relevant Party shall have only the duties and responsibilities expressly 
agreed to by such entity in the relevant capacity and shall not, by virtue of its or any affiliate acting in any 
other capacity, be deemed to have other duties or responsibilities or be deemed to hold a standard of 
care other than as may be expressly provided with respect to the relevant capacity. A Relevant Party 
may enter into business dealings relating to the Notes or the Collateral or any asset to which the Notes 
or Collateral are exposed, including the acquisition of the Notes, from which such Relevant Party may 
derive revenues and profits in addition to any fees stated in the various documents, without any duty to 
account therefor. 
A Relevant Party may, from time to time, be in possession of certain information (confidential or 
otherwise) and/or opinions with regard to the issuer or obligor of any Collateral or another Relevant Party 
which information and/or opinions might, if known by a Noteholder, affect decisions made by it with 
respect to its investment in the Notes. Notwithstanding this, no Relevant Party shall have any duty or 
obligation to notify the Noteholders or the Issuer or any other Transaction Parties (including any 
directors, officers or employees thereof) of such information and/or opinions. 
A Relevant Party may deal in any obligation of the issuer or obligor of any Collateral and may accept 
deposits from, make loans or otherwise extend credit to, and generally engage in any kind of commercial 
or investment banking or other business transactions with, the issuer or obligor of any Collateral and may 
act with respect to such transactions in the same manner as if the Swap Agreement and the Notes did 
not exist and without regard to whether any such action might have an adverse effect on the issuer or 
obligor of any Collateral, the Issuer, the Swap Counterparty or the Noteholders. 
A Relevant Party may, at any time, be active and significant participants in or act as market maker in 
relation to a wide range of markets for currencies, instruments relating to currencies, securities and 
derivatives. Activities undertaken by a Relevant Party may be on such a scale as to affect, temporarily or 
on a long-term basis, the price of such currencies, instruments relating to currencies, securities and 
derivatives or securities and derivatives based on, or relating to the Notes or any Collateral. 
Notwithstanding this, no Relevant Party shall have any duty or obligation to take into account the 
interests of any party in relation to any Notes when effecting transactions in such markets. 
One or more Relevant Parties or any Transaction Party may: 
(i) 
have placed or underwritten, or acted as a financial arranger, structuring agent or adviser in 
connection with the original issuance of, or may act as a broker or dealer with respect to the 
Collateral; 
(ii) 
act as trustee, paying agent and in other capacities in connection with certain of the Collateral or 
other classes of securities issued by an issuer of, or obligor with respect to, the Collateral or an 
affiliate thereof;

--- Page 79 ---
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
79
(iii) 
be a counterparty to issuers of, or obligors with respect to, certain of the Collateral under a swap 
or other derivative agreements or repurchase agreement; 
(iv) 
lend to certain of the issuers of, or obligors with respect to, the Collateral or their respective 
affiliates or receive guarantees from such issuers, obligors or their respective affiliates; 
(v) 
provide other investment banking, asset management, commercial banking, financing or financial 
advisory services to the issuers of, or obligors with respect to, the Collateral or their respective 
affiliates; or 
(vi) 
have an equity interest, which may be a substantial equity interest, in certain issuers of, or 
obligors with respect to, the Collateral or their respective affiliates. 
The relevant Dealer may have acquired, or during the terms of the Notes may acquire, confidential 
information or enter into transactions with respect to any Collateral or an obligor of any such collateral 
and it shall not be under any duty to disclose such confidential information to any Noteholder, the Issuer, 
the Trustee or any of the other Transaction Parties. 
When acting as a trustee, paying agent or in other service capacities with respect to the Collateral, the 
Transaction Parties may be entitled to fees and expenses senior in priority to payments on such 
Collateral. When acting as a trustee for other classes of securities issued by the issuer of any Collateral 
or an affiliate thereof, a Transaction Party will owe fiduciary duties to the holders of such other classes of 
securities, which classes of securities may have differing interests from the holders of the class of 
securities of which the relevant Collateral is a part, and may take actions that are adverse to the holders 
(including, where applicable, the Issuer) of the class of securities of which the relevant Collateral is a 
part. As a counterparty under swaps and other derivative agreements or repurchase agreements, a 
Transaction Party may take actions adverse to the interests of the Issuer, including, but not limited to, 
demanding collateralisation of its exposure under such agreements (if provided for thereunder) or 
terminating such swaps or agreements in accordance with the terms thereof. In making and 
administering loans and other obligations, a Transaction Party may take actions including, but not limited 
to, restructuring a loan, foreclosing on or exercising other remedies with respect to a loan, requiring 
additional collateral or other credit enhancement, charging significant fees and interest, placing the 
issuers of, or obligors with respect to, any Collateral in bankruptcy or demanding payment on a loan 
guarantee or under other credit enhancement. The Issuer’s acquisition, holding and sale of the Collateral 
may enhance the profitability or value of investments made by a Transaction Party in the issuers thereof 
or obligors in respect thereof. As a result of all such transactions or arrangements between a Transaction 
Party and issuers of, and obligors with respect to, the Collateral or their respective affiliates, a 
Transaction Party may have interests that are contrary to the interests of the Issuer and the Noteholders. 
2 
The Trustee
In connection with the exercise of its functions, the Trustee shall have regard to the interests of the 
Noteholders as a class and, in particular, but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, shall not 
have regard to the consequences of such exercise for individual Noteholders and the Trustee shall not 
be entitled to require, nor shall any Noteholder be entitled to claim from the Issuer or the Trustee, any 
indemnification or payment in respect of any tax arising in consequence of any such exercise upon 
individual Noteholders. In acting as Trustee under the Trust Deed, the Trustee shall not, in respect of the 
Notes of any Series or Class thereof, assume any duty or responsibility to any of the Swap Counterparty, 
the Repo Counterparty, the SL Counterparty, the Custodian, the Issuing and Paying Agent, any of the 
Paying Agents or any other Secured Creditor or any other Transaction Party (other than to pay any such 
party any moneys received and payable to it and to act in accordance with the Conditions and the Trust 
Deed and other than in respect of any obligations it may have to Secured Creditors in respect of any 
enforcement of the Security) and shall have regard solely to the interests of the Noteholders and (save

--- Page 80 ---
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
80
where expressly provided otherwise in the Transaction Documents to which the Trustee is a party) shall 
not be obliged to act on any directions of any Secured Creditor or Transaction Party if this would, in the 
Trustee’s opinion, be contrary to the interests of the Noteholders.  
3 
The Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty and the SL Counterparty
Prospective investors should be aware that where the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty or the 
SL Counterparty is entitled to exercise its discretion or to undertake a decision in such capacity under or 
in respect of the Swap Agreement, Repo Agreement or SL Agreement (including any right to terminate 
the Swap Agreement, Repo Agreement or SL Agreement), in respect of the terms and conditions or 
otherwise in respect of the Notes then, unless specified to the contrary therein, the Swap Counterparty, 
the Repo Counterparty or the SL Counterparty will be under no obligation to, and will not assume any 
fiduciary duty or responsibility for, the Noteholders or any other person. In exercising their discretion or 
undertaking any decision, prospective investors should expect and understand that the Swap 
Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty and the SL Counterparty are likely to attempt to maximise the 
beneficial outcome for themselves (that is maximise any payments due to them and minimise any 
payments due from them) and will not be liable to account to the Noteholders or any other person for any 
profit or other benefit to them or any of their respective affiliates that may result directly or indirectly from 
any such selection.

--- Page 81 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
81
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
In respect of Notes issued by the Irish Issuer, this Base Prospectus should be read and construed in 
conjunction with: 
1 
The up to date consolidated constitution of the Irish Issuer dated 24 March 2006 (the “PG 
Constitution”). A copy of the PG Constitution can be found at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Premium+Green+PLC+Constitution_6480bbe6-9f58-
45dc-b634-e5f10e5a6d04.PDF.  
2 
The audited financial statements of the Irish Issuer for the financial year ended 31 March 2021 (the “PG 
2021 Accounts”). A copy of the PG 2021 Accounts can be found at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202206/b31e7b1b-0932-46ed-9301-c906db6da16d.pdf. 
3 
The audited financial statements of the Irish Issuer for the financial year ended 31 March 2022 (the “PG 
2022 Accounts”). A copy of the PG 2022 Accounts can be found at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202403/a634f556-38fd-4fce-a9d0-828eb1356c6b.pdf.  
Each document above shall be incorporated in, and form part of this Base Prospectus, save that any 
statement contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or superseded 
for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or 
supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so 
modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
In respect of Notes issued by the Jersey Issuer, no financial statements of the Jersey Issuer have been 
prepared since the date of incorporation. The Jersey Issuer is not required by Jersey law, and does not 
intend, to publish audited financial statements.

--- Page 82 ---
SUPPLEMENTARY PROSPECTUS 
82
SUPPLEMENTARY PROSPECTUS
If at any time an Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplementary prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus 
Regulation, the relevant Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate amendment or supplement to 
this Base Prospectus or a further prospectus which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed 
on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market, shall constitute a supplementary 
prospectus as required by the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 83 ---
COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
83
COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS
This section is intended to answer some of the questions which investors may have when considering an 
investment in the Notes. However, any decision to invest in the Notes should only be made after careful 
consideration of all relevant sections of this Base Prospectus and the applicable Accessory Conditions. This 
section should be treated as an introduction to each Issuer and certain terms of the Notes that may be issued 
under the Programme. It is not intended to be a substitute for, nor a summary of, the Conditions. 
1. 
Who is the Jersey Issuer?  
The Jersey Issuer is a special purpose vehicle incorporated as a private company under the laws of 
Jersey. The Jersey Issuer’s only business is to enter into obligations for the payment or repayment of 
borrowed money, including issuing debt securities such as the Notes, and to enter into related 
transactions. The Jersey Issuer has no prior operating history or prior business and will not have any 
substantial assets or liabilities other than in connection with the Notes or other Series of Obligations it is 
permitted to issue or enter into. 
The directors of the Jersey Issuer may be employees of the administrator of the Jersey Issuer. The 
Jersey Issuer is not an affiliate or a subsidiary of any Dealer and its obligations are not guaranteed by 
any party. 
2. 
Who is the Irish Issuer?  
The Irish Issuer is a special purpose vehicle incorporated as a public limited company under the Iaws of 
Ireland. The Irish Issuer’s only business is to enter into obligations for the payment or repayment of 
borrowed money, including issuing debt securities such as the Notes, and to enter into related 
transactions. 
The directors of the Irish Issuer may be employees of the administrator of the Irish Issuer. The Irish 
Issuer is not an affiliate or a subsidiary of any Dealer and its obligations are not guaranteed by any 
party.  
3. 
What are the Notes? 
The Notes are debt securities issued by the Issuer which may be in bearer form or registered, as 
described in the applicable Accessory Conditions. 
The Notes are secured, limited recourse obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any 
preference among themselves. 
4. 
What documents do you need to read in respect of an issuance of Notes? 
There are several legal documents which you must read in respect of any Notes. These are (i) this 
Base Prospectus, (ii) the applicable Accessory Conditions and (iii) if produced, the Series Prospectus in 
respect of such Notes. 
What information is included in this Base Prospectus? 
This Base Prospectus contains: 
(i) 
information about each Issuer in the sections of this Base Prospectus titled “Description of the 
Jersey Issuer” and “Description of the Irish Issuer” (as applicable); 
(ii) 
general information about Notes that may be issued under the Programme, in particular, the 
master terms and conditions of the Notes in the section of this Base Prospectus titled “Master 
Conditions” (which for all Notes must be read together with the applicable Accessory 
Conditions);

--- Page 84 ---
COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
84
(iii) 
information about certain agents of each Issuer and certain counterparties with whom the 
Issuers will enter into contracts; 
(iv) 
restrictions about who can buy Notes; 
(v) 
risk factors relating to the Issuers and any Notes issued under the Programme; and 
(vi) 
certain tax information, although you should always seek specialist advice which has been 
tailored to your circumstances. 
You should note that the section of this Base Prospectus titled “Overview of the Programme” and this 
section titled “Commonly Asked Questions” must be read only as an introduction to this Base 
Prospectus. Any decision to invest in the Notes should be based on a consideration of this Base 
Prospectus as a whole, together with the applicable Accessory Conditions and any Series Prospectus. 
What information is included in the Accessory Conditions? 
While this Base Prospectus includes general information about all Notes, the Accessory Conditions is 
the document that sets out the specific details of each particular issuance of Notes. The Accessory 
Conditions will complete (in the case of Final Terms) or complete, amend, supplement or vary (in the 
case of Pricing Terms) the Master Conditions and will contain, for example, the issue date, the maturity 
date and the methods used to calculate the redemption amount and any interest payments, if 
applicable, as well as any other terms applicable to those particular Notes.  
Therefore, the Accessory Conditions for such Notes must be read in conjunction with this Base 
Prospectus. 
What is the Series Prospectus and when will the Issuer prepare one?  
For some Notes, the Issuer may prepare a Series Prospectus. The Series Prospectus would include 
the Accessory Conditions for those Notes, incorporating by reference the whole or any part of this Base 
Prospectus, but would also contain additional information, such as additional risk factors. The Issuer 
will prepare a Series Prospectus where it needs to do so in order to comply with the Prospectus 
Regulation.  
5. 
How much of your investment is at risk? 
For some Notes, the amount payable on the maturity date may be less than your original investment 
and may even be zero. 
Investors should note that they will be exposed to the credit risk of (i) the relevant Issuer, (ii) the obligor 
of the Original Collateral, (iii) the Custodian, (iv) the Paying Agents and (v) the Swap Counterparty, the 
Repo Counterparty and the SL Counterparty. If there is a default on the Original Collateral or by the 
Custodian, a Paying Agent, the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty or the SL Counterparty, 
investors are highly likely to lose some or all of their money. 
6. 
What does the Issuer do with the issue proceeds of the Notes?  
The Issuer will typically use the issue proceeds of the Notes to purchase the Original Collateral. The 
Original Collateral will usually constitute debt securities issued by a third-party issuer, but could take 
the form of other assets. The exact Original Collateral will be specified in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions. 
For each Series, the Issuer may enter into a Swap Agreement with a Swap Counterparty and/or a Repo 
Agreement with a Repo Counterparty and/or an SL Agreement with an SL Counterparty. Where this is 
the case, this will be specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions. The issue proceeds of the Notes 
may be used to fund any initial payment obligations under the Swap Agreement and/or the Repo 
Agreement and/or the SL Agreement.

--- Page 85 ---
COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
85
7. 
What is the Collateral? 
The Collateral, the Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement and the SL Agreement will generally be the 
only assets available to the Issuer to fund its payment obligations under the Notes. The payments 
under such assets (both to and from the Issuer) will be designed to ensure that the Issuer has sufficient 
funds to meet its payment obligations under the Notes and to meet any related payment obligations. 
“Collateral” consists of (i) the Original Collateral, (ii) any assets received from the Swap Counterparty 
which collateralises the Swap Counterparty’s obligations under the Swap Agreement, (iii) any assets 
received from the Repo Counterparty under the Repo Agreement and (iv) any assets received from the 
SL Counterparty under the SL Agreement, but excludes any assets which have been transferred by the 
Issuer to the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty or the SL Counterparty. 
The Original Collateral shall include any different collateral acquired by the Issuer by way of substitution 
or replacement of such Original Collateral originally held by it or as a result of its conversion or 
exchange. 
The applicable Accessory Conditions will specify whether collateralisation is required in respect of the 
Swap Agreement from the Swap Counterparty, the Issuer or both. Collateral will be transferred on a 
title transfer basis under a Credit Support Annex and will reflect movements in the market value of the 
Swap Agreement and of the collateral provided under such Credit Support Annex. If the Issuer is 
required to provide collateral under the Credit Support Annex, Original Collateral will be used to meet 
such obligation and the Original Collateral will be reduced accordingly. Upon posting to the Swap 
Counterparty as collateral, title to the relevant assets is transferred to the Swap Counterparty. 
Collateralisation will be required in respect of a Repo Agreement from both the Issuer and the Repo 
Counterparty. The collateral to be transferred will reflect movements in the market value of the 
securities purchased under the Repo Agreement and of the collateral provided under such Repo 
Agreement. If the Issuer is required to provide collateral under the Repo Agreement, Original Collateral 
will be used to meet such obligation and the Original Collateral will be reduced accordingly. Upon 
posting to the Repo Counterparty as collateral, title to the relevant assets is transferred to the Repo 
Counterparty. 
Collateralisation may be required in respect of an SL Agreement from both the Issuer and the SL 
Counterparty. The collateral to be transferred will reflect movements in the market value of the 
securities received under the SL Agreement and of the collateral borrowed by the SL Counterparty 
under such SL Agreement. If the Issuer is required to deliver collateral under the SL Agreement, 
Original Collateral will be used to meet such obligation and the Original Collateral will be reduced 
accordingly. Upon delivery to the SL Counterparty of such collateral, title to the relevant assets is 
transferred to the SL Counterparty.
8. 
When might the Original Collateral change? 
If “Substitution of Original Collateral” is specified as “Applicable” in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions, Noteholders acting by an Extraordinary Resolution may request a substitution of the 
Original Collateral (in whole but not in part).  
If “Substitution Knockout” is specified as “Applicable” in the applicable Accessory Conditions and, at 
any prior time to the Issuer Call Settlement Date, the Original Collateral is substituted following such a 
request by Noteholders acting by an Extraordinary Resolution, the provisions relating to any Issuer Call 
Condition shall no longer apply. 
9. 
To which assets of the Issuer, if any, do Noteholders have recourse?  
The Noteholders and the other Transaction Parties will have recourse only to the Mortgaged Property 
in respect of a Series, subject always to the Security, and not to any other general assets of the

--- Page 86 ---
COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
86
relevant Issuer. The Mortgaged Property includes, primarily, the Collateral, the Issuer’s rights under the 
Swap Agreement, the Issuer’s rights under the Repo Agreement and the Issuer’s rights under the SL 
Agreement. Noteholders’ claims (and those of other Transaction Parties) will also be subject to the 
order of priority referred to below. If the Mortgaged Property is not sufficient to meet Noteholders’ 
claims and those of all the other relevant parties, the Mortgaged Property will be used to meet claims 
according to a specified order of priority. Amounts owing to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap 
Agreement, the Repo Counterparty under the Repo Agreement, the SL Counterparty under the SL 
Agreement and certain other sums payable to certain Transaction Parties, will be paid before 
Noteholders. If there is no Mortgaged Property left after paying such persons, Noteholders will not be 
paid and will lose their investment. 
10. 
What happens if the Original Collateral defaults? 
See paragraph 13(i) (“Under what circumstances may the Notes be redeemed before their stated 
maturity? – Redemption of Original Collateral and default of Original Collateral”) below. 
11. 
Who will be the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty or the SL Counterparty?  
The Swap Counterparty to any Swap Agreement, the Repo Counterparty to any Repo Agreement and 
the SL Counterparty to any SL Agreement will be Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, 
unless otherwise specified in the Accessory Conditions. 
12. 
What happens if the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty or the SL Counterparty 
defaults? 
See paragraph 13(iv) (“Under what circumstances may the Notes be redeemed before their stated 
maturity? – Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event, Repo Counterparty Bankruptcy Event and SL 
Counterparty Bankruptcy Event”) below. 
13. 
Under what circumstances may the Notes be redeemed before their stated maturity? 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity in any of the following circumstances: 
(i) 
Redemption of Original Collateral and default of Original Collateral 
If (i) the Original Collateral is called for redemption or repayment (whether in whole or part) or (ii) 
any unscheduled redemption or repayment in respect of the Original Collateral is made (including 
following the exercise of a put option (whether in whole or in part)), in each case prior to its 
scheduled maturity date (other than a scheduled amortisation of the Original Collateral), the Issuer 
shall, upon becoming aware of such event, direct the redemption of the Notes. The Notes will 
redeem in full unless “Partial Redemption for Original Collateral Call/Put” is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Accessory Conditions, in which case an equivalent proportion of the Notes will be 
redeemed as the Original Collateral that is redeemed or repaid prior to its scheduled maturity 
date. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that certain events have occurred with respect to the Original 
Collateral or any other obligation for the payment or repayment of borrowed money of the Original 
Collateral Obligor, the Issuer shall direct the redemption of the Notes. The relevant events include 
(a) such obligation becoming payable prior to its scheduled maturity date, (b) certain failures to 
make payments in respect of such obligation, (c) a repudiation or moratorium in respect of such 
obligation, (d) an amendment to the terms of such obligation either agreed between the Original 
Collateral Obligor, an Indirect Obligor of the Original Collateral or a Governmental Authority and a 
sufficient number of holders of such obligation to bind all holders of such obligation, (e) an 
amendment to the terms of such obligation imposed by a Governmental Authority, (f) the 
conversion of such obligation into another instrument and (g) certain bankruptcy events in respect 
of the Original Collateral Obligor or any Indirect Obligor of the Original Collateral.

--- Page 87 ---
COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
87
(ii) 
Certain tax events  
If the Issuer determines that (a) it will be required by any applicable law to withhold or deduct tax 
from any payment in respect of the Notes (to the extent that any such tax is greater than the 
Expected Note Withholding Rate), (b) a Noteholder has failed to provide sufficient forms, 
documentation or other information such that any payment in respect of the Notes may be subject 
to withholding or deduction or the Issuer may suffer a fine or penalty, (c) it will be unable to 
receive any payment in respect of the Original Collateral without any withholding or deduction for 
tax (to the extent that any such tax is greater than the Expected Original Collateral Withholding 
Rate) or (d) it is required to comply with any reporting requirement in respect of payments 
received on the Original Collateral (which would incur material expense for the Issuer or are 
unduly onerous for the Issuer to comply with), the Issuer shall direct the redemption of the Notes. 
(iii) Termination of Swap Agreement, Repo Agreement or SL Agreement 
If the Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement or the SL Agreement is terminated early, the Issuer 
shall direct the redemption of the Notes.  
The sections of this Base Prospectus titled “The Swap Agreement”, “The Repo Agreement” and 
“The SL Agreement” describe the events that may lead to the termination of the Swap Agreement, 
the Repo Agreement and the SL Agreement respectively. These include certain payment defaults, 
breaches of agreement and insolvency as well as the occurrence of certain illegality, 
redenomination and force majeure events, certain tax-related events, certain regulatory events 
and certain amendments to the terms of the Notes and the Transaction Documents when made 
without the Swap Counterparty’s, the Repo Counterparty’s or the SL Counterparty’s (as 
applicable) consent. 
The Noteholders may also, upon the occurrence of an event following which the Issuer is able to 
terminate the Swap Agreement, Repo Agreement or SL Agreement, direct the Trustee (who will, 
subject to being indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction, give a 
corresponding direction to the Issuer) to so terminate the Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement 
or the SL Agreement, which will result in the redemption of the Notes. 
(iv) Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event, Repo Counterparty Bankruptcy Event and SL Counterparty 
Bankruptcy Event 
If a Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event, a Repo Counterparty Bankruptcy Event or an SL 
Counterparty Bankruptcy Event occurs (broadly speaking, if the Swap Counterparty, Repo 
Counterparty or SL Counterparty becomes subject to an insolvency procedure), the Issuer may 
direct the redemption of the Notes following a direction to do so from the requisite number of 
Noteholders.  
(v) 
Illegality 
If, due to the adoption of or change in any applicable law after the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of the Series, it becomes unlawful for the Issuer to perform obligations in respect of the Notes, to 
hold any Collateral or receive payment in respect thereof or to comply with any other material 
provision of any agreement entered into in connection with the Notes, the Issuer shall, upon 
becoming aware of such event, direct the redemption of the Notes. 
(vi) Original Collateral Disruption Event 
Following the occurrence of an Original Collateral Disruption Event (being, in summary, the 
adjustment or replacement of any interest rate, index, benchmark or price source by reference to 
which any amount payable under the Original Collateral is determined), the Calculation Agent may 
deliver a notice to the Issuer requiring it to amend or redeem the Notes. If the Calculation Agent

--- Page 88 ---
COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
88
delivers a notice which requires a redemption of the Notes, the Issuer shall direct the redemption 
of the Notes. 
(vii) Reference Rate Default Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Reference Rate Default Event has occurred, the Issuer 
shall direct the redemption of the Notes. 
A Reference Rate Default Event will occur if (a) the Calculation Agent has determined that a 
Reference Rate Event has occurred and (b) either (I) an alternative benchmark and any 
Adjustment Spread, together with associated amendments, are not identified prior to the relevant 
deadline, (II) it is or would be unlawful or would contravene any applicable licensing requirements 
for the Calculation Agent to perform the actions prescribed in the Conditions following the 
occurrence of a Reference Rate Event or (III) the calculation of an Adjustment Spread would 
impose material additional regulatory obligations on the Calculation Agent or the Swap 
Counterparty or the Repo Counterparty. 
A Reference Rate Event is expected to occur if (I) the relevant Reference Rate has ceased or will 
cease to be provided permanently or indefinitely, (II) the administrator of the Reference Rate 
ceases to have the necessary authorisations and as a result it is not permitted under applicable 
law for one or more persons to perform their obligations under the Notes and/or any hedge 
transactions entered into by the Swap Counterparty and the Repo Counterparty, (III) the 
Reference Rate is, with respect to over-the-counter derivatives transactions which reference such 
Reference Rate, the subject of any market-wide development pursuant to which such Reference 
Rate is replaced with a risk-free rate (or near risk-free rate) on a specified date, (IV) the regulatory 
supervisor of the administrator of the Reference Rate makes or publishes a public statement 
announcing that such Reference Rate is no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer 
be, representative for the underlying market and economic reality that the Reference Rate is 
intended to measure and that its representativeness will not be restored, such statement is being 
made in the awareness that it will engage certain contractual triggers for fallbacks activated by 
pre-cessation announcements by such supervisor or (V) if “Material Change Event” is specified to 
be applicable in the Accessory Conditions, the definition, methodology or formula for a Reference 
Rate, or other means of calculating the Reference Rate, has materially changed or as of a 
specified future date will materially change. 
(viii) Satisfaction of an Issuer Call Condition 
If “Issuer Call” is specified as applicable for a Series, the Issuer shall, upon being notified of 
satisfaction of an Issuer Call Condition, direct the redemption of the Notes. 
An Issuer Call Condition may be satisfied where (a) the Swap Counterparty elects an optional 
termination under the Swap Agreement, where Optional Termination Trigger is specified in the 
Accessory Conditions, (b) the calculation agent under the Swap Agreement determines that, 
where Autocall Termination Trigger is specified in the Accessory Conditions, the Autocall 
Termination Trigger (namely, that sum of (x) the value of the Original Collateral and (y) the 
anticipated termination value of the Swap Agreement, is equal to or greater than the aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes then outstanding) has been met on a particular date or (c) the 
Calculation Agent determines that any other event specified as an Issuer Call Condition in the 
Accessory Conditions in respect of the Notes has occurred. 
If “Substitution Knockout” is specified as “Applicable” in the applicable Accessory Conditions and, 
at any prior time to the Issuer Call Settlement Date, the Original Collateral is substituted (see 
‘When might the Original Collateral change?’ above), the provisions relating to any Issuer Call 
Condition shall no longer apply.

--- Page 89 ---
COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
89
(ix) Exercise of Noteholder Early Redemption Option 
If “Noteholder Early Redemption Option” is specified as applicable for a Series, the Issuer shall, 
upon receiving a valid Noteholder Early Redemption Option Exercise Notice from 100% 
Noteholders, direct the redemption of the Notes in full (and not in part). 
(x) 
Additional Redemption Event 
If an Additional Redemption Event (as specified in the relevant Pricing Terms) occurs, the Issuer 
shall, upon becoming aware of such event, direct the redemption of the Notes. 
(xi) Events of Default 
The Notes may be redeemed early upon the occurrence of certain defined Events of Default. 
These include (a) a default (for a period of more than 14 days) in the payment of any principal or 
interest due in respect of the Notes, (b) a failure by the Issuer to perform any of its other 
obligations in relation to the Notes if such failure is incapable of remedy or, if in the opinion of the 
Trustee the failure is capable of remedy, is not, in the opinion of the Trustee, remedied within 30 
days after the Trustee gives notice to the Issuer of such default or (c) the insolvency of the Issuer. 
If an Event of Default occurs, the Trustee may, and shall following a direction to do so from the 
requisite number of Noteholders, the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty or the SL 
Counterparty (provided in each case it has been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to 
its satisfaction) direct the redemption of the Notes.  
14. 
At what amount do the Notes redeem? 
Each Note will redeem on the relevant Maturity Date at the Final Redemption Amount or, if the Note is 
an Instalment Note, the final Instalment Amount. The Final Redemption Amount will be a cash amount 
and will consist of the Specified Final Redemption Amount, as specified in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions. If no Specified Final Redemption Amount is specified in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions, the Final Redemption Amount shall be the outstanding principal amount of such Note. The 
final Instalment Amount will be a cash amount as specified in, or determined in accordance with, the 
applicable Accessory Conditions. 
If the Notes are redeemed prior to their stated maturity, they will redeem at their Early Redemption 
Amount, which will generally be:  
(i) 
in respect of each Note (other than an Exercised Note), an amount equal to their share of (a) the 
proceeds of the sale or redemption of the Collateral, plus (b) any termination payment (if any) 
payable by the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty and the SL Counterparty to the 
Issuer pursuant to the Swap Agreement, Repo Agreement and SL Agreement respectively, 
minus (c) any termination payment (if any) payable by the Issuer to Swap Counterparty, the 
Repo Counterparty and the SL Counterparty pursuant to the Swap Agreement, Repo Agreement 
and SL Agreement respectively; or  
(ii) 
in respect of each Exercised Note then outstanding, the Physical Redemption Amount plus any 
Non-Physically Deliverable Early Redemption Amount. 
The amount payable to Noteholders in such circumstances will also be subject to payment of any 
amounts owed by the Issuer to any other Transaction Parties which rank in priority to payments due to 
the Noteholders. 
How is the Collateral sold? 
The Disposal Agent will liquidate (sell or otherwise turn into cash) the Collateral on behalf of the Issuer 
during the Liquidation Period (which will typically be a 10 Reference Business Day period (where 
“Liquidation Period Cut-off” is specified as 10 Reference Business Days in the applicable Accessory

--- Page 90 ---
COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
90
Conditions) or a 30 Reference Business Day period (where “Liquidation Period Cut-off” is specified as 
30 Reference Business Days in the applicable Accessory Conditions)), except for any Collateral that is 
due to redeem in full during that period. However, no such sale will be made if the Disposal Agent is 
not permitted to effect such liquidation under applicable laws or it is otherwise not possible or 
practicable for it to do so or if the Disposal Agent is no longer employed to perform that role (see ‘Who 
is the Disposal Agent?’ below).  
The Disposal Agent may sell to itself or to any affiliate of itself, the Swap Counterparty (if different), the 
Repo Counterparty (if different) or the SL Counterparty (if different), provided that such sale is at a price 
which it believes to be a fair market price. Furthermore, the Disposal Agent may liquidate the Collateral 
by way of one or multiple transactions on a single or multiple day(s). 
Who is the Disposal Agent? 
The Disposal Agent will be Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, unless otherwise specified 
in the Accessory Conditions. 
If a Disposal Agent Bankruptcy Event occurs (broadly speaking, if the Disposal Agent is subject to an 
insolvency proceeding or, if the Disposal Agent is an affiliate of the Swap Counterparty, the Repo 
Counterparty or the SL Counterparty, if the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty or the SL 
Counterparty is subject to an insolvency proceeding), then such entity will cease to be the Disposal 
Agent and a replacement Disposal Agent may be appointed by the Issuer and shall be appointed if the 
Issuer is directed by the requisite number of Noteholders.  
What happens if the Collateral is not sold by the expiry of the Liquidation Period? 
If any Collateral has not been sold by the expiry of the Liquidation Period, the Disposal Agent shall, 
subject to the following sentence, sell the Collateral not then sold, irrespective of the price obtainable 
and regardless of such price being close to or equal to zero. The Disposal Agent may elect not to 
liquidate the Collateral in certain circumstances including, without limitation, on the grounds of illegality. 
If any of the Collateral has still not been sold by the Early Valuation Date, the Early Redemption 
Amount will be determined based on the fair market value (as determined by the Calculation Agent) of 
the relevant assets instead of sale proceeds. However, when those assets have finally been realised 
(for example by a replacement Disposal Agent or by or on behalf of the Trustee), if the Early 
Redemption Amount that would have been calculated using such actual proceeds is greater than the 
Early Redemption Amount that was calculated using such fair market value, the Issuer shall owe the 
difference to the Noteholders. If the actual realisation proceeds are less than the fair market value used 
to determine the Early Redemption Amount, Noteholders will receive less than the Early Redemption 
Amount. 
When is the Early Valuation Date and when is the Early Redemption Date? 
The Early Valuation Date is the date as of which the Calculation Agent will determine the Early 
Redemption Amount in respect of the Notes. The Early Redemption Date is the date on which the Early 
Redemption Amount will become due and payable. The Early Valuation Date is the day falling three 
Reference Business Days before the Early Redemption Date. 
The Early Redemption Date will depend on the timing of the liquidation of the Collateral. It will generally 
be (i) the 15th Reference Business Day (where “Liquidation Period Cut-off” is specified as 10 
Reference Business Days in the applicable Accessory Conditions) or (ii) the 35th Reference Business 
Day (where “Liquidation Period Cut-off” is specified as 30 Reference Business Days in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions) following the date on which the Issuer gives notice of the early redemption of the 
Notes or, if earlier, the fifth Reference Business Day following the date on which the Collateral has

--- Page 91 ---
COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
91
been liquidated in full. If the early redemption is caused by an early redemption of the Original 
Collateral, the Early Redemption Date will depend on the redemption date of the Original Collateral. 
How will the termination payment under the Swap Agreement be calculated? 
The termination payment under the Swap Agreement will be based on the value, to the determining 
party, of the Swap Agreement as at the Early Termination Date (determined on the Early Valuation 
Date or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter), taking into account all of the amounts that would 
have been payable by each party if the swap had not terminated. This amount could be negative (in 
which case the termination payment would be made by the determining party) or positive (in which 
case the termination payment would be made by the other party). The termination payment will usually 
be calculated by the Swap Counterparty, unless the Swap Counterparty’s default triggered the 
termination of the Swap Agreement. If the Swap Counterparty is in default, the Issuer will need to 
appoint a substitute calculation agent under the Swap Agreement for the purposes of determining the 
termination payment on the Issuer’s behalf. 
How will the termination payment under the Repo Agreement be calculated? 
Upon early termination of the Repo Agreement, an early termination payment, based on the market 
value of the initial collateral sold under the Repo Agreement, the market value of any collateral posted 
by the Issuer to the Repo Counterparty or vice versa under the Repo Agreement and the repurchase 
price payable for equivalent collateral, will be payable by the Issuer to the Repo Counterparty or (as the 
case may be) by the Repo Counterparty to the Issuer. The termination payment will usually be 
calculated by the Repo Counterparty, unless the Repo Counterparty’s default triggered the termination 
of the Repo Agreement. If the Repo Counterparty is in default, the Issuer will need to appoint a 
calculation agent for the purposes of determining the termination payment on the Issuer’s behalf. 
How will the termination payment under the SL Agreement be calculated? 
Upon early termination of the SL Agreement (which may occur as a result of a default by the SL 
Counterparty or the insolvency of the Issuer), an early termination payment, based on the market value 
of the securities loaned under the SL Agreement and the market value of any margin posted by the 
Issuer to the SL Counterparty or vice versa under the SL Agreement, will be payable by the Issuer to 
the SL Counterparty or (as the case may be) by the SL Counterparty to the Issuer. The termination 
payment will usually be calculated by the SL Counterparty, unless the SL Counterparty’s default 
triggered the termination of the SL Agreement. If the SL Counterparty is in default, the Issuer will need 
to appoint a calculation agent for the purposes of determining the termination payment on the Issuer’s 
behalf. 
15. 
What is the order of priority?  
If the Notes redeem early, or if there is a default at maturity (whether in respect of the Original 
Collateral, by the Issuer or by the Swap Counterparty, Repo Counterparty or SL Counterparty, or 
otherwise), or if there is an enforcement of security then the proceeds of the Mortgaged Property will be 
applied in accordance with a specified order of priorities. In such order of priorities, the claims of other 
creditors of the Issuer in respect of the Notes will be met before the claims of the Noteholders. Amounts 
paid in priority to the Noteholders include, among other things, (i) payments due to the Trustee, (ii) 
payments due to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement, to the Repo Counterparty under 
the Repo Agreement and to the SL Counterparty under the SL Agreement, (iii) any fees of the Disposal 
Agent and (iv) any payments due to the Custodian and/or the other Agents. The Mortgaged Property is 
the only property the Issuer has from which to meet the claims in respect of the Notes. As a result of 
other claims having priority to those of the Noteholders, this means there may not be enough cash for 
the Issuer to meet its obligations to Noteholders (whether in full or at all).

--- Page 92 ---
COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
92
16. 
Who is the “Noteholder”? 
If the Notes are held through a clearing system (which will usually be the case if so specified in the 
applicable Accessory Conditions), the legal “Noteholder” will be the entity nominated by the clearing 
system as the nominee or depositary for the Notes (known as the common depositary). Such entity will 
hold the Notes for the benefit of the clearing systems and it shall be the only person entitled to receive 
payments in respect of such Notes and the Issuer shall be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, 
such entity in respect of each amount so paid. As an investor, your rights in relation to the Notes will be 
governed by the contract you have with your broker, custodian or other entity through which you hold 
your interest in the Notes and the contracts they have with the clearing system and any intermediaries 
in between. Accordingly, where this Base Prospectus describes a right as being owed to, or exercisable 
by, a Noteholder then your ability to benefit from or exercise such right will be dependent on the terms 
of the contracts in such chain. 
If the Notes are held outside the clearing systems, the Noteholder will be the person who holds the 
definitive Bearer Note (in the case of Bearer Notes in definitive form) or the person in whose name a 
Registered Note is registered (in the case of Registered Notes). 
17. 
What rights do Noteholders have against the Issuer? 
Noteholders’ rights include the right to any payments payable to Noteholders in accordance with the 
Master Conditions and the applicable Accessory Conditions. Noteholders may also have the right to 
make certain determinations or decisions (which may sometimes be required to be by a resolution of 
Noteholders) and the Issuer may only take certain actions with respect to the Notes if approved by 
Noteholders. Noteholders should note that, notwithstanding they may be owed payments under the 
Notes, their rights of direct action against the Issuer are limited as the right to take such action is 
generally instead vested in the Trustee (see paragraph 20 (“Who can enforce your rights against the 
Issuer if the Issuer has failed to make a payment on the Notes?”) below). 
18. 
What are the requirements for exercising Noteholders’ rights in respect of the Notes?  
The Conditions specify the requirements for exercising each right in respect of the Notes, including the 
person (if any) that is entitled to enforce such right on behalf of the Noteholders and the required 
percentage of Noteholders (if any) that may direct such person to enforce such right. For example, the 
Conditions specify that only the Trustee may exercise the right to enforce the Security on behalf of 
Noteholders if a default in payment by the Issuer has occurred. The Noteholders may direct the Trustee 
to exercise such rights by way of an Extraordinary Resolution. An “Extraordinary Resolution” means a 
resolution passed at a duly convened meeting by a majority consisting of not less than 75 per cent. of 
the votes cast at such meeting. 
In certain circumstances, where the Notes are held on behalf of a clearing system, the Issuer and the 
Trustee will be entitled to rely upon approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer or the Trustee (as 
the case may be) given by way of electronic consents communicated through the electronic 
communication systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with their operating rules and 
procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. of the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes of the Relevant Noteholder Proportion whose Notes are then outstanding, and 
neither the Issuer nor the Trustee will be liable or responsible to anyone for such reliance.  
In other circumstances where electronic consent is not being sought, Noteholders may also pass 
written resolutions on matters relating to the Notes without calling a meeting. A written resolution must 
be signed by or on behalf of the holders of at least 75 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes of the Relevant Noteholder Proportion whose Notes are then outstanding. For the purpose of 
determining whether a written resolution has been validly passed, the Issuer and the Trustee shall be 
entitled to rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer and/or the Trustee, as the

--- Page 93 ---
COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
93
case may be, by accountholders in the clearing system with entitlements to the Notes and/or, where the 
accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf of another person, on written consent from or 
written instruction by the person for whom such entitlement is ultimately beneficially held. 
Such a written resolution or an electronic consent described in the previous paragraphs may be 
effected in connection with any matter affecting the interests of Noteholders that would otherwise be 
required to be passed at a meeting of Noteholders and shall take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution. 
These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not 
attend and vote at the relevant meeting or in respect of the relevant resolution (or participate in the 
written resolution or electronic consent, as the case may be) and Noteholders who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority (either in a meeting or by written resolution). 
Noteholders should be aware that, even if they have directed the Trustee to act in accordance with the 
Conditions, the Trustee may request that it is indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded before it so 
acts. 
19. 
How do you exercise a right to vote or enforce your rights in respect of the Notes? 
If the Notes are held through a clearing system then, as rights under the Notes can only be exercised 
by the legal Noteholders (see paragraph 16 (“Who is the “Noteholder”?”) above), you must contact the 
custodian, broker or other entity through which you hold your interest in the Notes if you wish for any 
vote to be cast or direction to be given on your behalf. 
In respect of Notes held outside the clearing system, you may exercise your rights to vote or give 
directions directly in accordance with the Conditions. 
20. 
Who can enforce your rights against the Issuer if the Issuer has failed to make a payment on the 
Notes? 
The Issuer will execute a Trust Deed in respect of each Series, under which it will covenant to the 
Trustee that it will make the relevant payments and deliveries due on the Notes. The Trustee will hold 
the benefit of this covenant for Noteholders. If the Issuer fails to make a payment or delivery when due, 
only the Trustee may pursue the remedies available under the Trust Deed to enforce the rights of the 
Noteholders, unless the Trustee fails to do so within a reasonable period after having become bound to 
do so and such failure is continuing. 
21. 
When will the Security be enforced? 
The Security may be enforced by the Trustee following the occurrence of an Enforcement Event. 
An Enforcement Event includes, amongst other events, the failure by the Issuer to pay (i) the Early 
Redemption Amount in respect of the Notes on the Early Redemption Date or (ii) any principal or 
interest in respect of the Notes on the Maturity Date and such failure is continuing on the Relevant 
Payment Date.  
The Trustee shall enforce the Security following the occurrence of an Enforcement Event if it is (i) 
requested in writing by holders of at least 20 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes 
then outstanding, (ii) directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders or (iii) directed in 
writing by the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty or the SL Counterparty (whichever shall be 
the first to so request or direct, as the case may be) (provided in each case that the Trustee shall have 
been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction and provided that the Trustee has 
given an Enforcement Notice to the Issuer, the Custodian, the Swap Counterparty, the Repo 
Counterparty, the SL Counterparty and any Disposal Agent appointed at that time).

--- Page 94 ---
COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
94
22. 
How are payments made to you? 
If the Notes are held through a clearing system, payments will be made in accordance with the contract 
you have with your broker, custodian or other entity through which you hold your interest in the Notes. 
For Notes not held through a clearing system, the “Noteholder” will be the investor who physically holds 
the Note (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the investor shown on the register (in the case of Registered 
Notes). To receive payment of principal, interest or other amounts, you will need to contact a paying 
agent (for Bearer Notes) or the registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) and present evidence of your 
holding of the relevant Note. The Issuer will not make payments to you directly but will do so through 
the relevant agents. 
23. 
When are payments made to investors? 
Payments of principal and, if applicable, interest or other amounts are made on the dates specified in 
the applicable Accessory Conditions. 
24. 
Who calculates the amounts payable? 
Determinations will be made by the Calculation Agent. The Calculation Agent will be Crédit Agricole 
Corporate and Investment Bank, unless otherwise specified in the Accessory Conditions.  
The Calculation Agent is an agent of the Issuer and not of the Noteholders. You should also be aware 
that the Calculation Agent is likely to be an affiliate of the Dealer, the Swap Counterparty, the Repo 
Counterparty and the SL Counterparty. See the section of this Base Prospectus titled “Risk Factors” 
and the risk factors titled “Conflicts of interest” therein. 
If the Calculation Agent is insolvent or if the Calculation Agent is an affiliate of the Swap Counterparty, 
the Repo Counterparty or the SL Counterparty and the Swap Counterparty, Repo Counterparty or SL 
Counterparty is in default or insolvent, a replacement Calculation Agent may be appointed in 
accordance with the Conditions to make any necessary calculations.  
The calculation agent under the Swap Agreement is responsible for performing the calculations and 
determinations required under the Swap Agreement in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner. The calculation agent will be the Swap Counterparty. If the Swap Counterparty is insolvent, 
the replacement calculation agent shall be the replacement calculation agent appointed in respect of 
the related Notes.  
25. 
Are the Calculation Agent’s determinations binding on you? 
All calculations and determinations made by the Calculation Agent in relation to the Notes will be final 
and binding (except in the case of manifest error).  
26. 
Will you be able to sell your Notes? If so, what will be the price of the Notes? 
A market may not develop for the Notes. You should therefore be prepared to hold your Notes until 
their maturity date. 
The Notes may be subject to certain transfer restrictions and, in such case, will only be capable of 
being transferred to certain transferees under certain circumstances. Such restrictions on the transfer 
of Notes may further limit their liquidity. 
Please see the section of this Base Prospectus titled “Risk Factors - Risks relating to the Notes – 
Market value of Notes” for a description of factors that may be relevant for determining the price of the 
Notes at any given time. Please note that any price at which Notes may be sold prior to the maturity 
date may be at a discount, which could be substantial, to the value at which the Notes were acquired 
on the issue date.

--- Page 95 ---
COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
95
27. 
Are there any fees, expenses or taxes to pay when purchasing, holding or selling Notes? What 
other taxes might affect the Notes? 
You may incur fees and expenses in relation to the purchase, holding, transfer and sale of Notes. You 
should also be aware that stamp duties or taxes may have to be paid in accordance with the laws and 
practices of the country where the Notes are transferred.  
You should note that, if the Issuer, the Trustee, any Agent or the Custodian is required by applicable 
law to apply any withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties or 
charges of whatsoever nature, it will account to the relevant authorities for the amount so required to be 
withheld or deducted and only pay the net amount after application of such withholding or deduction. 
None of the Issuer, the Trustee, any Agent or the Custodian will be obliged to make any additional 
payments to you in respect of such withholding or deduction. 
If a tax is imposed on payments to the Issuer in respect of the Original Collateral, the Swap Agreement, 
the Repo Agreement or the SL Agreement, or on payments from the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty 
under the Swap Agreement, to the Repo Counterparty under the Repo Agreement or to the SL 
Counterparty under the SL Agreement, the Notes will generally be redeemed at their Early Redemption 
Amount. 
General information relating to certain aspects of Jersey and Irish taxation is set out under the section 
of this Base Prospectus titled “Taxation”. You should consult your selling agent for details of fees, 
expenses, commissions or other costs and your own tax advisers in order to understand fully the tax 
implications specific to investment in any Notes.  
28. 
Can the Issuer amend the Conditions of Notes without your consent? 
The Issuer may amend the Conditions without the consent of the Noteholders if:  
(i) 
the Trustee determines that the relevant amendment is of a formal, minor or technical nature or 
is made to correct a manifest error or is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed; 
(ii) 
the Issuer determines that the relevant amendments are necessary to reflect the appointment or 
replacement of any Agent or the Custodian; 
(iii) 
such amendments are necessary to avoid the imposition of withholding on payments made to 
the Issuer, or fines or penalties that would be suffered by the Issuer, under an applicable 
Information Reporting Regime; 
(iv) 
such amendments constitute the replacement of a Reference Rate with a Replacement 
Reference Rate or are necessary or appropriate in order to account for the effect of the 
replacement of a Reference Rate with a Replacement Reference Rate (as adjusted by the 
Adjustment Spread) and/or to preserve as closely as practicable the economic equivalence of 
the Notes before and after the replacement of a Reference Rate with a Replacement Reference 
Rate (as adjusted by the Adjustment Spread);  
(v) 
the purpose of such amendments is to account for any Original Collateral Disruption Event 
Losses/Gains incurred by the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty and/or the SL 
Counterparty; or 
(vi) 
such amendments are required in order to cause (a) the transactions contemplated by the 
Conditions and the Transaction Documents to be compliant with all Relevant Regulatory Laws, 
(b) the Issuer and each Transaction Party to be compliant with all Relevant Regulatory Laws or 
(c) the Issuer and each Transaction Party to be able to continue to transact future business (as

--- Page 96 ---
COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
96
issuer of Notes or as a transaction party to the Issuer pursuant to the Programme) in compliance 
with all Relevant Regulatory Laws, 
and, in the case of paragraphs (iii) to (vi) above, subject to the satisfaction of additional requirements 
set out in the Conditions.  
Any amendment pursuant to paragraphs (i) or (ii) above shall only be notified to the Noteholders if 
required by the Trustee.  
29. 
Will the Programme be rated? 
The Programme is not rated. However, Notes may be rated by Fitch, JCR, Moody’s, R&I, and/or S&P 
or any other rating agency specified in the Accessory Conditions.

--- Page 97 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
97
MASTER CONDITIONS
The following is the text of the Master Conditions applicable to the Notes issued under the Programme. Such 
Master Conditions, subject to completion in accordance with the provisions of Part A of the applicable Final 
Terms or completion and amendment and as supplemented and/or varied in accordance with the provisions of 
Part A of the applicable Pricing Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes. Either (i) the full text of these Master 
Conditions together with the relevant provisions of Part A of the applicable Accessory Conditions or (ii) these 
Master Conditions as so completed (in the case of Final Terms) or as so completed, amended, supplemented 
or varied (in the case of Pricing Terms) (and in each case subject to simplification by the deletion of non-
applicable provisions) shall be endorsed on any Bearer Note or on any Certificate relating to a Registered 
Note. In respect of the Notes, Accessory Conditions means the Accessory Conditions completed by the Issuer 
which specifies the issue details of the Notes. References in the Conditions to Notes are to the Notes of one 
Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme.
The Notes are constituted and secured by the Trust Deed entered into between, among others, the Issuer and 
the Trustee for such Series. These Master Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed 
provisions of the Trust Deed. 
An Agency Agreement will be entered into in relation to each Series between, among others, the Issuer, the 
Trustee, HSBC Bank plc as issuing and paying agent and Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank as 
disposal agent. A Custody Agreement will be entered into in relation to each Series between the Issuer, the 
Trustee and HSBC Bank plc as custodian. 
The Noteholders, the Couponholders and the holders of Receipts are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by, 
and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed and are deemed to have notice of 
those provisions applicable to them of the Programme Deed and the Agency Agreement. 
1 
Definitions and Interpretation
Capitalised terms used but not defined in the Conditions shall have the meanings given to them in the 
Master Definitions referred to in the Issue Deed for the Notes. The Conditions shall be construed and 
interpreted in accordance with the principles of construction and interpretation set out in the Master 
Definitions.  
For convenience in reading this Base Prospectus, set out below are extracts from the Master Definitions 
of defined terms used in the Conditions.  
“100% Noteholders” means any holder or group of holders that together beneficially hold 100 per cent. 
of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. 
“2006 ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by ISDA, as amended and updated 
up to the Initial Reference Date.
“2021 ISDA Definitions” means the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions published by ISDA 
(including any matrices, such as the Floating Rate Matrix, referred to therein), as amended and updated 
up to the Initial Reference Date. 
“2021 ISDA Definitions Publication Version” means, in respect of each Series, the latest available 
version of the 2021 ISDA Definitions as at the Initial Reference Date of the first Tranche of such Series, 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions. 
“Accessory Conditions” means either the Final Terms or the Pricing Terms for the relevant Notes, as 
applicable.

--- Page 98 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
98
“Actual Currency Proceeds” means the Available Proceeds as of the Early Valuation Date but 
excluding any amount paid by (i) the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer as a result of the termination of all 
outstanding Swap Transactions under the Swap Agreement relating to the Notes, (ii) the Repo 
Counterparty to the Issuer as a result of the termination of all outstanding Repo Transactions under the 
Repo Agreement relating to the Notes or (iii) the SL Counterparty to the Issuer as a result of the 
termination of all outstanding SL Transactions under the SL Agreement relating to the Notes, provided 
that, in each case, if any Collateral has not been Liquidated by the Early Valuation Date then the Actual 
Currency Proceeds in respect of such Collateral not then Liquidated shall be deemed to be the fair bid-
side market value of such Collateral as of the Early Valuation Date (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) net of any taxes, costs or charges that would be incurred on the sale of the Collateral. 
“Additional Conditions Supplement” means any “Additional Conditions Supplement” which is specified 
in the applicable Pricing Terms. 
“Additional Redemption Event” means the determination by the Calculation Agent on any day of the 
occurrence of any of the Additional Redemption Events specified as applicable in the relevant Pricing 
Terms or any Additional Conditions Supplement. 
“Adjustment Spread” means the adjustment, if any, to a Replacement Reference Rate that the 
Calculation Agent determines is required in order to:  
(i) 
reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any transfer of economic value from (a) 
the Issuer to the Noteholders and the Couponholders or (b) the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders to the Issuer, in each case that would otherwise arise as a result of the 
replacement of the Reference Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate; 
(ii) 
reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any transfer of economic value from (a) 
the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty and/or the Repo Counterparty or (b) the Swap Counterparty 
and/or the Repo Counterparty to the Issuer, in each case that would otherwise arise as a result of 
any changes made to the Swap Agreement and the Repo Agreement as a consequence of the 
replacement under the Notes of the Reference Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate; and 
(iii) 
reflect any losses, expenses and costs that have been or that will be incurred by the Swap 
Counterparty and/or the Repo Counterparty as a result of entering into, maintaining and/or 
unwinding any transactions to hedge the Swap Counterparty’s obligations under the Swap 
Transactions under the Swap Agreement and/or the Repo Counterparty’s obligations under the 
Repo Transactions under the Repo Agreement (as applicable), in each case to remove any 
difference between the cash flows under the Notes and any transactions in place to hedge the 
Swap Counterparty’s obligations under the Swap Transactions under the Swap Agreement and/or 
the Repo Counterparty’s obligations under the Repo Transactions under the Repo Agreement (as 
applicable) which have resulted following the occurrence of a Reference Rate Event.  
Any such adjustment may take account of, without limitation, any anticipated transfer of economic value 
as a result of any difference in the term structure or tenor of the Replacement Reference Rate by 
comparison to the Reference Rate. The Adjustment Spread may be positive, negative or zero or 
determined pursuant to a formula or methodology. 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event” means, for a Series and a Reference Rate, any authorisation, 
registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official register 
in respect of the Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of the Reference Rate has not been, or 
will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant 
competent authority or other relevant official body, in each case with the effect that either:

--- Page 99 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
99
(i) 
the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity is not, or will not be, permitted under any 
applicable law or regulation to use the Reference Rate to perform its or their respective obligations 
under the Notes; or  
(ii) 
the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty, the SL Counterparty or any other entity is not, or 
will not be, permitted under any applicable law or regulation to use the Reference Rate to perform 
its or their respective obligations under any transactions in place to hedge the Swap 
Counterparty’s obligations under the Swap Transactions under the Swap Agreement, the Repo 
Counterparty’s obligations under the Repo Transactions under the Repo Agreement and/or the SL 
Counterparty’s obligations under the SL Transactions under the SL Agreement (as applicable). 
If, for a Series and a Reference Rate, (a) an event or circumstance which would otherwise constitute or 
give rise to an Administrator/Benchmark Event also constitutes a Reference Rate Cessation or (b) a 
Reference Rate Cessation and an Administrator/Benchmark Event would otherwise be continuing at the 
same time, it will in either case constitute a Reference Rate Cessation and will not constitute or give rise 
to an Administrator/Benchmark Event provided that, if the date that would otherwise have been the 
Administrator/Benchmark Event Date would have occurred before the Reference Rate is no longer 
available or becomes non-representative, Condition 9(e) (Interim Measures) shall apply as if an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event had occurred. 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event Date” means, for a Series and an Administrator/Benchmark Event, 
the date on which the authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, 
approval or inclusion in any official register is: 
(i) 
required under any applicable law or regulation; or 
(ii) 
rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn, if the applicable law or regulation provides that the 
Reference Rate is not permitted to be used under the Notes following rejection, refusal, 
suspension or withdrawal, 
or, in each case, if such date occurs before the Reference Rate Trade Date, the Reference Rate Trade 
Date. 
“Affected Classes” has the meaning given to it in Condition 19(a) (Meetings of Noteholders). 
“Affected Instructing Noteholder” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(c)(iv). 
“Affected Partial Early Termination Date” has the meaning given to it in the Swap Agreement, Repo 
Agreement or SL Agreement (as applicable). 
“Affected Partial Repo Termination Value” means an amount in the Base Currency (as defined in the 
Repo Agreement) equal to the Termination Payment in respect of the Repo Agreement that is payable by 
the Issuer to the Repo Counterparty or by the Repo Counterparty to the Issuer under the Repo 
Agreement upon a partial termination of the Repo Agreement on the Affected Partial Early Termination 
Date. Such Termination Payment shall be determined on the basis that: 
(i) 
the Issuer will be the Defaulting Party and the Repo Counterparty will be the non-Defaulting Party; 
(ii) 
the “Base Currency” is the Specified Currency of the Notes; and 
(iii) 
the portion of the Repo Transaction being terminated shall be the portion of the Repo Transaction 
that relates to (A) an aggregate principal amount of Notes which corresponds to the relevant 
portion of the Original Collateral Asset and (B) the relevant portion of the Original Collateral Asset.  
“Affected Partial SL Termination Value” means an amount in the Base Currency (as defined in the SL 
Agreement) equal to the Termination Payment in respect of the SL Agreement that is payable by the 
Issuer to the SL Counterparty or by the SL Counterparty to the Issuer under the SL Agreement upon a

--- Page 100 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
100
partial termination of the SL Agreement on the Affected Partial Early Termination Date. Such Termination 
Payment shall be determined on the basis that: 
(i) 
the Issuer will be the Defaulting Party and the SL Counterparty will be the Non-Defaulting Party; 
(ii) 
the “Base Currency” is the Specified Currency of the Notes; and 
(iii) 
the portion of the SL Transaction being terminated shall be the portion of the SL Transaction that 
relates to (A) an aggregate principal amount of Notes which corresponds to the relevant portion of 
the Original Collateral Asset and (B) the relevant portion of the Original Collateral Asset.  
“Affected Partial Swap Termination Value” means an amount in the Termination Currency (as defined 
in the Swap Agreement) equal to the Termination Payment in respect of the Swap Agreement that is 
payable by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty or by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer under the 
Swap Agreement upon a partial termination of the Swap Agreement on the Affected Partial Early 
Termination Date. Such Termination Payment shall be determined on the basis that: 
(i) 
the Issuer is the sole Affected Party; 
(ii) 
the “Termination Currency” is the Specified Currency of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the portion of the Swap Transaction being terminated shall be the portion of the Swap Transaction 
that relates to (A) an aggregate principal amount of Notes which corresponds to the relevant 
portion of the Original Collateral Asset and (B) the relevant portion of the Original Collateral Asset; 
and 
(iv) 
the Calculation Agent is the Determining Party and Section 6(e)(ii)(1) of the Swap Agreement 
applies but without reference to Section 6(e)(ii)(3) thereof. 
“Affected Payment” has the meaning given to it in Condition 10(i) (Currency Unavailability). 
“Affected Payment Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 10(i) (Currency Unavailability). 
“Affiliate” means, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by that person, any 
entity that controls, directly or indirectly, that person or any entity, directly or indirectly, under common 
control with that person. For this purpose, “control” means ownership of a majority of the voting power of 
the entity or person. 
“Agency Agreement” means, for a Series, the agency agreement for that Series created by entry into of 
the Issue Deed for the first Tranche of that Series, on the terms of the Master Agency Terms as 
amended by such Issue Deed.  
“Agents” means:  
(i) 
for Bearer Notes, the Calculation Agent, the Disposal Agent, the Issuing and Paying Agent and 
the other Paying Agents; and 
(ii) 
for Registered Notes, the Calculation Agent, the Disposal Agent, the Issuing and Paying Agent, 
the Registrar and the other Transfer Agents,  
for that Series, together with, in each case, such other agent(s) as may be appointed by the Issuer for 
that Series and any Successor thereto, and references to “Agent” means any of them. 
“Aggregate Undeliverable Original Collateral Amount” has the meaning given to it in 
Condition 5(c)(v). 
“Aggregated Note Entitlement” has the meaning given to it in the definition of “Physical Redemption 
Amount”.

--- Page 101 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
101
“Alternative Currency” means, following the occurrence of a Currency Unavailability Event, the currency 
selected by the Calculation Agent (acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner) as being 
appropriate for the Notes, the Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement and/or the SL Agreement (as 
applicable) taking into account market conditions and liquidity in the inter-bank market for exchanges 
with the Specified Currency, provided that the Alternative Currency shall always be one of euro (or any 
successor currency thereof) or the lawful currency of Australia, Canada, Japan, the United Kingdom or 
the United States from time to time.
“Authority” means any competent regulatory, prosecuting, tax or governmental authority in any 
jurisdiction. 
“Available Deliverable Collateral” means the aggregate nominal amount of each Component Collateral 
comprising the Remaining Original Collateral that is available for delivery after excluding the Non-
Physically Deliverable Collateral (if any) relating to the Notes. 
“Available Proceeds” means, with respect to a Liquidation Event or Enforcement Event relating to a 
Series and as of a particular day: 
(i) 
all cash sums derived from any Liquidation of the Collateral for that Series, any amount paid by 
the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer as a result of the termination of all outstanding Swap 
Transactions under the Swap Agreement relating to that Series, any amount paid by the Repo 
Counterparty to the Issuer as a result of the termination of all outstanding Repo Transactions 
under the Repo Agreement relating to that Series, any amount paid by the SL Counterparty to the 
Issuer as a result of the termination of all outstanding SL Transactions under the SL Agreement 
relating to that Series, any amounts realised by the Trustee on enforcement of the Security and all 
other cash sums available to the Issuer or the Trustee, as the case may be, derived from the 
Mortgaged Property for such Series (after deduction of, or provision for, any Negative Interest); 
minus 
(ii) 
any cash sums which have already been applied by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 15(a) 
(Application of Available Proceeds of Liquidation) of such Series on any Issuer Application Date or 
by the Trustee pursuant to Condition 15(b) (Application of Available Proceeds of Enforcement of 
Security) of such Series on any Trustee Application Date, as the case may be. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where an Early Physical Redemption Amount is payable by the Issuer in 
respect of any Notes, the Collateral comprised in such Early Physical Redemption Amount shall not, in 
any way, constitute Available Proceeds. 
“Bankruptcy Credit Event” means the occurrence of a Credit Event as a result of Bankruptcy, and with 
each of “Credit Event” and “Bankruptcy” having the meaning given to them in the ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions. 
“Bankruptcy Event” has the meaning given to the term “Bankruptcy” in Section 4.2 of the ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions, provided that the words “means the Reference Entity” in the first line thereof shall 
be replaced with the words “means, with respect to any person, such person”. 
“Bearer Note” means a Note that is in bearer form, and includes any replacement Bearer Note issued 
pursuant to the Conditions and any Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note. 
“Board” means the board of directors of the relevant Issuer. 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in respect of any Definitive Bearer Note, Receipt or Coupon, a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the relevant place of presentation;

--- Page 102 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
102
(ii) 
in respect of any place (other than the relevant place of presentation), a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in such place; or 
(iii) 
where “TARGET” is specified in the context of a Business Day, a day which is a TARGET 
Business Day. 
“Business Day Convention” means each of:  
(i) 
the Following Business Day Convention; 
(ii) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention; and  
(iii) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention. 
“Calculation Agent” means, for a Series, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank or otherwise 
the person specified as such in the applicable Accessory Conditions or any Successor thereto, in each 
case at its Specified Office. 
“Calculation Agent Bankruptcy Event” means, for a Series:  
(i) 
a Bankruptcy Event occurs with respect to the Calculation Agent for that Series; 
(ii) 
a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that a Bankruptcy Credit Event has 
occurred in respect of the Calculation Agent, or any analogous determination has been made by a 
committee or person under any definitions that replace the ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions as 
the market standard terms for credit derivatives or under any amendment of or supplement to the 
ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions; 
(iii) 
the Calculation Agent for that Series is an Affiliate of the Swap Counterparty and a Swap 
Counterparty Bankruptcy Event has occurred; 
(iv) 
the Calculation Agent for that Series is an Affiliate of the Repo Counterparty and a Repo 
Counterparty Bankruptcy Event has occurred; and/or  
(v) 
the Calculation Agent for that Series is an Affiliate of the SL Counterparty and an SL Counterparty 
Bankruptcy Event has occurred. 
“Calculation Amount” means, in respect of a Note and an Interest Period, the amount specified in the 
applicable Accessory Conditions. 
“Calculation Amount Factor” means, in respect of a Note, the number equal to the outstanding 
principal amount of such Note divided by the Calculation Amount. 
“Cash Redemption Portion” means a cash amount equal to (i) the Non-Physically Deliverable Collateral 
Proceeds minus (ii) the Physical Top-Up Portions (if any). 
“Certificate” means a registered certificate substantially in the form (save in the case of a Global 
Certificate) set out as a “Certificate” in the Master Forms of Notes, and representing one or more 
Registered Notes of the same Series and, save as provided in the Conditions for that Series, comprising 
the entire holding by a Noteholder of his Registered Notes of that Series. 
“Certification” means the presentation to the Issuing and Paying Agent of a certificate or certificates with 
respect to one or more interests in a Temporary Global Note, signed by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (substantially to the effect of Schedule 3 (Clearing System Certificate of Non-U.S. 
Citizenship and Residency) to the Agency Agreement), to the effect that such clearance system has 
received a certificate or certificates substantially to the effect of Schedule 2 (Accountholder Certificate of 
Non-U.S. Citizenship and Residency) to the Agency Agreement and that no contrary advice as to the 
contents thereof has been received by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be.

--- Page 103 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
103
“Classes” means, where the applicable Accessory Conditions specify that Classes are applicable in 
respect of a Series, such classes as are specified in such Accessory Conditions and “Class” shall be 
construed accordingly. 
“Clearstream, Luxembourg” means Clearstream Banking S.A. 
“Code” means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
“Collateral” means, for a Series, the Issuer’s rights, title and/or interests in and to any of the following: 
(i) 
the Original Collateral (other than any Original Collateral that the Issuer may have sold, posted or 
otherwise disposed of under the terms of the Credit Support Annex, the Repo Agreement or the 
SL Agreement); 
(ii) 
from time to time, any Swap Counterparty CSA Posted Collateral, Repo Posted Collateral and SL 
Posted Collateral; 
(iii) 
any other securities, cash or other assets or property transferred or delivered to the Issuer 
pursuant to the Credit Support Annex, the Repo Agreement or the SL Agreement; and 
(iv) 
any cash transferred to any cash account in the name of the Issuer opened in London in the 
books of the Custodian and which is used solely for the purpose of holding amounts that are to be 
used in paying any costs of the Issuer which relate to such Series and which would not have 
arisen but for the issuance of such Series, including any litigation relating to such Series. 
Collateral for a Series shall include the rights, title and/or interests in and to (A) any further Collateral 
acquired by the Issuer in connection with any further issue of notes that are to be consolidated and form 
a single series with the Notes of that Series, (B) any Collateral acquired by the Issuer by way of 
substitution or replacement of any Collateral previously held by it for that Series and (C) any asset or 
property (which may, for the avoidance of doubt, include the benefit of contractual rights) into which any 
of the Collateral for that Series is converted or exchanged or that is issued to the Issuer (or any relevant 
person holding such Collateral for or on behalf of the Issuer) by virtue of its holding thereof. 
“Collateral Obligor” means, for a Series, any person that has an obligation or duty to the Issuer (or any 
relevant person holding the Collateral for such Series for or on behalf of the Issuer) in respect of the 
Collateral for that Series pursuant to the terms of such Collateral. 
“Collateral Proceeds” means, for a Series, the Specified Currency Equivalent of all cash sums derived 
from any Liquidation of the Collateral for that Series as of the Early Valuation Date for that Series, 
provided that if any Collateral of that Series has not been Liquidated by such Early Valuation Date, then 
the Collateral Proceeds in respect of such Collateral not then Liquidated shall be deemed to be the fair 
bid-side market value of such Collateral as of the Early Valuation Date (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) net of any taxes, costs or charges that would be incurred on the sale of such Collateral. 
“Collateral Sale Agreement” means, in respect of a Tranche, the collateral sale agreement for that 
Tranche created by entry into of the Issue Deed for that Tranche, on the terms of the Master Collateral 
Sale Terms as amended by such Issue Deed. 
“Common Depositary” means, in relation to a Series, a depositary common to Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
“Component Collateral” has the meaning given to it in the definition of “Non-Physically Deliverable 
Collateral Component”. 
“Conditions” means, for a Series, the Master Conditions:  
(i) 
as completed, amended, supplemented and/or varied by the provisions of Part A of the applicable 
Accessory Conditions (provided that where Notes of a Series are issued by way of Final Terms

--- Page 104 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
104
pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation, the Conditions may not be amended, supplemented or 
varied by the Final Terms); and  
(ii) 
to the extent that the Notes are represented by a Global Note or Global Certificate, as the case 
may be, as further completed, amended, supplemented and/or varied by the terms of the Global 
Note or Global Certificate, as the case may be.  
Reference to a particularly numbered Condition shall be construed as a reference to the Condition so 
numbered in the Master Conditions. 
“Couponholder” means a holder of a Coupon and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, a Talon 
for one or more further Coupons. 
“Coupons” means the bearer coupons relating to interest-bearing Bearer Notes or, as the context may 
require, a specific number of them and includes any replacement Coupons issued pursuant to the 
Conditions. 
“Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee” has the meaning given to it in the ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions. 
“Credit Support Annex” has the meaning given to it in the definition of “ISDA Master Agreement”. 
“Credit Support Balance (VM)” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Credit Support Annex. 
“CSB Return Amount” has the meaning given to it in Conditions 15(a)(i)(A) or 15(b)(i)(A), as applicable. 
“Currency Unavailability Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 10(i) (Currency Unavailability). 
“Currency Unavailability Event Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 10(i) (Currency 
Unavailability). 
“Custodian” means HSBC Bank plc or otherwise the person specified as such in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions or any Successor thereto, in each case at its Specified Office. 
“Custodian Bankruptcy Event” means, for a Series:  
(i) 
a Bankruptcy Event occurs with respect to the Custodian for that Series; or  
(ii) 
a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that a Bankruptcy Credit Event has 
occurred in respect of the Custodian, or any analogous determination has been made by a 
committee or person under any definitions that replace the ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions as 
the market standard terms for credit derivatives or under any amendment of or supplement to the 
ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions. 
“Custody Account” means, for a Series, the custody account in the name of the Issuer opened in 
London in the books of the Custodian for that Series. 
“Custody Agreement” means, for a Series, the custody agreement for that Series created by entry into 
of the Issue Deed for that Series, on the terms of the Master Custody Terms as amended by such Issue 
Deed. 
“Cut-off Date” means, for a Series and a Reference Rate:  
(i) 
in respect of a Reference Rate Cessation, the later of: 
(A) 
15 London Business Days following the day on which the public statement is made or the 
information is published (in each case, as referred to in the definition of “Reference Rate 
Cessation”); and

--- Page 105 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
105
(B) 
the first day on which the Reference Rate is no longer available or becomes non-
representative; 
(ii) 
in respect of an Administrator/Benchmark Event, the later of:  
(A) 
15 London Business Days following the day on which the Calculation Agent determines 
that an Administrator/Benchmark Event has occurred; and  
(B) 
the Administrator/Benchmark Event Date; 
(iii) 
in respect of a Risk-Free Rate Event, the later of: 
(A) 
15 London Business Days following the day on which the Calculation Agent determines 
that a Risk-Free Rate Event has occurred; and 
(B) 
the Risk-Free Rate Event Date;  
(iv) 
in respect of a Representative Statement Event, the later of: 
(A) 
15 London Business Days following the day on which the Calculation Agent determines 
that a Representative Statement Event has occurred; and 
(B) 
the Representative Statement Event Date; and  
(v) 
in respect of a Material Change Event, the later of: 
(A) 
15 London Business Days following the day on which the Calculation Agent determines 
that a Material Change Event has occurred; and 
(B) 
the Material Change Event Date, 
provided that, in each case, if more than one Relevant Nominating Body formally designates, nominates 
or recommends an interest rate, index, benchmark or other price source and one or more of those 
Relevant Nominating Bodies does so on or after the day that is three London Business Days before the 
date determined pursuant to paragraphs (i) to (iv) above (as applicable), then the Cut-off Date will 
instead be the second London Business Day following the date that, but for this proviso, would have 
been the Cut-off Date. 
“D Rules Note” means a Temporary Global Note in respect of which “TEFRA D” or “TEFRA Not 
Applicable” is specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any 
Interest Period: 
(i) 
if “1/1” is specified, 1; 
(ii) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual-ISDA” is specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions, 
the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions, a fraction equal to 
“number of days accrued/number of days in year”, as such terms are used in Rule 251 of the 
statutes, by-laws, rules and recommendations of the International Capital Market Association (the 
“ICMA Rule Book”), calculated in accordance with Rule 251 of the ICMA Rule Book as applied to 
non U.S. dollar denominated straight and convertible bonds issued after 31 December 1998, as 
though the interest on a bond were being calculated for a coupon period corresponding to the 
Interest Period;

--- Page 106 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
106
(iv) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(v) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 









360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2







where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 










360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2







where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(viii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =

--- Page 107 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
107
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) 
such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(ix) 
if “Act/365L” is specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if the Interest Period End Date falling at the end of the Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, divided by 366); 
(x) 
if “Calculation/252” is specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions, the actual number of 
Reference Business Days falling in the Interest Period following application of the relevant 
Business Day Convention to the applicable Interest Period End Dates, divided by 252; and 
(xi) 
if “RBA Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions:  
(A) 
where Interest Periods are three months in length (excluding any shorter or longer first and 
last Interest Periods), 0.25; 
(B) 
where Interest Periods are six months in length (excluding any shorter or longer first and 
last Interest Periods), 0.5; and 
(C) 
where Interest Periods are twelve months in length (excluding any shorter or longer first 
and last Interest Periods), 1, 
provided that, in each case, if the first and/or last Interest Periods are shorter than the other 
Interest Periods, “Actual/Actual-ISDA” shall apply in respect of such Interest Period(s) instead. 
“Dealer” means, in respect of a Tranche, the entity specified as such in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions. 
“Dealer Agreement” means, in respect of a Tranche, the dealer agreement for that Tranche created by 
entry into of the Issue Deed for that Tranche, on the terms of the Master Dealer Terms as amended by 
such Issue Deed. 
“Default Interest” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(e) (Accrual of Interest). 
“Definitive Bearer Note” means a Bearer Note in definitive form having, where appropriate, Coupons, 
Receipt(s) and/or a Talon attached on issue and includes any replacement Note issued pursuant to the 
Conditions. 
“Definitive Registered Note” means a Certificate (other than a Global Certificate) and includes any 
replacement Certificate issued pursuant to the Conditions. 
“Delayed Interest Payment Days” means, for a Series, the number of Reference Business Days 
specified as such in the applicable Accessory Conditions for the purposes of “Delayed Payment”.

--- Page 108 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
108
“Deliverable Cash Amount” means, in respect of an Instructing Noteholder, the product of:  
(i) 
the Instructing Noteholder Undeliverable Percentage in respect of that Instructing Noteholder; and  
(ii) 
the net proceeds realised from the Liquidation of the Aggregate Undeliverable Original Collateral 
Amount, in each case after deduction of the following:  
(A) 
any taxes required to be paid by virtue of such Liquidation; and  
(B) 
any costs, charges, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Issuer or the Disposal Agent by 
virtue of such Liquidation. 
“Deliverable Original Collateral Amount” means the principal amount of Original Collateral to be 
delivered to an Instructing Noteholder (by reference to the Instructing Noteholder Proportion in respect of 
that Instructing Noteholder) rounded down to the nearest amount that is capable of being delivered, 
assigned or transferred. 
“Delivery Instruction Certificate” means, in respect of any delivery of Collateral to a Noteholder under 
the Conditions, a delivery instruction certificate substantially in the form set out in the Trust Deed, validly 
completed and executed by the relevant Noteholder. 
“Director” means a director of the Issuer. 
“Disposal Agent” means, for a Series, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank or otherwise the 
person specified as such in the applicable Accessory Conditions or any Successor thereto, in each case 
at its Specified Office. 
“Disposal Agent Bankruptcy Event” means, for a Series:  
(i) 
a Bankruptcy Event occurs with respect to the Disposal Agent for that Series; 
(ii) 
a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that a Bankruptcy Credit Event has 
occurred in respect of the Disposal Agent, or any analogous determination has been made by a 
committee or person under any definitions that replace the ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions as 
the market standard terms for credit derivatives or under any amendment of or supplement to the 
ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions; 
(iii) 
the Disposal Agent for that Series is an Affiliate of the Swap Counterparty and a Swap 
Counterparty Bankruptcy Event has occurred; 
(iv) 
the Disposal Agent for that Series is an Affiliate of the Repo Counterparty and a Repo 
Counterparty Bankruptcy Event has occurred; and/or  
(v) 
the Disposal Agent for that Series is an Affiliate of the SL Counterparty and an SL Counterparty 
Bankruptcy Event has occurred. 
“Disposal Agent Fees” has the meaning given to it in the definition of “Liquidation Expenses”. 
“Dodd-Frank Act” means the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010. 
“Early Cash Redemption Amount” means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent to be an 
amount equal to that Note’s pro rata share of: 
(i) 
with respect to Notes issued by way of Pricing Terms, the amount specified as such in the 
applicable Pricing Terms (or the amount determined in accordance with the formula or method for 
determining such amount specified therein);  
(ii) 
where the Notes are redeemed pursuant to Condition 8(o) (Redemption Following Satisfaction of 
an Issuer Call Condition), an amount determined by the Calculation Agent to be an amount equal 
to the Issuer Call Redemption Amount;

--- Page 109 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
109
(iii) 
where “Partial Redemption for Original Collateral Call/Put” is specified to be applicable in the 
Accessory Conditions and an Original Collateral Call/Put occurs in respect of some but not all of 
the Original Collateral of such Series, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions: 
(A) 
the Collateral Proceeds relating only to the portion of the Original Collateral which has been 
the subject of an Original Collateral Call/Put; plus 
(B) 
any Affected Partial Swap Termination Value, Affected Partial Repo Termination Value 
and/or Affected Partial SL Termination Value payable to the Issuer; minus 
(C) 
any Affected Partial Swap Termination Value, Affected Partial Repo Termination Value 
and/or Affected Partial SL Termination Value payable to the Swap Counterparty; or 
(iv) 
if no such amount is specified in the applicable Pricing Terms or with respect to Notes issued by 
way of Final Terms and other than where the “Early Redemption Settlement Method” specified in 
the applicable Accessory Conditions is “Noteholder Settlement Option” and one or more of the 
Noteholders has not elected or has not been deemed to have elected to receive the Early Cash 
Redemption Amount: 
(A) 
the Collateral Proceeds; plus 
(B) 
the sum of (A) any Termination Payment in respect of the Swap Agreement that is payable 
to the Issuer (together, if applicable, with any interest payable thereon and any other 
amounts payable by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer under the Swap Agreement), (B) 
any Termination Payment in respect of the Repo Agreement that is payable to the Issuer 
(together, if applicable, with any interest payable thereon and any other amounts payable 
by the Repo Counterparty to the Issuer under the Repo Agreement) and (C) any 
Termination Payment in respect of the SL Agreement that is payable to the Issuer 
(together, if applicable, with any interest payable thereon and any other amounts payable 
by the SL Counterparty to the Issuer under the SL Agreement); minus 
(C) 
the sum of (A) any Termination Payment in respect of the Swap Agreement that is payable 
by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty (together, if applicable, with any interest payable 
thereon and any other amounts payable by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty under the 
Swap Agreement), (B) any Termination Payment in respect of the Repo Agreement that is 
payable by the Issuer to the Repo Counterparty (together, if applicable, with any interest 
payable thereon and any other amounts payable by the Issuer to the Repo Counterparty 
under the Repo Agreement) and (C) any Termination Payment in respect of the SL 
Agreement that is payable by the Issuer to the SL Counterparty (together, if applicable, with 
any interest payable thereon and any other amounts payable by the Issuer to the SL 
Counterparty under the SL Agreement), 
provided that where all or part of such cash sums are not denominated in the Specified Currency, 
such amount (or each such part thereof, as the case may be) shall be converted into the Specified 
Currency at a rate determined by the Disposal Agent to be representative of the spot foreign 
exchange rates prevailing for sale of the relevant non-Specified Currency and purchase of the 
Specified Currency. 
“Early Physical Redemption Amount” means, in respect of an Exercised Note, an amount determined 
by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Physical Redemption Amount; and  
(ii) 
any Non-Physically Deliverable Early Redemption Amount.

--- Page 110 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
110
“Early Redemption Amount” means, for a Series, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent to be 
an amount per Note outstanding on the relevant Early Redemption Date equal to: 
(i) 
in respect of each Note (other than an Exercised Note) then outstanding, the Early Cash 
Redemption Amount; or 
(ii) 
in respect of each Exercised Note then outstanding, the Early Physical Redemption Amount. 
“Early Redemption Date” means, for a Series: 
(i) 
for all purposes other than where an Early Redemption Trigger Date occurs as a result of (A) an 
Original Collateral Call/Put pursuant to Condition 8(e) (Redemption for Original Collateral 
Call/Put), (B) the satisfaction of an Issuer Call Condition pursuant to Condition 8(o) (Redemption 
Following Satisfaction of an Issuer Call Condition), (C) the exercise of a Noteholder Early 
Redemption Option pursuant to Condition 8(p) (Redemption Following Exercise of Noteholder 
Early Redemption Option) or (D) the occurrence of an Issuer Bankruptcy Event pursuant to 
Condition 8(r) (Redemption Following the Occurrence of an Event of Default), the earlier of (I) (a) 
the 15th Reference Business Day (where “Liquidation Period Cut-off” is specified as 10 Reference 
Business Days in the applicable Accessory Conditions) or (b) the 35th Reference Business Day 
(where “Liquidation Period Cut-off” is specified as 30 Reference Business Days in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions) following the relevant Early Redemption Trigger Date for that Series and 
(II) the fifth Reference Business Day following the date on which the Collateral of that Series has 
been Liquidated in full; 
(ii) 
for the purposes of Condition 8(e) (Redemption for Original Collateral Call/Put):  
(A) 
if “Partial Redemption for Original Collateral Call/Put” is specified to be applicable in the 
Accessory Conditions and an Original Collateral Call/Put occurs in respect of some but not 
all of an Original Collateral Asset comprising the Original Collateral of such Series, (I) the 
15th Reference Business Day (where “Liquidation Period Cut-off” is specified as 10 
Reference Business Days in the applicable Accessory Conditions) or (II) the 35th 
Reference Business Day (where “Liquidation Period Cut-off” is specified as 30 Reference 
Business Days in the applicable Accessory Conditions) following the later of the Original 
Collateral Call/Put Early Payment Date for that Series and the Early Redemption Trigger 
Date for that Series (provided that, if the relevant portion of the Original Collateral Asset 
has been redeemed and/or Liquidated on or before the third Reference Business Day prior 
to such date, the Early Redemption Date for that Series shall be the third Reference 
Business Day after the later of (x) the Early Redemption Trigger Date for that Series and (y) 
the date on which all proceeds of such redemption and/or Liquidation of the relevant portion 
of the Original Collateral Asset have been received by or on behalf of the Issuer); or 
(B) 
otherwise, (I) the 15th Reference Business Day (where “Liquidation Period Cut-off” is 
specified as 10 Reference Business Days in the applicable Accessory Conditions) or (II) the 
35th Reference Business Day (where “Liquidation Period Cut-off” is specified as 30 
Reference Business Days in the applicable Accessory Conditions) following the later of the 
Original Collateral Call/Put Early Payment Date for that Series and the Early Redemption 
Trigger Date for that Series (provided that, if all the Collateral of that Series has been 
redeemed and/or Liquidated on or before the third Reference Business Day prior to such 
date, the Early Redemption Date for that Series shall be the third Reference Business Day 
after the later of (x) the Early Redemption Trigger Date for that Series and (y) the date on 
which all proceeds of such redemption and/or Liquidation of Collateral of that Series have 
been received by or on behalf of the Issuer);

--- Page 111 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
111
(iii) 
for the purposes of Condition 8(o) (Redemption Following Satisfaction of an Issuer Call Condition), 
the Issuer Call Redemption Date;  
(iv) 
for the purposes of Condition 8(p) (Redemption Following Exercise of Noteholder Early 
Redemption Option), the date designated as such in the relevant Noteholder Early Redemption 
Option Exercise Notice; and 
(v) 
for the purposes of an Issuer Bankruptcy Event and Condition 8(r) (Redemption Following the 
Occurrence of an Event of Default), the fifth Reference Business Day following the Early 
Redemption Trigger Date for that Series. 
“Early Redemption Notice” means, for a Series, an irrevocable notice from the Issuer to Noteholders of 
that Series in accordance with Condition 22 (Notices) (or, in the case of Condition 8(r) (Redemption 
Following the Occurrence of an Event of Default), from the Trustee to the Issuer) and that specifies that 
the Notes of that Series are to be redeemed pursuant to Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase) or 
Condition 8(s) (Redemption of All Classes Following an Early Redemption Trigger Date or an 
Enforcement Notice in respect of Certain Class(es) of Notes only), as the case may be. An Early 
Redemption Notice given pursuant to Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase) must contain a description 
in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination that the Notes of the relevant Series are to 
be redeemed and (i) in the case of an Early Redemption Notice given by the Issuer, must specify which 
of Conditions 8(c) (Redemption upon Original Collateral Default) to 8(s) (Redemption of All Classes 
Following an Early Redemption Trigger Date or an Enforcement Notice in respect of Certain Class(es) of 
Notes only) are applicable and (ii) in the case of an Early Redemption Notice given by the Trustee, must 
specify which of Conditions 8(r)(i) to (iii) are applicable. A copy of any Early Redemption Notice shall also 
be sent by the Issuer (when sent pursuant to Conditions 8(c) (Redemption upon Original Collateral 
Default) to 8(p) (Redemption Following Exercise of Noteholder Early Redemption Option) or pursuant to 
Conditions 8(s) (Redemption of All Classes Following an Early Redemption Trigger Date or an 
Enforcement Notice in respect of Certain Class(es) of Notes only)) or the Trustee (when sent pursuant to 
Condition 8(r) (Redemption Following the Occurrence of an Event of Default)) to all Transaction Parties 
relating to that Series, save that any failure to give a copy shall not invalidate the relevant Early 
Redemption Notice. 
“Early Redemption Trigger Date” means, for a Series, the date determined as such pursuant to 
Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase). 
“Early Termination Date” means, for a Series: 
(i) 
for the purposes of the Swap Agreement, the date determined as such pursuant to the Swap 
Agreement for that Series; 
(ii) 
for the purposes of the Repo Agreement, the Repurchase Date that is deemed to occur pursuant 
to the occurrence of an Event of Default (as each such term is defined in the Repo Agreement) in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph 10(c) of the GMRA Master Agreement; and 
(iii) 
for the purposes of the SL Agreement, the Termination Date that is designated or deemed to be 
designated pursuant to the occurrence of an Event of Default (as each such term is defined in the 
SL Agreement) in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 11.2 of the SL Agreement for that 
Series. 
“Early Valuation Date” means, for a Series, the third Reference Business Day prior to the Early 
Redemption Date of that Series. 
“Enforcement Event” means, for a Series, the occurrence of one or more of the following events:

--- Page 112 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
112
(i) 
following the occurrence of an Early Redemption Trigger Date in respect of that Series, the Issuer 
fails to pay and/or deliver the Early Redemption Amount in respect of the Notes of that Series on 
the Early Redemption Date of that Series; 
(ii) 
the Issuer fails to pay (A) the Final Redemption Amount in respect of Notes or Class of that Series 
and/or (B) any interest or Instalment Amount that has become due and payable on the Notes or 
Class of that Series on their Maturity Date, and, in each case, has not paid any such amount 
(together with any Default Interest accrued thereon) on or by the Relevant Payment Date; 
(iii) 
following payment in full by the Issuer of any amount that has become due and payable to the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders of that Series (whether before or after the Maturity Date of 
that Series), the Issuer fails to pay any amount due and payable to the Swap Counterparty on the 
relevant due date for payment under the Swap Agreement relating to that Series; 
(iv) 
following payment in full by the Issuer of any amount that has become due and payable to the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders of that Series (whether before or after the Maturity Date of 
that Series), the Issuer fails to pay any amount due and payable to the Repo Counterparty on the 
relevant due date for payment under the Repo Agreement relating to that Series;  
(v) 
following payment in full by the Issuer of any amount that has become due and payable to the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders of that Series (whether before or after the Maturity Date of 
that Series), the Issuer fails to pay any amount due and payable to the SL Counterparty on the 
relevant due date for payment under the SL Agreement relating to that Series; or 
(vi) 
following the occurrence of an Issuer Bankruptcy Event. 
“Enforcement Notice”, for a Series, has the meaning given to it in Condition 14(b) (Enforcement Notice). 
“Equivalent Obligations” means any Obligations that are issued in fungible form and that share 
common terms and conditions. 
“euro” means the lawful currency of those Member States of the European Union that have adopted the 
single currency of the European Union. 
“Euroclear” means Euroclear Bank SA/NV. 
“EUWA” means the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. 
“Event of Default” has, for a Series, the meaning given to it in Condition 8(r) (Redemption Following the 
Occurrence of an Event of Default). 
“Excess Available Deliverable Collateral” means any Remaining Original Collateral left after all Note 
Entitlements and Aggregated Note Entitlements have been allocated out of the Available Deliverable 
Collateral.  
“Excess Available Deliverable Collateral Proceeds” means all cash sums derived from the Liquidation 
of the Excess Available Deliverable Collateral, provided that where all or part of such cash sums are not 
denominated in the Specified Currency, such amount (or each such part thereof, as the case may be) 
shall be converted into the Specified Currency at a rate determined by the Disposal Agent to be 
representative of the spot foreign exchange rates prevailing for sale of the relevant non-Specified 
Currency and purchase of the Specified Currency. 
“Exercised Note” means a Note in respect of which a Noteholder has elected to receive the Early 
Physical Redemption Amount. An Exercised Note may not be withdrawn without the Issuer’s consent. 
“Expected Note Withholding Rate” means, for a Series, the rate specified as such in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions or, if no “Expected Note Withholding Rate” is specified, zero per cent.

--- Page 113 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
113
“Expected Original Collateral Tax Rate” means, for a Series, the rate specified as such in the 
applicable Accessory Conditions or, if no “Expected Original Collateral Tax Rate” is specified, zero per 
cent. 
“Expected Original Collateral Withholding Rate” means, for a Series, the rate specified as such in the 
applicable Accessory Conditions or, if no “Expected Original Collateral Withholding Rate” is specified, 
zero per cent. 
“Extraordinary Resolution” has the meaning given to it in Schedule 1 (Provisions for Meetings of 
Noteholders) to the Trust Deed. 
“FATCA” means:  
(i) 
sections 1471 to 1474 of the Code; 
(ii) 
any similar or successor legislation to sections 1471 to 1474 of the Code; 
(iii) 
any regulations or guidance pursuant to any of the foregoing; 
(iv) 
any official interpretations of any of the foregoing; 
(v) 
any intergovernmental agreement to facilitate the implementation of any of the foregoing (an 
“IGA”); 
(vi) 
any law implementing an IGA; or 
(vii) 
any agreement with the United States or any other jurisdiction or authority pursuant to the 
foregoing. 
“FATCA Amendments”, for a Series, has the meaning given to it in Condition 12(c) (FATCA 
Amendments). 
“FATCA Amendments Certificate”, for a Series, has the meaning given to it in Condition 12(c) (FATCA 
Amendments). 
“FATCA Withholding” means any withholding or deduction imposed pursuant to FATCA. 
“Final Redemption Amount” means, for a Series, an amount per Note of that Series determined by the 
Calculation Agent for that Series equal to the “Specified Final Redemption Amount” specified in the 
applicable Accessory Conditions (or the amount determined in accordance with the formula or method 
for determining such amount specified therein) or, if no “Specified Final Redemption Amount” is 
specified, the principal amount of such Note. 
“Final Terms” means, in relation to any Tranche, any final terms for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation that are issued by the Issuer and which specify the relevant issue details of such Tranche, as 
may be amended and/or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the Conditions and the 
Trust Deed. Where more than one Tranche has been issued in respect of a Series, references to the 
Final Terms of Notes of that Series shall be construed to mean the Final Terms for each Tranche 
collectively, save for where the context specifically requires a reference to Final Terms to be those for a 
particular Tranche only. Where the first Tranche of a Series is issued pursuant to Final Terms, any future 
Tranches shall also be issued using Final Terms. 
“Fitch” means Fitch Ratings Limited. 
“Fixed Rate Note” means each Note the Interest Basis of which is specified in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions to be “Fixed Rate”. 
“Floating Rate Matrix” means the “2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions Floating Rate Matrix” 
published by ISDA, as amended and updated up to the Initial Reference Date.

--- Page 114 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
114
“Floating Rate Matrix Publication Version” means, in respect of each Series, the latest available 
version of the Floating Rate Matrix as at the Initial Reference Date of the first Tranche of such Series, 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions. 
“Floating Rate Note” means each Note the Interest Basis of which is specified in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions to be “Floating Rate”. 
“Following Business Day Convention” means, if any date which is specified to be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Following Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that 
is not a Business Day or a Reference Business Day for the relevant purpose, then such date shall be 
postponed to the next day that is such a Business Day or Reference Business Day. 
“Global Certificate” means a Certificate substantially in the form set out as a “Global Certificate” in the 
Master Forms of Notes, and representing Registered Notes of one or more Tranches of the same Series. 
“Global Note” means a Temporary Global Note and/or, as the context may require, a Permanent Global 
Note. 
“GMRA Master Agreement” means, for a Series, the agreement entered into between the Issuer and 
the Repo Counterparty for such Series by execution of the Issue Deed and which is in the form of a 
Global Master Repurchase Agreement 2011 version together with an annex thereto, on the terms of the 
Master Repo Terms as amended by such Issue Deed. 
“GMSLA Master Agreement” means, for a Series, the agreement entered into between the Issuer and 
the SL Counterparty for such Series by execution of the Issue Deed and which is in the form of a Global 
Master Securities Lending Agreement (January 2010 Version) together with a schedule thereto, on the 
terms of the Master Securities Lending Terms as amended by such Issue Deed. 
“Governmental Authority” means:  
(i) 
any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, ministry or department 
thereof); 
(ii) 
any court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental, inter-governmental or supranational 
body;  
(iii) 
any authority or any other entity (private or public) either designated as a resolution authority or 
charged with the regulation or supervision of the financial markets (including a central bank) of an 
Original Collateral Obligor or some or of all of its obligations; or 
(iv) 
any other authority which is analogous to any of the entities specified in paragraphs (i) to (iii) 
above. 
“holder” means, in relation to a Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon of a Series, means the bearer of any 
such Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon or the person in whose name a Registered Note of that 
Series is registered (as the case may be). 
“Identical Collateral” means, for a Series and Original Collateral of that Series that is in the form of 
securities, shares or any other assets which can be issued in fungible form, any such securities, shares 
or other assets that, immediately prior to the event in question, were part of the same issuance or series 
of fungible issuances of securities, shares or assets, shared common terms and conditions and ranked 
pari passu with such securities, shares or assets. 
An “Illegality Event” shall occur in respect of a Series if, due to the adoption of, or any change in, any 
applicable law after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of such Series, or due to the promulgation of, or 
any change in, the formal or informal interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any applicable law after such date, it becomes unlawful for the Issuer to:

--- Page 115 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
115
(i) 
perform any absolute or contingent obligation to make a payment or delivery in respect of the 
Notes or any agreement entered into in connection with the Notes; 
(ii) 
hold any Collateral or to receive a payment or delivery in respect of any Collateral; or  
(iii) 
comply with any other material provision of any agreement entered into in connection with the 
Notes. 
“Indirect Obligor” means, in respect of a Series where the Original Collateral comprises sukuk, the 
ultimate obligor of the Original Collateral Obligor as specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions.
“Industry Standard Replacement Reference Rate”, for a Series and a Reference Rate, has the 
meaning given to it in the definition of “Replacement Reference Rate”. 
“Ineligible Investor” means a person who is:  
(i) 
a U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act); 
(ii) 
a U.S. person (as defined in the credit risk retention rules issued under Section 15G of the U.S. 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934); or  
(iii) 
not a Non-United States person (as defined in Rule 4.7 under the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act 
of 1936, but excluding for purposes of subsection (D) thereof, the exception to the extent that it 
would apply to persons who are not Non-United States persons). 
“Information Reporting Regime” means:  
(i) 
the common standard on reporting and due diligence for financial account information developed 
by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, bilateral and multilateral 
competent 
authority 
and 
intergovernmental 
agreements, 
and 
treaties 
facilitating 
the 
implementation thereof, and any law implementing any such common standard, competent 
authority agreement, intergovernmental agreement, or treaty (including, to the extent it 
implements or is aligned with such common standard, Council Directive 2011/16/EU on 
administrative cooperation in the field of taxation and any law implementing those aspects of such 
Council Directive); and  
(ii) 
FATCA. 
“Initial Issuer Application Date” has the meaning given to it in the definition of “Issuer Application 
Date”. 
“Initial Reference Date” means, for a Series, the date specified as such in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions. 
“Instalment Amount” means, for a Series and an Instalment Date of that Series, an amount per Note 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the amount specified as such in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions or the amount determined in accordance with the formula or method for determining such 
amount specified therein. 
“Instalment Date” means, for a Series, each date specified as such in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions. 
“Instalment Note” means each Note that provides in the applicable Accessory Conditions for Instalment 
Dates and Instalment Amounts. 
“Instructing Noteholder Proportion” means such proportion of the Original Collateral (the principal 
amount of which shall be rounded down to the nearest whole unit (e.g. one euro or one pound sterling) of 
the currency in which the Original Collateral is denominated) as equals the proportion which such 
Instructing Noteholder’s holding of Notes bears to the total principal amount outstanding of the Notes of

--- Page 116 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
116
all Instructing Noteholders as calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the date of the Original Collateral 
Substitution Notice. 
“Instructing Noteholders” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(c)(i). 
“Instructing Noteholder Undeliverable Percentage” means, in respect of an Instructing Noteholder, 
the Undeliverable Original Collateral Amount in respect of that Instructing Noteholder divided by the 
Aggregate Undeliverable Original Collateral Amount. 
“interest”, in the context of amounts payable in respect of the Notes of a Series, shall be deemed to 
include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 7 (Interest). 
“Interest Amount” means, for a Series: 
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Period of that Series, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount for that Interest Period; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that 
period. 
“Interest Basis”, for a Series, is as specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means, for a Series, the Issue Date of the first Tranche of such Series 
or such other date as may be specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Period for a Series, 
the date specified as such in the applicable Accessory Conditions or, if none is so specified, the day 
falling two Business Days in London and the jurisdiction of the Specified Currency (which shall be 
TARGET in the case of euro) prior to the last day of such Interest Period, in each case subject to any 
applicable adjustment provisions provided for within the Conditions. 
“Interest Payment Date” means, for a Series, each date specified as an Interest Payment Date in the 
applicable Accessory Conditions, except that:  
(i) 
each Interest Payment Date shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with the Following 
Business Day Convention unless another Business Day Convention is specified to be applicable 
to Interest Payment Dates for that Series; and 
(ii) 
in respect of each Interest Payment Date falling at the end of an Interest Period, if “ISDA Rate: 
2006 ISDA Definitions” or “ISDA Rate: 2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified as the “Manner in which 
the Rate(s) of Interest is/are determined” and “Delayed Payment” is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Accessory Conditions, such Interest Payment Date shall be delayed to the date that is 
the number of Delayed Interest Payment Days falling after such Interest Payment Date, provided 
that the Interest Payment Date with respect to the final Interest Period will be no later than the 
Maturity Date or such other date for redemption of the relevant Notes. 
“Interest Period” means, in respect of a Series, the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date of that Series and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period End Date of 
that Series and each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period End Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period End Date of that Series. 
“Interest Period End Date” means, for a Series:  
(i) 
each date specified as an Interest Payment Date in the applicable Accessory Conditions (ignoring 
for this purpose any adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention) unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions, except that each Interest Period End Date shall 
be subject to adjustment in accordance with the Modified Following Business Day Convention 
unless (A) another Business Day Convention is specified to be applicable to Interest Period End

--- Page 117 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
117
Dates for that Series, in which case an adjustment will be made in accordance with that specified 
Business Day Convention or (B) “No Adjustment” is specified in connection with Interest Period 
End Dates for that Series, in which case no adjustment will be made, notwithstanding that the 
Interest Period End Date occurs on a day that is not a relevant Business Day for such purpose;  
(ii) 
in respect of Instalment Notes and where an Instalment Date is not an Interest Payment Date, 
such Instalment Date; and  
(iii) 
where “Issuer Call” is specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions and the relevant Issuer Call 
Condition has been satisfied, the Issuer Call Period End Date shall be the final Interest Period End 
Date. 
“Irish Board” means the board of directors of the Irish Issuer. 
“Irish Issuer” means Premium Green PLC. 
“ISDA” means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
“ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions” means the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, as 
published by ISDA. 
“ISDA Definitions” means:  
(i) 
if “ISDA Rate: 2006 ISDA Definitions” is specified as the “Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are determined”, the 2006 ISDA Definitions; or 
(ii) 
if “ISDA Rate: 2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified as the “Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are determined”, the 2021 ISDA Definitions Publication Version of the 2021 ISDA Definitions 
(and for which purpose the relevant Floating Rate Matrix shall be the Floating Rate Matrix 
Publication Version),  
and, in respect of each Series, as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the Initial 
Reference Date of the first Tranche of such Series, unless the Notes are issued by way of Pricing Terms 
specifying otherwise, in which case as otherwise specified in the applicable Pricing Terms.  
“ISDA Master Agreement” means, for a Series, the agreement entered into between the Issuer and the 
Swap Counterparty for such Series by execution of the Issue Deed and which is in the form of an ISDA 
2002 Master Agreement together with a schedule thereto and which, if so specified in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions, shall include a credit support annex to the ISDA Schedule in the form of the ISDA 
2016 Credit Support Annex for Variation Margin (VM) (Bilateral Form - Transfer) (ISDA Agreements 
Subject to English Law) Copyright © 2016 by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
(the “Credit Support Annex”), in each case on the terms of the Master Swap Terms as amended by 
such Issue Deed. 
“ISDA Rate” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(b)(iii) (ISDA Rate: 2006 ISDA Definitions) or 
Condition 7(b)(iv) (ISDA Rate: 2021 ISDA Definitions), as applicable. 
“Issue Date” means, in relation to each Tranche, the date on which the Notes of that Tranche have been 
issued or, if not yet issued, the date agreed for their issue between the Issuer and the Dealer for such 
Tranche. 
“Issue Deed” means, in respect of a Tranche, the issue deed entered into by the Issuer and the 
Transaction Parties in respect of that Tranche. Where more than one Tranche has been issued in 
respect of a Series, references to the Issue Deed of that Series shall be construed to mean the Issue 
Deed for each Tranche collectively, save for where the context specifically requires a reference to the 
Issue Deed to be that for a particular Tranche only.

--- Page 118 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
118
“Issuer” means the Jersey Issuer or the Irish Issuer and which, in respect of a Series, shall be as 
specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions. 
“Issuer Application Date” means, for a Series, each of: 
(i) 
the Early Redemption Date or (if the Liquidation Event was a Maturity Date Liquidation Event) the 
Relevant Payment Date, as applicable, of that Series or, if (x) (I) where no Early Physical 
Redemption Amount is payable in respect of that Series, the Collateral of such Series has not 
been Liquidated in full or (II) where an Early Physical Redemption Amount is payable in respect of 
that Series, all Collateral of such Series required to be Liquidated has not been Liquidated in full, 
(y) an Early Termination Date has not been designated, deemed to be designated or occurred in 
respect of the Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement and/or the SL Agreement (z) the 
Termination Payment has not been determined in respect of the Swap Agreement, the Repo 
Agreement and/or the SL Agreement, in each case by such date, the later of: 
(A) 
the date falling three Reference Business Days after all the Collateral of that Series has 
been Liquidated in full (or, where an Early Physical Redemption Amount is payable, all 
Collateral of that Series required to be Liquidated has been Liquidated in full) and the 
corresponding cash proceeds have been received by or on behalf of the Issuer; and 
(B) 
the third Reference Business Day after the earliest date on which (I) an Early Termination 
Date has been designated, deemed to be designated or occurred in respect of the Swap 
Agreement relating to such Series and the Termination Payment has been determined in 
respect of such Swap Agreement, (II) an Early Termination Date has been designated, 
deemed to be designated or occurred in respect of the Repo Agreement relating to such 
Series and the Termination Payment has been determined in respect of such Repo 
Agreement and (III) an Early Termination Date has been designated, deemed to be 
designated or occurred in respect of the SL Agreement relating to such Series and the 
Termination Payment has been determined in respect of such SL Agreement, 
(such date, the “Initial Issuer Application Date”); and 
(ii) 
in respect of each sum received by the Issuer from the Mortgaged Property of that Series that has 
not already been applied on the Initial Issuer Application Date of that Series, the date falling three 
Reference Business Days following receipt by the Issuer of such sum. 
“Issuer Bankruptcy Event” means, for a Series, the Issuer: 
(i) 
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger on terms previously 
approved in writing by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution); 
(ii) 
save to the extent contemplated in the Trust Deed for that Series, makes a general assignment, 
arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the benefit of the Noteholders, or such a general 
assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition becomes effective; 
(iii) 
institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with 
insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it, a proceeding seeking a judgment of 
insolvency or bankruptcy or any other similar relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or 
other law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation 
(including, without limitation, any bankruptcy, examinership, insolvency, voluntary, forced or 
judicial liquidation, composition with creditors, reprieve from payment, controlled management, 
general settlement with creditors or reorganisation proceedings or similar proceedings affecting 
the rights of creditors generally) by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official; 
(iv) 
has instituted against it, by a person or entity not described in paragraph (iii) above, a proceeding 
seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other similar relief under any bankruptcy or

--- Page 119 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
119
insolvency law or other law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up 
or liquidation (including, without limitation, any bankruptcy, examinership, insolvency, voluntary, 
forced or judicial liquidation, composition with creditors, reprieve from payment, controlled 
management, general settlement with creditors or reorganisation proceedings or similar 
proceedings affecting the rights of creditors generally), and such proceeding or petition (A) results 
in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an 
order for its winding-up or liquidation, or (B) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in 
each case within 30 days of the institution or presentation thereof; 
(v) 
in respect of the Jersey Issuer, becomes “bankrupt” as such term defined in Article 8 of the 
Interpretation (Jersey) Law 1954; 
(vi) 
in respect of the Irish Issuer, it is not able to pay its debts within the meaning of Sections 509(3) or 
570 of the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland (as amended); 
(vii) 
has a resolution passed for its winding-up or liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger on terms previously approved in writing by the Trustee or by an 
Extraordinary Resolution); 
(viii) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, examiner, 
conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official (including, without limitation, any 
receiver, liquidator, auditor, verifier, provisional administrator or any application made or petition 
lodged or documents filed with the court or administrator in relation to the Issuer) for it or for any 
assets on which the liabilities of the Issuer under the relevant Notes are secured pursuant to the 
Trust Deed for that Series; 
(ix) 
other than the Trustee for that Series (except in circumstances where the Trustee is enforcing the 
Security pursuant to the Trust Deed) or the Custodian for that Series, has a secured party take 
possession of any assets on which the liabilities of the Issuer under the relevant Notes are 
secured pursuant to the Trust Deed for that Series or has a distress, execution, attachment, 
sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against any assets on which 
the liabilities of the Issuer under the relevant Notes are secured pursuant to the Trust Deed for 
that Series and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, 
discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within 30 days thereafter; or  
(x) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any 
jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (i) to (ix) above. 
For the avoidance of doubt, references in paragraph (viii) above to (A) a “trustee” shall not include the 
Trustee carrying out its day-to-day duties in respect of the relevant Notes, (but shall, however, include 
circumstances where the Trustee is enforcing the Security pursuant to the Trust Deed in respect thereof) 
or (B) a “custodian” shall not include the Custodian carrying out its day-to-day duties in respect of the 
relevant Notes.  
“Issuer Call Condition” means, in accordance with the terms of the Swap Agreement for a Series where 
“Issuer Call” is specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions, the occurrence of one of the following:  
(i) 
an Autocall Termination Trigger (as defined in the Swap Agreement); 
(ii) 
an Optional Termination Trigger (as defined in the Swap Agreement); or 
(iii) 
any other event specified as such in the applicable Accessory Conditions. 
“Issuer Call Period End Date” means, for a Series, the date specified as such in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions.

--- Page 120 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
120
“Issuer Call Redemption Amount” means, for a Series, the amount specified as such in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions. 
“Issuer Call Redemption Date” means, for a Series, the date specified as such in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions. 
“Issuer Call Settlement Date” means, for a Series, the date specified as such in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions. 
“Issuing and Paying Agent” means HSBC Bank plc or otherwise the person specified as such in the 
applicable Accessory Conditions or any Successor thereto, in each case at its Specified Office. 
“Issuing and Paying Agent Bankruptcy Event” means, for a Series:  
(i) 
a Bankruptcy Event occurs with respect to the Issuing and Paying Agent for that Series; or  
(ii) 
a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that a Bankruptcy Credit Event has 
occurred in respect of the Issuing and Paying Agent, or any analogous determination has been 
made by a committee or person under any definitions that replace the ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions as the market standard terms for credit derivatives or under any amendment of or 
supplement to the ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions. 
“Japanese Pledge Agreement” means, for a Series, the Japanese pledge agreement for that Series 
created either:  
(i) 
as a standalone agreement; or 
(ii) 
by entry into of the Issue Deed for the first Tranche of that Series, on the terms of the Master 
Japanese Pledge Terms as amended by such Issue Deed. 
“Jersey Board” means the board of directors of the Jersey Issuer. 
“Jersey Issuer” means Mintaka Limited. 
“Korean Pledge Agreement” means, for a Series, the Korean pledge agreement for that Series created 
either:  
(i) 
as a standalone agreement; or 
(ii) 
by entry into of the Issue Deed for the first Tranche of that Series, on the terms of the Master 
Korean Pledge Terms as amended by such Issue Deed. 
“Liquidation” means, in respect of any Collateral of a Series, the realisation of such Collateral for cash 
proceeds whether by way of sale, early redemption, early repayment or agreed termination or by such 
other means as the Disposal Agent for that Series determines appropriate or with respect to Notes 
issued by way of Pricing Terms, in any other manner specified in the applicable Pricing Terms and 
“Liquidate”, “Liquidated” and “Liquidating” shall be construed accordingly (and, for the avoidance of 
doubt, references to “cash proceeds” for such purpose shall include any cash already available to the 
Issuer for such Series whether derived from the Collateral or otherwise). 
“Liquidation Commencement Date” means the later of:  
(i) 
the day on which the Disposal Agent receives a Liquidation Commencement Notice; and  
(ii) 
if “Noteholder Settlement Option” is specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions, the 
Settlement Option Cut-off Date. 
“Liquidation Commencement Notice” means, for a Series, a notice from the Issuer or the Trustee (as 
the case may be) in writing of the occurrence of a Liquidation Event. Any Early Redemption Notice given 
or copied to each of the Transaction Parties for that Series by the Issuer or the Trustee for that Series, as

--- Page 121 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
121
the case be, shall constitute a Liquidation Commencement Notice (other than, for the avoidance of 
doubt, an Early Redemption Notice given in respect of the occurrence of an Issuer Bankruptcy Event). 
“Liquidation Event” means, for a Series: 
(i) 
the occurrence of an Early Redemption Trigger Date in respect of that Series (other than in 
respect of the occurrence of an Issuer Bankruptcy Event or the satisfaction of an Issuer Call 
Condition where “Issuer Call Settlement – Delivery to Swap Counterparty” is specified in the 
applicable Accessory Conditions); or 
(ii) 
the Issuer fails to pay (A) the Final Redemption Amount in respect of the Notes of that Series 
and/or (B) any interest or Instalment Amount that has become due and payable on the Notes of 
that Series on their Maturity Date (a “Maturity Date Liquidation Event”). 
“Liquidation Expenses” means (i) any taxes and (ii) any reasonable transaction fees or commissions 
applicable to such Liquidation, including any brokerage or exchange commissions, provided that such 
transaction fees or commissions are limited to and no higher than those that would necessarily and 
routinely be charged by the third party market participant to whom such fees or commissions are payable 
for a sale transaction of that type to third parties on an arm’s length basis. Save for such reasonable 
transaction fees or commissions, Liquidation Expenses shall not include any fee charged by, or any other 
amounts owed to, the Disposal Agent for the performance of its duties specified in, or incidental to, the 
Conditions (the “Disposal Agent Fees”). Such Disposal Agent Fees shall be paid to the Disposal Agent 
in accordance with Condition 15 (Application of Available Proceeds). 
“Liquidation Period” means, for a Series, the period from (and including) the Early Redemption Trigger 
Date or the Maturity Date (as applicable) to (and including) the 10th Reference Business Day (where 
“Liquidation Period Cut-off” is specified as 10 Reference Business Days in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions) or 30th Reference Business Day (where “Liquidation Period Cut-off” is specified as 30 
Reference Business Days in the applicable Accessory Conditions) following the Early Redemption 
Trigger Date or Maturity Date (as applicable), provided that if such Early Redemption Trigger Date has 
occurred as a result of (A) the satisfaction of an Issuer Call Condition, the Liquidation Period shall not 
extend beyond the Issuer Call Settlement Date or (B) the delivery of a valid Noteholder Early 
Redemption Option Exercise Notice, the Liquidation Period shall be the period from and (including) the 
Early Redemption Trigger Date to (and including) the day falling three Reference Business Days prior to 
the designated Early Redemption Date. 
“Master Agency Terms” means the Master Agency Terms identified as a Master Terms Document in 
the Programme Deed as may be amended, in respect of a particular Series, by the Issue Deed for the 
first Tranche of such Series. 
“Master Collateral Sale Terms” means the Master Collateral Sale Terms identified as a Master Terms 
Document in the Programme Deed as may be amended, in respect of a particular Tranche of a Series, 
by the Issue Deed for such Tranche of such Series. 
“Master Conditions” means the Master Conditions identified as a Master Terms Document in the 
Programme Deed as may be amended, in respect of a particular Series, by the Issue Deed for the first 
Tranche of such Series. 
“Master Custody Terms” means the Master Custody Terms identified as a Master Terms Document in 
the Programme Deed as may be amended, in respect of a particular Series, by the Issue Deed for the 
first Tranche of such Series. 
“Master Dealer Terms” means the Master Dealer Terms identified as a Master Terms Document in the 
Programme Deed as may be amended, in respect of a particular Tranche of a Series, by the Issue Deed 
for such Tranche of such Series.

--- Page 122 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
122
“Master Definitions” means the Master Definitions identified as a Master Terms Document in the 
Programme Deed as may be amended, in respect of a particular Series, by the Issue Deed for the first 
Tranche of such Series. 
“Master Forms of Notes” means the Master Forms of Notes identified as a Master Terms Document in 
the Programme Deed as may be amended, in respect of a particular Series, by the Issue Deed for the 
first Tranche of such Series. 
“Master Japanese Pledge Terms” means the Master Japanese Pledge Terms identified as a Master 
Terms Document in the Programme Deed as may be amended, in respect of a particular Series, by the 
Issue Deed for the first Tranche of such Series. 
“Master Korean Pledge Terms” means the Master Korean Pledge Terms identified as a Master Terms 
Document in the Programme Deed as may be amended, in respect of a particular Series, by the Issue 
Deed for the first Tranche of such Series.  
“Master Repo Terms” means the Master Repo Terms identified as a Master Terms Document in the 
Programme Deed as may be amended, in respect of a particular Series, by the Issue Deed for the first 
Tranche of such Series. 
“Master Securities Lending Terms” means the Master Securities Lending Terms identified as a Master 
Terms Document in the Programme Deed as may be amended, in respect of a particular Series, by the 
Issue Deed for the first Tranche of such Series. 
“Master Swap Terms” means the Master Swap Terms identified as a Master Terms Document in the 
Programme Deed as may be amended, in respect of a particular Series, by the Issue Deed for the first 
Tranche of such Series. 
“Master Terms Documents” means the Master Agency Terms, Master Collateral Sale Terms, Master 
Conditions, Master Custody Terms, Master Dealer Terms, Master Definitions, Master Forms of Notes, 
Master Japanese Pledge Terms, Master Korean Pledge Terms, Master Repo Terms, Master Swap 
Terms, Master Securities Lending Terms and Master Trust Terms specified in the Programme Deed or, 
in respect of a particular Series, such amended or additional documents as may be specified as Master 
Terms Documents in the Issue Deed for the first Tranche of such Series. 
“Master Trust Terms” means the Master Trust Terms identified as a Master Terms Document in the 
Programme Deed as may be amended, in respect of a particular Series, by the Issue Deed for the first 
Tranche of such Series. 
“Material Change Event”, for a Series and a Reference Rate, has the meaning given to it in the 
definition of “Reference Rate Event”. 
If, for a Series and a Reference Rate, (i) an event or circumstance which would otherwise constitute or 
give rise to a Material Change Event also constitutes a Reference Rate Cessation or (ii) a Reference 
Rate Cessation and a Material Change Event would otherwise be continuing at the same time, it will in 
either case constitute a Reference Rate Cessation and will not constitute or give rise to a Material 
Change Event provided that, if the date that would otherwise have been the Material Change Event Date 
would have occurred before the Reference Rate is no longer available or becomes non-representative, 
Condition 9(e) (Interim Measures) shall apply as if a Material Change Event had occurred. 
“Material Change Event Date”, for a Series and a Reference Rate, has the meaning given to it in the 
definition of “Reference Rate Event”. 
“Maturity Cut-off Date” means, for a Series, the date determined as provided in Condition 15(f) (Swap 
Counterparty, Repo Counterparty or SL Counterparty Failure to Pay after Maturity).

--- Page 123 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
123
“Maturity Date” means, for a Series, the date specified as such in the applicable Accessory Conditions, 
except that the Maturity Date shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with the Following Business 
Day Convention unless another Business Day Convention is specified to be applicable to the Maturity 
Date. 
“Maturity Date Liquidation Event” has the meaning given to it in paragraph (ii) of the definition of 
“Liquidation Event”. 
“Modified Following Business Day Convention” means, if any date which is specified to be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Modified Following Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on 
a day that is not a Business Day or a Reference Business Day for the relevant purpose, then such date 
shall be postponed to the next day that is such a Business Day or Reference Business Day unless it 
would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding such Business Day or Reference Business Day. 
“Moody’s” means Moody’s Investors Service Ltd. 
“Mortgaged Property” means, for a Series: 
(i) 
the Collateral of that Series and all property, assets and sums derived therefrom; 
(ii) 
all cash (if any) held by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of that Series; 
(iii) 
the rights and interest of the Issuer in and under the Swap Agreement relating to such Series and 
the rights, title and interest of the Issuer in all property, assets and sums derived from such Swap 
Agreement; 
(iv) 
the rights and interest of the Issuer in and under the Repo Agreement relating to such Series and 
the rights, title and interest of the Issuer in all property, assets and sums derived from such Repo 
Agreement; 
(v) 
the rights and interest of the Issuer in and under the SL Agreement relating to such Series and the 
rights, title and interest of the Issuer in all property, assets and sums derived from such SL 
Agreement; 
(vi) 
the rights and interest of the Issuer in and under the Agency Agreement relating to such Series, 
any other agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Disposal Agent in relation to such 
Series and the Custody Agreement relating to such Series and the rights, title and interest of the 
Issuer in all property, assets and sums derived from such agreements; and 
(vii) 
the rights, title and interest of the Issuer in any other assets, property, income, rights and/or 
agreements of the Issuer from time to time charged or assigned or otherwise made subject to the 
security created in relation to that Series by the Issuer in favour of the Trustee for that Series 
pursuant to the Security Documents, as the case may be, 
in each case, securing the Secured Payment Obligations and includes, where the context permits, any 
part of that Mortgaged Property. 
“Negative Interest” means, if an interest rate is a negative value, the debiting of funds from an account 
as a result of the application of such negative interest rate. 
“Net Margin Return Amount” has the meaning given to it in Conditions 15(a)(i)(B) or 15(b)(i)(B), as 
applicable. 
“New Original Collateral” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(c)(i). 
“Non-Physically Deliverable Collateral” means the aggregate of all Non-Physically Deliverable 
Collateral Components (which may be one only) in respect of the Remaining Original Collateral.

--- Page 124 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
124
“Non-Physically Deliverable Collateral Component” means, in respect of a Series of Notes, for each 
type of Original Collateral comprising the Remaining Original Collateral (each, a “Component 
Collateral”), an aggregate nominal amount of such Component Collateral equal to the product of:  
(i) 
the aggregate nominal amount of all such Component Collateral; and  
(ii) 
the aggregate nominal amount of the Exercised Notes outstanding in respect of which a Non-
Physically Deliverable Early Redemption Amount is payable (if any) divided by the aggregate 
nominal amount of all Notes outstanding,  
with the resulting product of (i) and (ii) being rounded up to the nearest tradable unit of such Component 
Collateral, all as determined by the Calculation Agent (the aggregate nominal amount of any such 
rounding up in respect of the relevant Component Collateral, being the “Non-Physical Rounding 
Component”). 
“Non-Physically Deliverable Collateral Proceeds” means, in respect of a Series of Notes, all cash 
sums derived from the Liquidation of the Non-Physically Deliverable Collateral, provided that where all or 
part of such cash sums are not denominated in the Specified Currency, such amount (or each such part 
thereof, as the case may be) shall be converted into the Specified Currency at a rate determined by the 
Disposal Agent to be representative of the spot foreign exchange rates prevailing for sale of the relevant 
non-Specified Currency and purchase of the Specified Currency. 
“Non-Physically Deliverable Early Redemption Amount” means, in respect of an Exercised Note, an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent to be an amount per Exercised Note (if any) equal to:  
(i) 
that Exercised Note’s pro rata share (amongst only Exercised Notes, being those in respect of 
which an Early Physical Redemption Amount is payable (if any)) of the Cash Redemption Portion; 
and  
(ii) 
an amount of cash equal to such Exercised Note’s pro rata share (amongst all Notes outstanding 
on the relevant Early Redemption Date) of: 
(A) 
the Specified Currency Proceeds; minus 
(B) 
the Non-Physically Deliverable Collateral Proceeds; minus 
(C) 
the Excess Available Deliverable Collateral Proceeds; plus  
(D) 
the sum of (I) any Termination Payment in respect of the Swap Agreement that is payable 
to the Issuer (together, if applicable, with any interest payable thereon and any other 
amounts payable by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer under the Swap Agreement), (II) 
any Termination Payment in respect of the Repo Agreement that is payable to the Issuer 
(together, if applicable, with any interest payable thereon and any other amounts payable 
by the Repo Counterparty to the Issuer under the Repo Agreement) and (III) any 
Termination Payment in respect of the SL Agreement that is payable to the Issuer 
(together, if applicable, with any interest payable thereon and any other amounts payable 
by the SL Counterparty to the Issuer under the SL Agreement); minus 
(E) 
the sum (I) any Termination Payment in respect of the Swap Agreement that is payable by 
the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty (together, if applicable, with any interest payable 
thereon and any other amounts payable by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty under the 
Swap Agreement), (II) any Termination Payment in respect of the Repo Agreement that is 
payable by the Issuer to the Repo Counterparty (together, if applicable, with any interest 
payable thereon and any other amounts payable by the Issuer to the Repo Counterparty 
under the Repo Agreement) and (III) any Termination Payment in respect of the SL 
Agreement that is payable by the Issuer to the SL Counterparty (together, if applicable, with

--- Page 125 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
125
any interest payable thereon and any other amounts payable by the Issuer to the SL 
Counterparty under the SL Agreement). 
“Non-Physical Rounding Component” has the meaning given to it in the definition of “Non-Physically 
Deliverable Collateral Component”. 
“Note Entitlement” has the meaning given to it in the definition of “Physical Redemption Amount”. 
“Note Tax Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(i). 
“Noteholder” means, for a Series, the bearer of any Bearer Note relating to Notes of that Series and the 
Receipts relating to it or the person in whose name a Registered Note of that Series is registered (as the 
case may be). 
“Noteholder Early Redemption Option Exercise Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(p) 
(Redemption Following Exercise of Noteholder Early Redemption Option). 
“Noteholder Early Redemption Option Period” means, for a Series, the period beginning on (and 
including) the Issue Date and ending on (but excluding) the 25th Reference Business Day prior to the 
Maturity Date or as otherwise specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions, provided that if the period 
specified ends later than the 25th Reference Business Day prior to the Maturity Date, the end of the 
Noteholder Early Redemption Option Period shall be deemed to be the 25th Reference Business Day 
prior to the Maturity Date. 
“Notes” means secured notes issued by the Issuer under the Programme, constituted by a Trust Deed 
for such secured notes and for the time being outstanding, or, as the context may require, a specific 
number, Series or Tranche of them.  
“Obligation” means any obligation of the Issuer for the payment or repayment of borrowed money, which 
shall include, without limitation, any Note and any other obligation that is in the form of, or represented 
by, a bond, note, certificate, warrant or other debt security and any obligation that is documented by a 
loan agreement or other credit agreement. 
“Original Collateral” means, for a Series, the Issuer’s rights, title and/or interests in and to any of the 
following: 
(i) 
if “Applicable – Reverse Repo” is specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions, there shall be 
no Original Collateral; or 
(ii) 
in all other cases, assets or property specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions as forming 
part of the Original Collateral for that Series and representing obligations of one or more persons. 
For the avoidance of doubt: 
(A) 
Original Collateral for a Series shall include the rights, title and/or interests in and to:  
(I) 
in respect of securities, all principal, interest and other payments and distributions of cash 
or other property due in respect of such securities; 
(II) 
any further Original Collateral acquired by the Issuer in connection with any further issue of 
notes that are to be consolidated and form a single series with the Notes of that Series; 
(III) 
any Original Collateral acquired by the Issuer by way of substitution or replacement of any 
Original Collateral previously held by it for that Series; and 
(IV) 
any asset or property (which may, for the avoidance of doubt, include the benefit of 
contractual rights) into which any of the Original Collateral for that Series is converted or 
exchanged or that is issued to the Issuer (or any relevant person holding such Original 
Collateral for or on behalf of the Issuer) by virtue of its holding thereof;

--- Page 126 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
126
(B) 
Original Collateral for a Series shall not include any Swap Counterparty CSA Posted Collateral or 
any other securities, cash or other assets or property transferred or delivered to the Issuer 
pursuant to the Credit Support Annex;  
(C) 
Original Collateral for a Series shall not include any Repo Posted Collateral or any other 
securities, cash or other assets or property transferred or delivered to the Issuer pursuant to the 
Repo Agreement;  
(D) 
Original Collateral for a Series shall not include any SL Posted Collateral or any other securities, 
cash or other assets or property transferred or delivered to the Issuer pursuant to the SL 
Agreement; and  
(E) 
Original Collateral for a Series shall include any Original Collateral that the Issuer may have sold, 
posted or otherwise disposed of under the terms of the Credit Support Annex, the Repo 
Agreement and/or the SL Agreement. To the extent that equivalent collateral has subsequently 
been transferred or delivered by the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty or the SL 
Counterparty to the Issuer pursuant to the Credit Support Annex, the Repo Agreement and/or the 
SL Agreement, the Original Collateral for a Series shall include such equivalent collateral and 
shall not include the Original Collateral originally transferred. 
“Original Collateral Asset” means, for a Series, each asset comprising the Original Collateral. 
“Original Collateral Call/Put” means, for a Series, that notice is given (i) that any of the Original 
Collateral of such Series is called for redemption or repayment (whether in whole or in part) or (ii) of any 
unscheduled redemption or repayment in respect of the Original Collateral, including following the 
exercise of a put option (whether in whole or in part), in each case prior to its scheduled maturity date, 
other than a notice in respect of any scheduled amortisation of the Original Collateral. 
“Original Collateral Call/Put Early Payment Date” means, following the occurrence of an Original 
Collateral Call/Put relating to the Original Collateral of a Series, the day on which the Original Collateral 
that is the subject of that Original Collateral Call/Put is scheduled to redeem or repay early (and if any 
securities, loans, deposits, shares, partnership interests, units in unit trusts or any other assets forming 
part of the Original Collateral are scheduled to redeem or repay early on two or more days, the Original 
Collateral Call/Put Early Payment Date shall be the last of such days to occur in time). 
“Original Collateral Default” means, for a Series, any of the following events: 
(i) 
in respect of the Original Collateral for such Series or one or more Original Collateral Obligor 
Obligations of any Original Collateral Obligor for such Series: 
(A) 
an Original Collateral Obligor Failure to Pay; 
(B) 
an Original Collateral Obligor Default; 
(C) 
an Original Collateral Obligor Repudiation/Moratorium; 
(D) 
an Original Collateral Obligor Restructuring; 
(E) 
an Original Collateral Obligor Governmental Intervention; and 
(F) 
an Original Collateral Obligor Conversion; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any Original Collateral Obligor for that Series, an Original Collateral Obligor 
Bankruptcy. 
An Original Collateral Default will occur whether or not the event giving rise to the Original Collateral 
Default arises directly or indirectly from, or is subject to a defence based upon (a) any lack or alleged 
lack of authority or capacity of the Original Collateral Obligor to enter into any Original Collateral Obligor

--- Page 127 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
127
Obligation or, as applicable, an Underlying Obligor to enter into any Underlying Obligation, (b) any actual 
or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect to any Original Collateral 
Obligor Obligation or, as applicable, any Underlying Obligation, however described, (c) any applicable 
law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the promulgation of, or any change in, the 
interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or similar administrative or judicial body with 
competent or apparent jurisdiction of any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however 
described, or (d) the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any 
other similar restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority, however described. 
“Original Collateral Default Suspension Period” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(t) 
(Suspension of Payments and Calculations). 
“Original Collateral Disruption Event” means, for a Series, any Original Collateral Reference Rate is 
adjusted or replaced following the occurrence of an event in respect of such Original Collateral 
Reference Rate, whether in accordance with the terms of the Original Collateral or otherwise, the 
definition or description of which event either: 
(i) 
includes a reference to concepts defined or otherwise described as an “index cessation event”, an 
“administrator/benchmark event” or a “representative statement event” (in each case regardless of 
the contents of that definition or description); or 
(ii) 
is analogous or substantially similar to the definitions of “Reference Rate Cessation”, 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event”, “Risk-Free Rate Event”, “Representative Statement Event” 
and/or “Material Change Event”. 
“Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendment Notice”, for a Series, has the meaning given to it in 
Condition 9(i)(i)(B). 
“Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments”, for a Series, has the meaning given to it in 
Condition 9(i)(i)(B). 
“Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments Certificate”, for a Series, has the meaning given 
to it in Condition 9(i)(ii)(C). 
“Original Collateral Disruption Event Losses/Gains” means an amount, determined by the Calculation 
Agent, equal to (without duplication): 
(i) 
an amount equal to: 
(A) 
the amounts scheduled to be paid by the Original Collateral Obligor pursuant to the terms 
of the Original Collateral following the occurrence of an Original Collateral Disruption Event 
and the application of any relevant fallbacks; minus 
(B) 
the amounts scheduled to be paid by the Original Collateral Obligor pursuant to the terms 
of the Original Collateral on the Original Collateral Obligor Reference Date; minus 
(ii) 
an amount equal to: 
(A) 
the amounts scheduled to be paid by the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty 
and/or the SL Counterparty pursuant to the terms of any transactions in place to hedge the 
Swap Counterparty’s obligations under the Swap Transactions under the Swap Agreement 
and/or the Repo Counterparty’s obligations under the Repo Transactions under the Repo 
Agreement and/or the SL Counterparty’s obligations under the SL Transactions under the 
SL Agreement (as applicable) following the occurrence of an Original Collateral Disruption 
Event and the application of any relevant fallbacks; minus

--- Page 128 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
128
(B) 
the amounts scheduled to be paid by the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty 
and/or the SL Counterparty pursuant to the terms of such hedge transactions on the date 
immediately preceding the date on which the Original Collateral Disruption Event occurred; 
minus 
(iii) 
any losses, expenses and costs that have been or that will be incurred by the Swap Counterparty, 
the Repo Counterparty and/or the SL Counterparty as a result of entering into, maintaining and/or 
unwinding any transactions to hedge the Swap Counterparty’s obligations under the Swap 
Transactions under the Swap Agreement and/or the Repo Counterparty’s obligations under the 
Repo Transactions under the Repo Agreement and/or the SL Counterparty’s obligations under the 
SL Transactions under the SL Agreement (as applicable), in each case to remove any difference 
between the cash flows under the Original Collateral and such hedge transactions which have 
resulted following the occurrence of an Original Collateral Disruption Event. 
“Original Collateral Disruption Event No Action Notice”, for a Series, has the meaning given to it in 
Condition 9(i)(i)(A). 
“Original Collateral Disruption Event Redemption Notice”, for a Series, has the meaning given to it in 
Condition 9(i)(i)(A). 
“Original Collateral Obligor” means, for a Series, any person that has an obligation or duty to the Issuer 
(or any relevant person holding the Original Collateral for such Series for or on behalf of the Issuer) in 
respect of the Original Collateral for that Series pursuant to the terms of such Original Collateral. 
“Original Collateral Obligor Bankruptcy” means, for a Series:  
(i) 
a Bankruptcy Event occurs with respect to an Original Collateral Obligor or any Indirect Obligor of 
the Original Collateral; or 
(ii) 
a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that a Bankruptcy Credit Event has 
occurred in respect of an Original Collateral Obligor or any Indirect Obligor of the Original 
Collateral, or any analogous determination has been made by a committee or person under any 
definitions that replace the ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions as the market standard terms for 
credit derivatives or under any amendment of or supplement to the ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions. 
“Original Collateral Obligor Conversion” means, for a Series: 
(i) 
the conversion of the Original Collateral for that Series into any other financial instrument upon the 
exercise by the Original Collateral Obligor for that Series of any option or other right to convert 
such Original Collateral in accordance with the terms of such Original Collateral in effect as of the 
Original Collateral Obligor Reference Date; or 
(ii) 
the conversion of one or more Original Collateral Obligor Obligations of an Original Collateral 
Obligor for that Series in an aggregate amount of not less than the Original Collateral Obligor 
Default Requirement into any other financial instrument upon the exercise by the Original 
Collateral Obligor for that Series of any option or other right to convert such Original Collateral 
Obligor Obligations in accordance with the terms of such Original Collateral Obligor Obligation in 
effect as of the time of such conversion. 
“Original Collateral Obligor Default” means, for a Series: 
(i) 
any of the Original Collateral for that Series has become capable of being declared due and 
payable before it or they would otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, or on the 
basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default or other similar condition or event (however

--- Page 129 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
129
described), other than a failure to make any required payment, in respect of the relevant Original 
Collateral Obligor under the Original Collateral for that Series; 
(ii) 
one or more Original Collateral Obligor Obligations of an Original Collateral Obligor for that Series 
in an aggregate amount of not less than the Original Collateral Obligor Default Requirement has 
become due and payable before it or they would otherwise have been due and payable as a result 
of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default or other similar condition or 
event (however described), other than a failure to make any required payment, in respect of the 
relevant Original Collateral Obligor under one or more Original Collateral Obligor Obligations or 
(iii) 
there has been a default, event of default or other similar condition or event (however described) 
in respect of the Original Collateral Obligor, any Indirect Obligor of the Original Collateral or any 
credit support provider in respect of the Original Collateral, in each case pursuant to the offering 
document or other document incorporating the terms and conditions of the Original Collateral (or 
any credit support document thereof). 
“Original Collateral Obligor Default Requirement” means, for a Series, U.S.$10,000,000 or its 
equivalent in the currency or currencies in which the relevant Original Collateral Obligor Obligations are 
denominated as of the occurrence of the relevant Original Collateral Default. 
“Original Collateral Obligor Failure to Pay” means, for a Series: 
(i) 
in respect of any Original Collateral for that Series, the failure by the relevant Original Collateral 
Obligor to make, when and where due, any payments under such Original Collateral in 
accordance with the terms of such Original Collateral in effect as of the Original Collateral Obligor 
Reference Date, but disregarding any terms allowing for non-payment, deferral or adjustments to 
any scheduled payments and any notice or grace period in respect thereof (and, for the avoidance 
of doubt, a payment made in accordance with the application of any fallback following the 
occurrence of a disruption event in respect of an interest rate, index, benchmark or price source 
shall not constitute such a failure); or 
(ii) 
in respect of one or more Original Collateral Obligor Obligations of any Original Collateral Obligor 
for that Series, after the expiration of any applicable Original Collateral Obligor Grace Period (after 
the satisfaction of any conditions precedent to the commencement of such Original Collateral 
Obligor Grace Period), the failure by the relevant Original Collateral Obligor to make, when and 
where due, any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Original Collateral Obligor 
Payment Requirement under such Original Collateral Obligor Obligations in accordance with the 
terms of such Original Collateral Obligor Obligations in effect as of the time of such failure. 
“Original Collateral Obligor Governmental Intervention” means, for a Series: 
(i) 
in respect of the Original Collateral, any one or more of the following events occurs as a result of 
action taken or an announcement made by a Governmental Authority pursuant to, or by means of, 
a restructuring and resolution law or regulation (or any other similar law or regulation), in each 
case, applicable to the Original Collateral Obligor for that Series in a form which is binding, 
irrespective of whether such event is expressly provided for under the terms of such Original 
Collateral: 
(A) 
any event which would affect creditors’ rights so as to cause: 
(I) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled 
interest accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(II) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including 
by way of redenomination);

--- Page 130 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
130
(III) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (x) the payment or 
accrual of interest, or (y) the payment of principal or premium; or 
(IV) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of such Original Collateral, causing the 
subordination of such Original Collateral to any Original Collateral Obligor Obligation; 
(B) 
an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial holder of 
such Original Collateral; 
(C) 
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; or 
(D) 
any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (A) to 
(C) of this paragraph (i); or 
(ii) 
in respect of one or more Original Collateral Obligor Obligations of any Original Collateral Obligor 
for that Series in an aggregate amount of not less than the Original Collateral Obligor Default 
Requirement, any one or more of the following events occurs as a result of action taken or an 
announcement made by a Governmental Authority pursuant to, or by means of, a restructuring 
and resolution law or regulation (or any other similar law or regulation), in each case, applicable to 
the Original Collateral Obligor for that Series in a form which is binding, irrespective of whether 
such event is expressly provided for under the terms of such Original Collateral Obligor 
Obligations: 
(A) 
any event which would affect creditors’ rights so as to cause: 
(I) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled 
interest accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(II) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including 
by way of redenomination); 
(III) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (x) the payment or 
accrual of interest, or (y) the payment of principal or premium; or 
(IV) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of such Original Collateral Obligor 
Obligations, causing the subordination of such Original Collateral Obligor Obligations 
to the Original Collateral or any other Original Collateral Obligor Obligation; 
(B) 
an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial holder of 
such Original Collateral Obligor Obligation; 
(C) 
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; or 
(D) 
any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (A) to 
(C) of this paragraph (ii). 
For the purposes of paragraphs (i) and (ii) above, the term Original Collateral Obligor Obligation shall be 
deemed to include Underlying Obligations for which the Original Collateral Obligor is acting as provider of 
an Original Collateral Obligor Guarantee. 
“Original Collateral Obligor Grace Period” means, for a Series, in respect of any Original Collateral 
Obligor Obligation of any Original Collateral Obligor for that Series, the greater of:  
(i) 
the applicable grace period with respect to payments under and in accordance with the terms of 
such Original Collateral Obligor Obligation in effect as of the date as of which such Original 
Collateral Obligor Obligation is issued or incurred; and  
(ii) 
three Original Collateral Obligor Grace Period Business Days.

--- Page 131 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
131
“Original Collateral Obligor Grace Period Business Day” means a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the place or places and on the 
days specified for that purpose under the relevant Original Collateral Obligor Obligation or, if a place or 
places are not so specified:  
(i) 
if the currency or currencies in which the relevant Original Collateral Obligor Obligation is 
denominated is the euro, a TARGET Business Day; or 
(ii) 
otherwise, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are generally open to 
settle payments in the principal financial city in the jurisdiction of the currency or currencies in 
which the relevant Original Collateral Obligor Obligation is denominated. 
“Original Collateral Obligor Guarantee” means a guarantee evidenced by a written instrument (which 
may include a statute or regulation), pursuant to which the Original Collateral Obligor irrevocably agrees, 
undertakes, or is otherwise obliged to pay all amounts of principal and interest due under an Underlying 
Obligation for which the Underlying Obligor is the obligor, by guarantee of payment and not by guarantee 
of collection (or, in either case, any legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form under the 
relevant governing law). 
“Original Collateral Obligor Obligation” means, in respect of an Original Collateral Obligor, any 
Identical Collateral or any other obligation of such Original Collateral Obligor, either directly or as 
provider of an Original Collateral Obligor Guarantee, (excluding an obligation under a revolving credit 
arrangement for which there are no outstanding, unpaid drawings in respect of principal) for the payment 
or repayment of borrowed money (which term shall include, without limitation, deposits and 
reimbursement obligations arising from drawings pursuant to letters of credit). 
“Original Collateral Obligor Payment Requirement” means, for a Series, U.S.$1,000,000 or its 
equivalent in the currency or currencies in which the relevant Original Collateral Obligor Obligations are 
denominated as of the occurrence of the relevant Original Collateral Default. 
“Original Collateral Obligor Reference Date” means, for a Series, the date specified as such in the 
applicable Accessory Conditions. 
“Original Collateral Obligor Repudiation/Moratorium” means, for a Series: 
(i) 
the Original Collateral Obligor or a Governmental Authority: 
(A) 
disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the validity of, 
the Original Collateral for that Series; or 
(B) 
declares or imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll-over or deferral, whether de facto or de 
jure, with respect to the Original Collateral for that Series; or 
(ii) 
the Original Collateral Obligor or a Governmental Authority: 
(A) 
disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the validity of, 
one or more Original Collateral Obligor Obligations of an Original Collateral Obligor for that 
Series in an aggregate amount of not less than the Original Collateral Obligor Default 
Requirement; or 
(B) 
declares or imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll-over or deferral, whether de facto or de 
jure, with respect to one or more Original Collateral Obligor Obligations of an Original 
Collateral Obligor for that Series in an aggregate amount of not less than the Original 
Collateral Obligor Default Requirement.

--- Page 132 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
132
“Original Collateral Obligor Restructuring” means, for a Series:  
(i) 
any one or more of the following events occurs, without the consent of the Issuer, with respect to 
the Original Collateral in a form that (x) binds all holders of such Original Collateral, (y) is agreed 
between the Original Collateral Obligor, an Indirect Obligor of the Original Collateral or a 
Governmental Authority and a sufficient number of holders of such Original Collateral to bind all 
holders of the Original Collateral or (z) is announced (or otherwise decreed) by an Original 
Collateral Obligor, an Indirect Obligor of the Original Collateral or a Governmental Authority in a 
form that binds all holders of such Original Collateral (including, in each case, in respect of 
Original Collateral in the form of, or represented by, a bond, note (other than notes delivered 
pursuant to term loan agreements, revolving loan agreements or other similar credit agreements), 
certificated debt security or other debt security, by way of an exchange), and such event is not 
expressly provided for under the terms of such Original Collateral in effect as of the Original 
Collateral Obligor Reference Date: 
(A) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest 
accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(B) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including by way 
of redenomination); 
(C) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either: 
(I) 
the payment or accrual of interest; or 
(II) 
the payment of principal or premium; 
(D) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of such Original Collateral, causing the 
subordination of such Original Collateral to any Original Collateral Obligor Obligation; or 
(E) 
any change in the currency of any payment of interest, principal or premium; or 
(ii) 
any one or more of the following events occurs, without the consent of the Issuer, with respect to 
one or more Original Collateral Obligor Obligations of an Original Collateral Obligor for that Series 
and in relation to an aggregate amount of not less than the Original Collateral Obligor Default 
Requirement, in a form that (x) binds all holders of such Original Collateral Obligor Obligations, (y) 
is agreed between the Original Collateral Obligor or a Governmental Authority and a sufficient 
number of holders of such Original Collateral Obligor Obligations to bind all holders of the Original 
Collateral Obligor Obligations or (z) is announced (or otherwise decreed) by an Original Collateral 
Obligor or a Governmental Authority in a form that binds all holders of such Original Collateral 
Obligor Obligations (including, in each case, in respect of Original Collateral in the form of, or 
represented by, a bond, note (other than notes delivered pursuant to term loan agreements, 
revolving loan agreements or other similar credit agreements), certificated debt security or other 
debt security, by way of an exchange), and such event is not expressly provided for under the 
terms of such Original Collateral Obligor Obligations in effect as of the Original Collateral Obligor 
Reference Date: 
(A) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest 
accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(B) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including by way 
of redenomination); 
(C) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either: 
(I) 
the payment or accrual of interest; or

--- Page 133 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
133
(II) 
the payment of principal or premium; 
(D) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of such Original Collateral Obligor 
Obligations, causing the subordination of such Original Collateral Obligor Obligations to the 
Original Collateral or any other Original Collateral Obligor Obligation; or 
(E) 
any change in the currency of any payment of interest, principal or premium. 
Notwithstanding paragraphs (i) and (ii) above, none of the following shall constitute an Original Collateral 
Obligor Restructuring: 
(I) 
the payment in euros of interest, principal or premium in relation to the Original Collateral or an 
Original Collateral Obligor Obligation denominated in a currency of a Member State of the 
European Union that adopts or has adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty 
establishing the European Community, as amended by the Treaty on European Union; 
(II) 
the redenomination from euros into another currency, if (X) the redenomination occurs as a result 
of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the European Union which is of 
general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (Y) a freely available 
market rate of conversion between euros and such other currency existed at the time of such 
redenomination and there is no reduction in the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium 
payable, as determined by reference to such freely available market rate of conversion; 
(III) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in paragraphs 
(A) to (E) above (with respect to both paragraphs (i) and (ii) above) due to an administrative 
adjustment, accounting adjustment or tax adjustment or other technical adjustment occurring in 
the ordinary course of business; and 
(IV) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in paragraphs 
(A) to (E) above (with respect to both paragraphs (i) and (ii) above) in circumstances where such 
event does not directly or indirectly result from a deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial 
condition of the Original Collateral Obligor, provided that in respect of paragraph (E) (with respect 
to both paragraphs (i) and (ii) above) only, no such deterioration in the creditworthiness or 
financial condition of the Original Collateral Obligor is required where the redenomination is from 
euros into another currency and occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of 
a Member State of the European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such 
Governmental Authority. 
For the purposes of this definition, the term Original Collateral Obligor Obligation shall be deemed to 
include Underlying Obligations for which the Original Collateral Obligor is acting as provider of an 
Original Collateral Obligor Guarantee. In the case of an Original Collateral Obligor Guarantee and an 
Underlying Obligation, references to the Original Collateral Obligor in paragraphs (i) and (ii) above shall 
be deemed to refer to the Underlying Obligor and the reference to the Original Collateral Obligor in 
paragraph (IV) above shall continue to refer to the Original Collateral Obligor.  
If an exchange has occurred, the determination as to whether one of the events described under 
paragraphs (A) to (E) above (with respect to both paragraphs (i) and (ii) above) has occurred will be 
based on a comparison of the terms of the Original Collateral or Original Collateral Obligor Obligation (as 
applicable) immediately prior to such exchange and the terms of the resulting obligations immediately 
following such exchange. 
“Original Collateral Reference Rate” means, for a Series, any interest rate, index, benchmark or price 
source by reference to which any amount payable under the Original Collateral is determined.

--- Page 134 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
134
“Original Collateral Substitution Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(c)(i). 
“Original Collateral Substitution Criteria” means, for a Series: 
(i) 
the New Original Collateral being denominated in the same currency as the Original Collateral; 
(ii) 
the New Original Collateral having a rating from one or more rating agencies, at least equal to the 
then current rating(s) (if any) given by any such rating agency to the Original Collateral (and, in the 
case of Notes rated by Fitch, such rating must be by Fitch); 
(iii) 
either (A) the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty and the SL Counterparty having each 
certified to the Issuer that it will not suffer a cost or loss or a reduction in the mark-to-market value 
of the Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement or the SL Agreement (as applicable) as a result of 
such substitution or (B) arrangements having been made which are reasonably satisfactory to the 
Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty and the SL Counterparty to compensate it for any cost 
or loss or reduction in mark-to-market value of the Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement or the 
SL Agreement (as applicable) which it certifies to the Issuer that it will incur in connection with 
such substitution (and, in determining any such cost or loss or reduction in mark-to-market value 
of the Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement or the SL Agreement, the Swap Counterparty, the 
Repo Counterparty and the SL Counterparty (as the case may be) will act in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner); 
(iv) 
the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty and the SL Counterparty having each certified to 
the Issuer and the Trustee that it has approved the Original Collateral Substitution Amendments; 
(v) 
the New Original Collateral meeting the Swap Counterparty’s, the Repo Counterparty’s and the SL 
Counterparty’s general credit and trading policies as of the relevant time; 
(vi) 
no event having occurred with respect to the New Original Collateral which could lead to any 
redemption in whole or in part of the Notes; 
(vii) 
the New Original Collateral having a scheduled maturity date falling on or about but no later than 
the Maturity Date (which may be adjusted in accordance with the Original Collateral Substitution 
Amendments); 
(viii) 
the New Original Collateral having an outstanding principal amount equal to the outstanding 
principal amount of the Original Collateral; and 
(ix) 
if the Issuer is a “nonparticipating foreign financial institution” (as such term is used under section 
1471 of the Code or in any regulations or guidance thereunder), the New Original Collateral being 
assets payments on which would not be subject to FATCA Withholding if paid before the maturity 
of the Notes (in the determination of the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty and the SL 
Counterparty).
“Original Collateral Substitution Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(c)(i). 
“Original Collateral Tax Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8 (d)(i). 
“outstanding” means, in relation to a Series, all the Notes of that Series issued except: 
(i) 
those that have been redeemed in accordance with the Conditions; 
(ii) 
those in respect of which the date for redemption has occurred and the redemption moneys 
(including all interest accrued on such Notes to the date for such redemption and any interest 
payable after such date) have been duly paid to the Trustee or to the Issuing and Paying Agent for 
such Series as provided in the Trust Deed for that Series and remain available for payment 
against presentation and surrender of Notes, Certificates, Receipts and/or Coupons, as the case 
may be;

--- Page 135 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
135
(iii) 
those that have become void or in respect of which claims have become prescribed; 
(iv) 
those that have been purchased and cancelled as provided in the Conditions; 
(v) 
those mutilated or defaced Bearer Notes that have been surrendered in exchange for replacement 
Bearer Notes; 
(vi) 
(for the purpose only of determining how many Notes are outstanding and without prejudice to 
their status for any other purpose) those Bearer Notes alleged to have been lost, stolen or 
destroyed and in respect of which replacement Notes have been issued; and  
(vii) 
any Temporary Global Note to the extent that it shall have been exchanged for a Permanent 
Global Note and any Global Note to the extent that it shall have been exchanged for one or more 
Definitive Bearer Notes, in either case pursuant to its provisions, 
provided that for the purposes of: 
(A) 
ascertaining the right to attend and vote at any meeting of the Noteholders; 
(B) 
the determination of how many Notes are outstanding for the purposes of Conditions 5 (Security), 
8 (Redemption and Purchase), 11 (Agents), 14 (Enforcement of Security), 15 (Application of 
Available Proceeds) and 19 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution), 
Schedule 1 (Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders) to the Trust Deed and the definition of 
“Successor”; and 
(C) 
the exercise of any discretion, power or authority that the Trustee is required, expressly or 
impliedly, to exercise in or by reference to the interests of the Noteholders,  
those Notes that are beneficially held by or on behalf of the Issuer and not cancelled shall (unless no 
longer so held) be deemed not to be outstanding.  
“Paying Agent(s)” means, for a Series, the Issuing and Paying Agent and the person(s) entering into the 
Agency Agreement for that Series as Paying Agent or, in each case, any Successor thereto, in each 
case at their respective Specified Offices. 
“Payment Currency” has the meaning given to it in Condition 15(e) (Foreign Exchange Conversion). 
“Permanent Global Note” means a Global Note representing Bearer Notes of one or more Tranches of 
the same Series, either on issue or upon exchange of a Temporary Global Note, or part of it, and which 
shall be substantially in the form set out in the Master Forms of Notes specified by the Programme Deed. 
“PGN Exchange Date” means a day:  
(i) 
falling not less than 60 days after that on which the notice requiring exchange is given; and  
(ii) 
on which banks are open for business in the city in which the Specified Office of the Issuing and 
Paying Agent is located. 
“Physical Redemption Amount” means, in respect of each Exercised Note outstanding on the relevant 
Early Redemption Date (where the Early Physical Redemption Amount is the Early Redemption Amount) 
in respect of which a Physical Redemption Amount is payable:  
(i) 
such Exercised Note’s pro rata share (amongst only the Unrounded Note Entitlement Component) 
of the Available Deliverable Collateral, with each such Unrounded Note Entitlement Component 
being rounded down to the next tradable unit of such Component Collateral (or zero, as 
applicable) (each, being a “Note Entitlement” and the aggregate nominal amount of any rounding 
down, being the “Physical Rounding Component”), provided that where a Noteholder holds 
more than one Note in respect of which an Early Physical Redemption Amount is due:

--- Page 136 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
136
(A) 
the Calculation Agent shall aggregate the Unrounded Note Entitlement Components in 
respect of all Exercised Notes held by such Noteholder before applying any rounding and 
shall instead round down such aggregated result to the next tradable unit of such 
Component Collateral (each, an ”Aggregated Note Entitlement”); and 
(B) 
a single Physical Rounding Component shall apply in respect of each Component 
Collateral and all of the Exercised Notes of such Noteholder; 
(ii) 
an amount of cash equal to such Exercised Note’s pro rata share (amongst only those Notes in 
respect of which an Early Physical Redemption Amount is due) of the Excess Available 
Deliverable Collateral Proceeds; 
(iii) 
an aggregate amount of cash equal to such Exercised Note’s pro rata share (amongst only 
Exercised Notes, being those in respect of which an Early Physical Redemption Amount is due) of 
each Physical Top-Up Portion; and 
(iv) 
an amount of cash equal to such Exercised Note’s pro rata share (amongst all Notes outstanding 
on the relevant Early Redemption Date) of: 
(A) 
the Specified Currency Proceeds; minus 
(B) 
the Non-Physically Deliverable Collateral Proceeds (if any); minus 
(C) 
the Excess Available Deliverable Collateral Proceeds (if any); plus 
(D) 
the sum of (I) any Termination Payment in respect of the Swap Agreement that is payable 
to the Issuer (together, if applicable, with any interest payable thereon and any other 
amounts payable by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer under the Swap Agreement), (II) 
any Termination Payment in respect of the Repo Agreement that is payable to the Issuer 
(together, if applicable, with any interest payable thereon and any other amounts payable 
by the Repo Counterparty to the Issuer under the Repo Agreement) and (III) any 
Termination Payment in respect of the SL Agreement that is payable to the Issuer 
(together, if applicable, with any interest payable thereon and any other amounts payable 
by the SL Counterparty to the Issuer under the SL Agreement); minus 
(E) 
the sum of (I) any Termination Payment in respect of the Swap Agreement that is payable 
by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty (together, if applicable, with any interest payable 
thereon and any other amounts payable by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty under the 
Swap Agreement), (II) any Termination Payment in respect of the Repo Agreement that is 
payable by the Issuer to the Repo Counterparty (together, if applicable, with any interest 
payable thereon and any other amounts payable by the Issuer to the Repo Counterparty 
under the Repo Agreement) and (III) any Termination Payment in respect of the SL 
Agreement that is payable by the Issuer to the SL Counterparty (together, if applicable, with 
any interest payable thereon and any other amounts payable by the Issuer to the SL 
Counterparty under the SL Agreement), save that where the holder of such Exercised Note 
is the Sole Noteholder and has paid the Swap Counterparty, Repo Counterparty or SL 
Counterparty in accordance with Condition 8(v)(ii)(E) (Provisions relating to Early Physical 
Redemption Amounts) pursuant to the Pre-Conditions to Delivery, such amount shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
“Physical Rounding Component” has the meaning given to it in the definition of “Physical Redemption 
Amount”. 
“Physical Top-Up Portion” means the aggregate of the cash amounts obtained in respect of each 
Component Collateral by multiplying:

--- Page 137 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
137
(i) 
the portion of the Non-Physically Deliverable Collateral Proceeds in respect of that Component 
Collateral; and  
(ii) 
the fraction obtained by dividing: 
(A) 
the Non-Physical Rounding Component in respect of that Component Collateral; by 
(B) 
the aggregate nominal amount of such Component Collateral. 
“Potential Event of Default”: 
(i) 
as used in the Swap Agreement for a Series, has the meaning given to it in Section 14 
(Definitions) of the ISDA Master Agreement; and 
(ii) 
in all other circumstances for a Series, means an event or circumstance that could, with the giving 
of notice, lapse of time and/or issue of a certificate and/or fulfilment of any other requirement, 
become an Event of Default in respect of such Series. 
“Pre-Conditions to Delivery” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(v)(ii). 
“Preceding Business Day Convention” means, if any date which is specified to be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Preceding Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day 
that is not a Business Day or a Reference Business Day for the relevant purpose, then such date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding such Business Day or Reference Business Day. 
“Pre-nominated Replacement Reference Rate” means, for a Series and a Reference Rate, the first of 
the interest rates, indices, benchmarks or other price sources specified as a “Pre-nominated 
Replacement Reference Rate” in the applicable Accessory Conditions that is not subject to a Reference 
Rate Event. 
“Pricing Terms” means, in relation to any Tranche for which there are no Final Terms, the terms issued 
by the Issuer and which specify the relevant issue details of such Tranche, as may be amended and/or 
supplemented from time to time in accordance with the conditions and the Trust Deed, Where more than 
one Tranche has been issued in respect of a Series, references to the Pricing Terms of that Series shall 
be construed to mean the Pricing Terms for each Tranche collectively, save for where the context 
specifically requires a reference to Pricing Terms to be for a particular Tranche only. Where the first 
Tranche of a Series is issued pursuant to Pricing Terms, any future Tranches shall also be issued using 
Pricing Terms. 
“principal” shall, in respect of any Series, be deemed to include any premium payable in respect of the 
Notes of that Series, all Instalment Amounts of that Series, the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes of 
that Series, any Early Redemption Amount of the Notes of that Series and all other amounts in the nature 
of principal payable in respect of that Series pursuant to Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase). 
“Priority Fallback” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(d) (Specific Provisions for Certain 
Reference Rates). 
“Programme” means, in respect of an Issuer, a programme for the issuance of secured notes, in each 
case which was most recently updated by the relevant Issuer by execution of the Programme Deed. 
“Programme Deed” means the programme deed entered into by each Issuer and the other parties on 11 
April 2024 in respect of its Programme. In respect of any Tranche of Notes, references to the Programme 
Deed or to Master Terms Documents identified in the Programme Deed shall be to the Programme Deed 
or to the Master Terms Documents identified in the Programme Deed as of the date of the Issue Deed of 
the first Tranche of Notes of that Series (save for where explicitly provided otherwise in an Issue Deed). 
“Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council.

--- Page 138 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
138
“Published Average Rate” means: 
(i) 
if the 2006 ISDA Definitions apply, any of the following Floating Rate Options: USD-SOFR 
Average 30D, USD-SOFR Average 90D, USD-SOFR Average 180D, EUR-EuroSTR Average 1W, 
EUR-EuroSTR Average 1M, EUR-EuroSTR Average 3M, EUR-EuroSTR Average 6M, EUR-
EuroSTR Average 12M, JPY-TONA Average 30D, JPY-TONA Average 90D or JPY-TONA 
Average 180D; or 
(ii) 
if the 2021 ISDA Definitions apply, a Floating Rate Option (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions) for which “Style: Published Average Rate” is specified in the Floating Rate Matrix 
Publication Version of the Floating Rate Matrix. 
“R&I” means Rating and Investment Information, Inc. 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of a Note and that is 
either specified in, or calculated in accordance with the provisions of, the applicable Accessory 
Conditions. 
“Rated Entity” has the meaning given to it in Condition 11(d) (Replacement of Custodian and/or Issuing 
and Paying Agent upon Failure to Satisfy Required Ratings). 
“Rating Agency” means, for a Series, each rating agency that rates the Notes of that Series at the 
request of the Issuer and that has not withdrawn or discontinued its rating. Each initial Rating Agency (if 
any) shall be specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions for Notes of that Series. 
“Rating Agency Affirmation” means, with respect to any action (if any) relating to Notes of a Series that 
is specified to be subject to Rating Agency Affirmation in the Conditions or any Transaction Document for 
such Notes, receipt by the Issuer and the Trustee of written confirmation from each relevant Rating 
Agency (if any) that the then current rating of such Notes will not be adversely affected or withdrawn as a 
result of such action being undertaken, provided that it is the then current policy of such Rating Agency 
to either affirm or disaffirm the relevant type of action prior to such action being taken. For the avoidance 
of doubt, if it is not the then current policy of such Rating Agency to either affirm or disaffirm the relevant 
type of action prior to such action being taken (as determined by the Rating Agency and notified to the 
Issuer, who shall forward such notice to the Trustee or, if the Rating Agency does not provide a notice, 
the Issuer shall forward such other evidence as is reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee), no Rating 
Agency Affirmation from such Rating Agency shall be required with respect to any such action that is 
specified to be subject to Rating Agency Affirmation in the Conditions or any Transaction Document. 
“Receipts” means the receipts for the payment of instalments of principal in respect of Bearer Notes of 
which the principal is repayable in instalments or, as the context may require, a specific number of them, 
and includes any replacement Receipts issued pursuant to the Conditions. 
“Record Date” has the meaning given to it in Condition 10(c) (Registered Notes). 
“Redemption/Payment Basis”, for a Series, is as specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions. 
“Reference Business Day” means a day:  
(i) 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in each of 
the places specified for that purpose in the applicable Accessory Conditions under “Reference 
Business Day”; and  
(ii) 
if “TARGET” or “TARGET Business Day” is specified under “Reference Business Day” in the 
applicable Accessory Conditions, which is a TARGET Business Day.

--- Page 139 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
139
“Reference Rate” means, for a Series, any interest rate, index, benchmark or price source by reference 
to which any amount payable under the Notes of that Series is determined. To the extent that any 
interest rate, index, benchmark or price source referred to in a Replacement Reference Rate applies in 
respect of a Series, it shall be a “Reference Rate” for that Series from the day on which it first applies. 
“Reference Rate Cessation” means, for a Series and a Reference Rate, the occurrence of one or more 
of the following events: 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
Reference Rate announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Reference Rate; 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator 
of the Reference Rate, the central bank for the currency of the Reference Rate, an insolvency 
official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Reference Rate, a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Reference Rate or a court or an entity with similar 
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the Reference Rate, which states that 
the administrator of the Reference Rate has ceased or will cease to provide the Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Reference Rate; or 
(iii) 
any event which otherwise constitutes an “index cessation event” (regardless of how it is actually 
defined or described in the definition of the Reference Rate) in relation to which a Priority Fallback 
is specified.  
“Reference Rate Default Event”, for a Series, has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(n)(iii). 
“Reference Rate Event” means, for a Series, that one or more of the following has occurred (including 
where any such event or circumstance has occurred prior to the Issue Date): 
(i) 
a Reference Rate Cessation;  
(ii) 
an Administrator/Benchmark Event; 
(iii) 
a Reference Rate is, with respect to over-the-counter derivatives transactions which reference 
such Reference Rate, the subject of any market-wide development (which may be in the form of a 
protocol by ISDA) pursuant to which such Reference Rate is, on a specified date (the “Risk-Free 
Rate Event Date”), replaced with a risk-free rate (or near risk-free rate) established in order to 
comply with the recommendations in the Financial Stability Board’s paper titled “Reforming Major 
Interest Rate Benchmarks” dated 22 July 2014 (a “Risk-Free Rate Event”); or 
(iv) 
in respect of a Reference Rate, a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of such Reference Rate announcing that (a) the regulatory 
supervisor has determined that such Reference Rate is no longer, or as of a specified future date 
will no longer be, representative of the underlying market and economic reality that such 
Reference Rate is intended to measure and that representativeness will not be restored and (b) it 
is being made in the awareness that the statement or publication will engage certain contractual 
triggers for fallbacks activated by pre-cessation announcements by such supervisor (howsoever 
described) in contracts (a “Representative Statement Event” and the date on which the 
Reference Rate is non-representative being the “Representative Statement Event Date”); or  
(v) 
if “Material Change Event” is specified to be applicable in the Accessory Conditions, the definition, 
methodology or formula for a Reference Rate, or other means of calculating the Reference Rate, 
has materially changed or as of a specified future date will materially change (a “Material Change

--- Page 140 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
140
Event” and the date on which the material change is effective being the “Material Change Event 
Date”). 
“Reference Rate Event Notice”, for a Series, has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(c)(i). 
“Reference Rate Trade Date” means, for a Series, the date specified as such in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions. 
“Register” means, for a Series, the register maintained by the Registrar for that Series. 
“Registered Note” means a Note in registered form. 
“Registrar” means, for a Series, HSBC Bank plc or otherwise the person specified as such in the 
applicable Accessory Conditions or any Successor thereto, in each case at its Specified Office. 
“Regulatory Requirement Amendments”, for a Series, has the meaning given to it in Condition 21(c) 
(Regulatory Requirement Amendments). 
“Regulatory Requirement Amendments Certificate”, for a Series, has the meaning given to it in 
Condition 21(c) (Regulatory Requirement Amendments). 
“Regulatory Requirement Event” means, for a Series, that, as a result of a Relevant Regulatory Law: 
(i) 
any of the transactions contemplated by the Conditions and the Transaction Documents are not, 
or will cease to be, compliant with one or more Relevant Regulatory Laws; 
(ii) 
the Issuer and/or any Transaction Party is not, or will cease to be, compliant with one or more 
Relevant Regulatory Laws; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer and/or any Transaction Party is not, or will cease to be, able to continue to transact 
future business (as issuer of Notes or as a transaction party to the Issuer pursuant to the 
Programme) in compliance with all Relevant Regulatory Laws. 
“Relevant Accountholder” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(c)(vi)(B). 
“Relevant Date” means, in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon of a Series, the date on which 
payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld 
or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date 
seven days after that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders of Notes of that Series that, upon 
further presentation of the Note (or relevant Certificate), Receipt or Coupon being made in accordance 
with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such 
presentation. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a Reference Rate:  
(i) 
the central bank for the currency in which the Reference Rate is denominated or any central bank 
or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either the Reference Rate or the 
administrator of the Reference Rate; or  
(ii) 
any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (A) the central bank for the 
currency in which the Reference Rate is denominated, (B) any central bank or other supervisor 
which is responsible for supervising either the Reference Rate or the administrator of the 
Reference Rate, (C) a group of those central banks or other supervisors or (D) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof.  
“Relevant Noteholder Proportion” means the Noteholders (which may be of the Series, a Class or a 
number of Affected Classes, as applicable) in respect of which a meeting is, or is to be, convened or in 
respect of which an Extraordinary Resolution is proposed to be passed by way of a written resolution or 
electronic consent.

--- Page 141 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
141
“Relevant Payment Date” means, for a Series, the day which falls 15 Reference Business Days after 
the Maturity Date of that Series. 
“Relevant Regulatory Law” means, for a Series:  
(i) 
the Dodd-Frank Act, the U.S. Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 and the U.S. Federal Reserve 
Act of 1913 (or similar legislation in other jurisdictions) and the implementation or adoption of, or 
any change in, any law, regulation or rule related thereto and any formal or informal technical 
guidelines and regulatory technical standards, further regulations, official guidance or official rules 
or procedures with respect thereto;  
(ii) 
Regulation 648/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 4 July 2012 on OTC 
Derivatives, central counterparties and trade repositories and the implementation or adoption of, 
or any change in, any law, regulation or rule related thereto and any formal or informal technical 
guidelines and regulatory technical standards, further regulations, official guidance or official rules 
or procedures with respect thereto; 
(iii) 
Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets 
in financial instruments and amending Directive 2002/92/EC and Directive 2011/61/EU (recast) 
and the implementation or adoption of, or any change in, any law, regulation or rule related thereto 
and any formal or informal technical guidelines and regulatory technical standards, further 
regulations, official guidance or official rules or procedures with respect thereto; 
(iv) 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on 
markets in financial instruments and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 and the 
implementation or adoption of, or any change in, any law, regulation or rule related thereto and 
any formal or informal technical guidelines and regulatory technical standards, further regulations, 
official guidance or official rules or procedures with respect thereto; 
(v) 
Directive 2011/61/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2011 on 
Alternative Investment Fund Managers and the implementation or adoption of, or any change in, 
any law, regulation or rule related thereto and any formal or informal technical guidelines and 
regulatory technical standards, further regulations, official guidance or official rules or procedures 
with respect thereto; 
(vi) 
the implementation or adoption of, or any change in, any applicable law, regulation, rule, 
guideline, standard or guidance after the Relevant Regulatory Law Reference Date, and with 
applicable law, regulation, rule, guideline, standard or guidance for this purpose meaning any 
similar, related or analogous law, regulation, rule, guideline, standard or guidance to those in 
paragraphs (i) to (v) above or any law or regulation that imposes a financial transaction tax or 
other similar tax;  
(vii) 
any arrangements or understandings that any Transaction Party or any of its Affiliates may have 
made or entered into with any regulatory agency with respect to its or any of their legal entity 
structure or location with regard to (A) any of paragraphs (i) to (vi) above or (B) the United 
Kingdom’s departure from the EU; or 
(viii) 
any change in any of the laws, regulations, rules, guidelines, standards or guidance referred to in 
paragraphs (i) to (vi) above as a result of the promulgation of, or any change in, the interpretation 
by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction after the Relevant 
Regulatory Law Reference Date or as a result of the public or private statement or action by, or 
response of, any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction or any official or 
representative of any such court, tribunal or regulatory authority acting in an official capacity with 
respect thereto,

--- Page 142 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
142
where, paragraphs (ii) to (v) above shall in each case also include any similar concept under comparable 
legislation in the United Kingdom, including as they form part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
“Relevant Regulatory Law Reference Date” means, for a Series, the date specified as such in the 
applicable Accessory Conditions or, if no “Relevant Regulatory Law Reference Date” is specified, the 
Trade Date. 
“Remaining Original Collateral” has the meaning given to it in Condition 13(b)(ii)(B). 
“Remaining Repo Counterparty Claim Amount” has the meaning given to it in Conditions 15(a)(i)(B) or 
15(b)(i)(B), as applicable. 
“Remaining SL Counterparty Claim Amount” has the meaning given to it in Conditions 15(a)(i)(C) or 
15(b)(i)(C), as applicable. 
“Remaining Swap Counterparty Claim Amount” has the meaning given to it in Conditions 15(a)(i)(A) 
or 15(b)(i)(A), as applicable. 
“Replacement Reference Rate” means, in respect of a Reference Rate, an interest rate, index, 
benchmark or other price source that the Calculation Agent determines to be a commercially reasonable 
alternative for such Reference Rate, provided that the Replacement Reference Rate must be: 
(i) 
a Pre-nominated Replacement Reference Rate; or 
(ii) 
if there is no Pre-nominated Replacement Reference Rate, an interest rate, index, benchmark or 
other price source (which may be formally designated, nominated or recommended by (A) any 
Relevant Nominating Body or (B) the administrator or sponsor of the Reference Rate (provided 
that such interest rate, index, benchmark or other price source is substantially the same as the 
Reference Rate) to replace the Reference Rate) which is recognised or acknowledged as being 
the industry standard replacement for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference 
such Reference Rate (which recognition or acknowledgment may be in the form of a press 
release, a member announcement, member advice, letter, protocol, publication of standard terms 
or otherwise by ISDA) (an “Industry Standard Replacement Reference Rate”). 
If the Replacement Reference Rate is an Industry Standard Replacement Reference Rate, the 
Calculation Agent shall specify a date on which the interest rate, index, benchmark or other price source 
was recognised or acknowledged as being the relevant industry standard replacement (which may be 
before such interest rate, index, benchmark or other price source commences). 
“Replacement Reference Rate Amendments”, for a Series, has the meaning given to it in 
Condition 9(c)(ii). 
“Replacement Reference Rate Amendments Certificate”, for a Series, has the meaning given to it in 
Condition 9(c)(iii)(B). 
“Replacement Reference Rate Ancillary Amendments”, for a Series, has the meaning given to it in 
Condition 9(c)(ii)(C). 
“Replacement Reference Rate Notice”, for a Series, has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(c)(iii)(A). 
“Repo Agreement” means, for a Series, an agreement comprising the GMRA Master Agreement with 
respect to the Repo Counterparty for that Series together with all Repo Transactions entered into 
between the Issuer and that Repo Counterparty in respect of that Series. 
“Repo Agreement Event” means, in accordance with the terms of the Repo Agreement for a Series, that 
an Event of Default (as defined in the Repo Agreement) has occurred with respect to the Repo 
Counterparty.

--- Page 143 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
143
“Repo Counterparty” means, for a Series, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank or otherwise 
the person specified as such in the applicable Accessory Conditions. 
“Repo Counterparty Bankruptcy Event” means, for a Series:  
(i) 
a Bankruptcy Event occurs with respect to the Repo Counterparty for that Series; 
(ii) 
a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that a Bankruptcy Credit Event has 
occurred in respect of the Repo Counterparty, or any analogous determination has been made by 
a committee or person under any definitions that replace the ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
as the market standard terms for credit derivatives or under any amendment of or supplement to 
the ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions; 
(iii) 
the Repo Counterparty for that Series is an Affiliate of the Swap Counterparty and a Swap 
Counterparty Bankruptcy Event has occurred; or  
(iv) 
the Repo Counterparty for that Series is an Affiliate of the SL Counterparty and an SL 
Counterparty Bankruptcy Event has occurred. 
“Repo Posted Collateral” means, for a Series, any securities, cash or other assets or property 
transferred by the Repo Counterparty to the Issuer pursuant to the Repo Agreement that are Purchased 
Securities, Margin Securities or Cash Margin (as such terms are defined in the Repo Agreement). 
“Repo Termination Event” means, for a Series, that an Early Termination Date in respect of all 
outstanding Repo Transactions relating to such Series has been designated or deemed to have been 
designated by the Issuer or the Repo Counterparty for that Series, as applicable, under the Repo 
Agreement for that Series, for any reason other than as a result of the occurrence of an Early 
Redemption Trigger Date in respect of that Series pursuant to Conditions 8(c) (Redemption upon 
Original Collateral Default), 8(d) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons), 8(e) (Redemption for Original 
Collateral Call/Put), 8(f) (Redemption for Termination of Swap Agreement), 8(g) (Redemption for Swap 
Counterparty Bankruptcy Event), 8(i) (Redemption for Repo Counterparty Bankruptcy Event), 8(j) 
(Redemption for Termination of SL Agreement), 8(k) (Redemption for SL Counterparty Bankruptcy 
Event), 8(l) (Redemption Following an Illegality Event), 8(m) (Redemption Following Original Collateral 
Disruption Event), 8(n) (Redemption Following Reference Rate Event), 8(o) (Redemption Following 
Satisfaction of an Issuer Call Condition), 8(p) (Redemption Following Exercise of Noteholder Early 
Redemption Option), 8(q) (Redemption Following an Additional Redemption Event) or 8(r) (Redemption 
Following the Occurrence of an Event of Default). 
“Repo Transaction” means, for a Series, a repurchase transaction entered into between the Issuer and 
the Repo Counterparty pursuant to the GMRA Master Agreement in relation to the Notes of that Series or 
a Class thereof. 
“Representative Statement Event”, for a Series and a Reference Rate, has the meaning given to it in 
the definition of “Reference Rate Event”. 
If, for a Series and a Reference Rate, (i) an event or circumstance which would otherwise constitute or 
give rise to a Representative Statement Event also constitutes a Reference Rate Cessation or (ii) a 
Reference Rate Cessation and a Representative Statement Event would otherwise be continuing at the 
same time, it will in either case constitute a Reference Rate Cessation and will not constitute or give rise 
to a Representative Statement Event provided that, if the date that would otherwise have been the 
Representative Statement Event Date would have occurred before the Reference Rate is no longer 
available or becomes non-representative, Condition 9(e) (Interim Measures) shall apply as if a 
Representative Statement Event had occurred. 
“Representative Statement Event Date”, for a Series and a Reference Rate, has the meaning given to 
it in the definition of “Reference Rate Event”.

--- Page 144 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
144
“Required Ratings” means a short-term issuer credit rating of A-1+ or A-1 by S&P and a short-term 
issuer credit rating of P-1 by Moody’s. 
“Residual Amount” means, for a Series and with respect to an application of Available Proceeds in 
connection with a Liquidation Event or an Enforcement Event of a Series, as applicable, all remaining 
proceeds (if any) after the application of the Available Proceeds to satisfy the payments set out in 
Conditions 15(a)(i) to 15(a)(vii) or 15(b)(i) to 15(b)(vii), as applicable. 
“Resolved” has the meaning given to it in the ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions. 
“Risk-Free Rate Event”, for a Series and a Reference Rate, has the meaning given to it in the definition 
of “Reference Rate Event”. 
If, for a Series and a Reference Rate, (i) an event or circumstance which would otherwise constitute or 
give rise to a Risk-Free Rate Event also constitutes a Reference Rate Cessation or (ii) a Reference Rate 
Cessation and a Risk-Free Rate Event would otherwise be continuing at the same time, it will in either 
case constitute a Reference Rate Cessation and will not constitute or give rise to a Risk-Free Rate Event 
provided that, if the date that would otherwise have been the Risk-Free Rate Event Date would have 
occurred before the Reference Rate is no longer available or becomes non-representative, 
Condition 9(e) (Interim Measures) shall apply as if a Risk-Free Rate Event had occurred. 
“Risk-Free Rate Event Date”, for a Series and a Reference Rate, has the meaning given to it in the 
definition of “Reference Rate Event”. 
“S&P” means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited. 
“Secured Creditor” means, for a Series, each person that is entitled to the benefit of Secured Payment 
Obligations of that Series. 
“Secured Payment Obligations” means, for a Series, the payment obligations of the Issuer under the 
Trust Deed, the Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement, the SL Agreement and each Note, Coupon, 
Receipt and Talon for that Series, together with any obligation of the Issuer to make payment to the 
Disposal Agent, any other Agent or the Custodian pursuant to Conditions 15(a) (Application of Available 
Proceeds of Liquidation) or 15(b) (Application of Available Proceeds of Enforcement of Security), as the 
case may be, in each case as such payment obligation may be amended, varied, supplemented, 
modified, suspended, replaced, assigned or novated from time to time. 
“Securities Act” means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933. 
“Security” for a Series means the security constituted by the Trust Deed and any other Security 
Documents (as the case may be) of that Series. 
“Security Document” means, for a Series, (i) the Trust Deed and (ii) any Japanese Pledge Agreement, 
Korean Pledge Agreement or other additional security document in respect of the Notes of that Series 
which creates or purports to create security in favour of the Trustee for the benefit of itself and the other 
Secured Creditors of that Series. 
“Series” means a series of Notes comprising one or more Tranches, whether or not issued on the same 
date, which (except in respect of the first payment of interest and their issue price) have identical terms 
on issue and are expressed to have the same series number. 
“Settlement Exercise Notice” means an exercise notice in or substantially in the form set out in the 
Trust Deed. 
“Settlement Option Cut-off Date” means the third Business Day following the date of the related Early 
Redemption Notice (or such other period as may be agreed by the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty, 
Repo Counterparty and/or SL Counterparty (as applicable)).

--- Page 145 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
145
“SL Agreement” means, for a Series, an agreement comprising the GMSLA Master Agreement with 
respect to the SL Counterparty for that Series together with all SL Transactions entered into between the 
Issuer and that SL Counterparty in respect of that Series. 
“SL Agreement Event” means, in accordance with the terms of the SL Agreement for a Series, that an 
Event of Default (as defined in the SL Agreement) has occurred with respect to the SL Counterparty or 
the Issuer is entitled to deliver a notice pursuant to paragraph 9 of the GMSLA Master Agreement. 
“SL Counterparty” means, for a Series, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank or otherwise the 
person specified as such in the applicable Accessory Conditions. 
“SL Counterparty Bankruptcy Event” means, for a Series:  
(i) 
a Bankruptcy Event occurs with respect to the SL Counterparty for that Series; 
(ii) 
a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that a Bankruptcy Credit Event has 
occurred in respect of the SL Counterparty, or any analogous determination has been made by a 
committee or person under any definitions that replace the ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions as 
the market standard terms for credit derivatives or under any amendment of or supplement to the 
ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions; 
(iii) 
the SL Counterparty for that Series is an Affiliate of the Swap Counterparty and a Swap 
Counterparty Bankruptcy Event has occurred; or  
(iv) 
the SL Counterparty for that Series is an Affiliate of the Repo Counterparty and a Repo 
Counterparty Bankruptcy Event has occurred. 
“SL Net Margin” has the meaning given to it in Conditions 15(a)(i)(C) or (b)(i)(C), as applicable. 
“SL Net Margin Return Amount” has the meaning given to it in Conditions 15(a)(i)(C) or (b)(i)(C), as 
applicable. 
“SL Posted Collateral” means, for a Series, any securities, cash or other assets or property transferred 
by the SL Counterparty to the Issuer pursuant to the SL Agreement. 
“SL Termination Event” means, for a Series, that either: 
(i) 
an Early Termination Date in respect of all outstanding SL Transactions relating to such Series 
has been designated or deemed to have been designated by the Issuer or the SL Counterparty for 
that Series, as applicable, under the SL Agreement for that Series, for any reason other than as a 
result of the occurrence of an Early Redemption Trigger Date in respect of that Series pursuant to 
Conditions 8(c) (Redemption upon Original Collateral Default), 8(d) (Redemption for Taxation 
Reasons), 8(e) (Redemption for Original Collateral Call/Put), 8(f) (Redemption for Termination of 
Swap Agreement), 8(g) (Redemption for Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event), 8(h) (Redemption 
for Termination of Repo Agreement), 8(i) (Redemption for Repo Counterparty Bankruptcy Event), 
8(k) (Redemption for SL Counterparty Bankruptcy Event), 8(l) (Redemption Following an Illegality 
Event), 8(m) (Redemption Following Original Collateral Disruption Event), 8(n) (Redemption 
Following Reference Rate Event), 8(o) (Redemption Following Satisfaction of an Issuer Call 
Condition), 8(p) (Redemption Following Exercise of Noteholder Early Redemption Option), 8(q) 
(Redemption Following an Additional Redemption Event) or 8(r) (Redemption Following the 
Occurrence of an Event of Default); or  
(ii) 
each SL Transaction relating to such Series has been terminated pursuant to paragraph 9 of the 
GMSLA Master Agreement.

--- Page 146 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
146
“SL Transaction” means, for a Series, a securities lending transaction entered into between the Issuer 
and the SL Counterparty pursuant to the GMSLA Master Agreement in relation to the Notes of that 
Series or a Class thereof. 
“Sole Noteholder” means the 100 per cent. beneficial holder of all Notes then outstanding. 
“special quorum resolution” has the meaning given to it in paragraph 2 (Powers of Meetings) of 
Schedule 1 (Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders) to the Trust Deed. 
“Specified Currency” means, for a Series, subject to Condition 10(i) (Currency Unavailability), the 
currency specified as such in the applicable Accessory Conditions or, if no “Specified Currency” is 
specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
“Specified Currency Equivalent” means, with respect to an amount on the Early Valuation Date, in the 
case of an amount denominated in the Specified Currency, such Specified Currency amount and, in the 
case of an amount denominated in a currency other than the Specified Currency (the “Other Currency”), 
the amount of Specified Currency required to purchase such amount of the Other Currency at a rate 
determined by the Disposal Agent for the Series to be representative of the spot foreign exchange rates 
prevailing for sale of the Other Currency and purchase of the Specified Currency. 
“Specified Currency Proceeds” means the Actual Currency Proceeds, provided that where all or part of 
such Actual Currency Proceeds are not denominated in the Specified Currency, such amount (or each 
such part thereof, as the case may be) shall be converted into the Specified Currency at a rate 
determined by the Disposal Agent to be representative of the spot foreign exchange rates prevailing for 
sale of the relevant non-Specified Currency and purchase of the Specified Currency. 
“Specified Denomination” means, in respect of a Note, the amount specified in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions. 
“Specified Office” means, in relation to an Agent or the Custodian, the office identified with its name in 
the applicable Accessory Conditions. 
“Standard Linear Interpolation” means the straight-line interpolation by reference to two rates based on 
the relevant ISDA Rate, one of which will be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of 
time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the affected Interest Period and the 
other of which will be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next longer than the length of such Interest Period. For the purposes of this definition, 
“Designated Maturity” has the meaning given to it in the applicable ISDA Definitions. 
“Successor” means, for a Series and in relation to an Agent or the Custodian for such Series, such other 
or further person as may, from time to time, be appointed by the Issuer as such Agent or Custodian with 
the written approval of the Trustee of such Series (except that, subject to Conditions 11(b)(ii)(B) and 
11(c)(ii)(B), the written approval of the Trustee shall not apply to the Disposal Agent and/or the 
Calculation Agent where the Noteholders, acting by Extraordinary Resolution, give instruction to the 
Issuer to appoint a replacement Disposal Agent and/or Calculation Agent in accordance with 
Condition 11 (Agents)) and notice of whose appointment is given to Noteholders of that Series pursuant 
to clause 7.1.16 (Change in Agents or Custodian) of the Trust Deed. 
“Swap/Repo/Securities Lending Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 21(b) 
(Swap/Repo/Securities Lending Amendments). 
“Swap/Repo/Securities Lending Amendments Certificate” has the meaning given to it in 
Condition 21(b) (Swap/Repo/Securities Lending Amendments).

--- Page 147 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
147
“Swap Agreement” means, for a Series, an agreement comprising the ISDA Master Agreement with 
respect to the Swap Counterparty for that Series together with all Swap Transactions entered into 
between the Issuer and that Swap Counterparty in respect of that Series. 
“Swap Agreement Event” means, in accordance with the terms of the Swap Agreement for a Series, 
that an Event of Default (as defined in the Swap Agreement) has occurred with respect to the Swap 
Counterparty or a Termination Event (as defined in the Swap Agreement) has occurred where the Issuer 
has the right to designate an Early Termination Date in respect of all outstanding Swap Transactions 
under that Swap Agreement. 
“Swap Counterparty” means, for a Series, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank or otherwise 
the person specified as such in the applicable Accessory Conditions. 
“Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event” means, for a Series:  
(i) 
a Bankruptcy Event occurs with respect to the Swap Counterparty for that Series; 
(ii) 
a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that a Bankruptcy Credit Event has 
occurred in respect of the Swap Counterparty, or any analogous determination has been made by 
a committee or person under any definitions that replace the ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
as the market standard terms for credit derivatives or under any amendment of or supplement to 
the ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions; 
(iii) 
the Swap Counterparty for that Series is an Affiliate of the Repo Counterparty and a Repo 
Counterparty Bankruptcy Event has occurred; or  
(iv) 
the Swap Counterparty for that Series is an Affiliate of the SL Counterparty and an SL 
Counterparty Bankruptcy Event has occurred. 
“Swap Counterparty CSA Posted Collateral” means, for a Series, any securities, cash or other assets 
or property transferred by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer pursuant to the Credit Support Annex that 
are Eligible Credit Support (VM) comprising the Credit Support Balance (VM) of the Swap Counterparty 
(as such terms are defined in the Swap Agreement). 
“Swap Termination Event” means, for a Series, that an Early Termination Date in respect of all 
outstanding Swap Transactions relating to such Series has been designated or deemed to have been 
designated by the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty for that Series, as applicable, under the Swap 
Agreement for that Series for any reason other than as a result of the occurrence of an Early Redemption 
Trigger Date in respect of that Series pursuant to Conditions 8(c) (Redemption upon Original Collateral 
Default), 8(d) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons), 8(e) (Redemption for Original Collateral Call/Put), 8(g) 
(Redemption for Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event), 8(h) (Redemption for Termination of Repo 
Agreement), 8(i) (Redemption for Repo Counterparty Bankruptcy Event), 8(j) (Redemption for 
Termination of SL Agreement), 8(k) (Redemption for SL Counterparty Bankruptcy Event), 8(l) 
(Redemption Following an Illegality Event), 8(m) (Redemption Following Original Collateral Disruption 
Event), 8(n) (Redemption Following Reference Rate Event), 8(o) (Redemption Following Satisfaction of 
an Issuer Call Condition), 8(p) (Redemption Following Exercise of Noteholder Early Redemption Option), 
8(q) (Redemption Following an Additional Redemption Event) or 8(r) (Redemption Following the 
Occurrence of an Event of Default). 
“Swap Transaction” means, for a Series, a derivative transaction entered into between the Issuer and 
the Swap Counterparty pursuant to the ISDA Master Agreement in relation to the Notes of that Series or 
a Class thereof. 
“T2”means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor system.

--- Page 148 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
148
“Talon” means a talon for one or more further Coupons and includes any replacement Talon issued 
pursuant to the Conditions. 
“TARGET Business Day” means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments in euro. 
“Temporary Global Note” means a Global Note representing Bearer Notes of one or more Tranches of 
the same Series on issue and which shall be substantially in the form set out in the Master Forms of 
Notes. 
“Termination Payment” means, for a Series: 
(i) 
in respect of the Swap Agreement for that Series, any Early Termination Amount (as defined in 
the Swap Agreement) due under such Swap Agreement; 
(ii) 
in respect of the Repo Agreement for that Series, the balance determined pursuant to 
paragraph 10(d) thereof; and 
(iii) 
in respect of the SL Agreement for that Series, the balance determined pursuant to 
paragraph 11.2 thereof. 
“TGN Exchange Date” means the first day following the expiry of 40 days after the Issue Date. 
“Tranche” means, in relation to a Series, those Notes of that Series or Class of Notes of that Series (as 
applicable) that are issued on the same date at the same issue price and in respect of which the first 
payment of interest is identical. 
“Transaction Document” means, for a Series, each of the Security Document(s), the Agency 
Agreement, the Collateral Sale Agreement, the Custody Agreement, the Repo Agreement, the SL 
Agreement and the Swap Agreement for that Series, as applicable, together with the Issue Deed for 
each Tranche of that Series, the Programme Deed and any other agreement specified as such in the 
applicable Accessory Conditions. 
“Transaction Party” means, for a Series, each party to a Transaction Document of that Series other 
than the Issuer and any other person specified as a Transaction Party in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions. 
“Transfer Agent(s)” means, for a Series, the Registrar and the persons entering into the Agency 
Agreement for that Series as Transfer Agent or, in each case, any Successor thereto, in each case at 
their respective Specified Offices. 
“Transferee” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Credit Support Annex. 
“Transferor” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Credit Support Annex. 
“Trust Deed” means, for a Series, the trust deed for that Series created by entry into of the Issue Deed 
for the first Tranche of that Series, on the terms of the Master Trust Terms as amended by such Issue 
Deed. 
“Trustee” means HSBC Corporate Trustee Company (UK) Limited or otherwise the person specified as 
such in the applicable Accessory Conditions or any replacement Trustee appointed by the Issuer for 
such Series. 
“Trustee Application Date” means, for a Series, each date on which the Trustee for that Series 
determines to apply the Available Proceeds of such Series in accordance with the provisions of the 
Conditions and the Trust Deed of such Series. 
“UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA.

--- Page 149 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
149
“Undeliverable Original Collateral Amount” means, in respect of an Instructing Noteholder:  
(i) 
the Instructing Noteholder Proportion in respect of that Instructing Noteholder multiplied by the 
total principal amount of the Original Collateral as at the date of the Original Collateral Substitution 
Notice; minus  
(ii) 
the principal amount of the Deliverable Original Collateral Amount in respect of that Instructing 
Noteholder. 
“Underlying Obligation” means, with respect to a guarantee, the obligation which is the subject of the 
guarantee. 
“Underlying Obligor” means with respect to an Underlying Obligation, the issuer in the case of a bond, 
the borrower in the case of a loan, or the principal obligor in the case of any other Underlying Obligation. 
“Unrounded Note Entitlement Component” means each Note in respect of which an Early Physical 
Redemption Amount is due. 
“Unscheduled Holiday” means, in respect of any day, that such day is not a Reference Business Day 
and the market was not aware of such fact by means of a public announcement until after 09:00 a.m. in 
the relevant financial centre for the purpose of such Reference Business Day, on the day that is two 
Reference Business Days (not including days that would have been Reference Business Days but for 
that announcement) prior to that day. 
“U.S.” and “United States” means the United States of America. 
“U.S. Person” means a “United States person” within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code, 
including a U.S. citizen or resident, a corporation or partnership organised in or under the laws of the 
United States, and certain estates and trusts. 
“Variable-linked Interest Rate Note” means each Note issued by way of Pricing Terms the Interest 
Basis of which is specified in the applicable Pricing Terms to be “Variable-linked Interest Rate Note”. 
“Vendor” means, for a Series, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank or any other person 
specified as such in the applicable Accessory Conditions. 
“Zero Coupon Note” means each Note the Interest Basis of which is specified in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions to be “Zero Coupon”.
2 
Form, Specified Denomination and Title
(a) 
Form
The Notes are issued in bearer form or in registered form, in each case, in the Specified 
Denomination(s) specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions. 
Definitive Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where 
appropriate, a Talon) attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in definitive bearer form, in 
which case references to interest (other than in relation to Default Interest), Coupons and Talons 
in the Conditions are not applicable. Instalment Notes in definitive bearer form are issued with one 
or more Receipts attached. 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes not in definitive form will be initially issued in the form of a 
Temporary Global Note or, if so specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions, a Permanent 
Global Note. 
Registered Notes are represented by registered certificates and each Certificate shall represent 
the entire holding of Registered Notes by the same holder.

--- Page 150 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
150
In respect of each Tranche of Notes in global form, the relevant Global Note or Global Certificate 
will be delivered on or prior to the Issue Date to a Common Depositary. 
Upon the initial deposit of a Global Note with a Common Depositary or registration of Registered 
Notes in the name of any nominee for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and delivery of the 
relevant Global Certificate to the Common Depositary, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will 
credit each subscriber with a principal amount of Notes equal to the principal amount thereof for 
which it has subscribed and paid. 
Notes that are initially deposited with a Common Depositary may also be credited to the accounts 
of subscribers with (if indicated in the applicable Accessory Conditions) other clearing systems 
through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg held by such 
other clearing systems. Conversely, Notes that are initially deposited with (if indicated in the 
applicable Accessory Conditions) any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the 
accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or other clearing systems. 
(b) 
Title
Title to Definitive Bearer Notes and Receipts, Coupons and Talons thereto and Global Notes shall 
pass by delivery.  
Title to Registered Notes shall pass by registration in the Register that the Issuer shall procure will 
be kept by the Registrar in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement.  
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any 
Definitive Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon and the registered holder of any Registered 
Note shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or 
not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on 
it (or on the Certificate representing it) or its theft or loss (or that of the related Certificate), and no 
person shall be liable for so treating the holder.  
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder 
of a Note represented by a Global Note or Global Certificate must look solely to Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (as the case may be) for his share of each payment made by the Issuer 
to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder of the underlying Registered Notes, as the case 
may be, and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global Notes or Global Certificates, 
subject to and in accordance with the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (as the case may be). Such persons shall have no claim directly 
against the Issuer in respect of payments due on the Notes for so long as the Notes are 
represented by such Global Note or Global Certificate, and such obligations of the Issuer will be 
discharged by payment to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder of the underlying 
Registered Notes, as the case may be, in respect of each amount so paid.  
(c) 
Denomination
All Registered Notes of a Series shall have the same Specified Denomination. For such purpose, 
if the applicable Accessory Conditions specify that the Specified Denomination of a Note 
comprises a minimum Specified Denomination and integral multiples of the Calculation Amount in 
excess thereof then, in the context of Registered Notes only, the Specified Denomination for such 
Registered Notes shall be deemed to be the Calculation Amount and the minimum Specified 
Denomination shall represent the minimum aggregate holding required of a Noteholder. Transfers 
that would result in the transferee or transferor holding less than such minimum aggregate holding 
shall not be permitted.

--- Page 151 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
151
(d) 
Interest Basis and Redemption/Payment Basis 
The Notes are Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Variable-linked Interest Rate Notes, Zero 
Coupon Notes or Instalment Notes, a combination of any of the foregoing or any other kind of 
Note, depending upon the Interest Basis and Redemption/Payment Basis specified in the 
applicable Accessory Conditions. 
(e) 
Classes 
Where the applicable Accessory Conditions specify Classes in respect of a Series, the Notes of all 
such Classes shall comprise a single Series (without distinction between the Classes, save as 
expressly provided herein, in the Accessory Conditions and in the Trust Deed) and the Notes of 
each Class shall rank pari passu and without any preferences amongst the Classes. References 
herein to Notes or Series shall, where such a Series comprises Classes, also refer to Notes of 
each of the Classes as the context requires. 
3 
Exchanges of Notes and Transfers of Notes
(a) 
Prohibited Exchanges of Notes
Registered Notes are not exchangeable for Bearer Notes. Bearer Notes of one Specified 
Denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. Bearer 
Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes. 
(b) 
Exchange of Temporary Global Note for Permanent Global Note or Definitive Bearer Notes 
On or after the TGN Exchange Date, a Temporary Global Note may be exchanged (free of charge 
to the holder) in whole or (in the case of a D Rules Note only) from time to time in part by its 
presentation and, on exchange in full, surrender to or to the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent 
for (i) interests in a Permanent Global Note or (ii) if so specified in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions, for Definitive Bearer Notes, in each case in an aggregate principal amount equal to 
the aggregate principal amount of such Temporary Global Note, provided that, in the case of any 
D Rules Note (or any part thereof) submitted for exchange for a Permanent Global Note or 
Definitive Bearer Notes, there shall have been Certification with respect to such principal amount 
submitted for such exchange dated no earlier than the TGN Exchange Date. 
On any exchange of a part of a Temporary Global Note for an equivalent interest in a Permanent 
Global Note or for Definitive Bearer Notes, as the case may be, the portion of the principal amount 
of such Temporary Global Note so exchanged shall be endorsed by or on behalf of the Issuing 
and Paying Agent in the first schedule thereto, whereupon the principal amount thereof shall be 
reduced for all purposes by the amount so exchanged and endorsed. 
(c) 
Exchange of Permanent Global Note for Definitive Bearer Notes
If a Permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and any 
such clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by 
reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease 
business or does in fact do so, on or after the PGN Exchange Date, such Permanent Global Note 
may be exchanged (free of charge to the holder) in whole but not in part for Definitive Bearer 
Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate principal amount of the Permanent 
Global Note submitted for exchange. Any such exchange may be effected by the holder of the 
Permanent Global Note presenting and surrendering such Permanent Global Note to or to the 
order of the Issuing and Paying Agent.

--- Page 152 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
152
(d) 
Definitive Bearer Notes
The Definitive Bearer Notes for which a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note may 
be exchanged shall: 
(i) 
be duly executed and authenticated; 
(ii) 
have attached to them all Coupons (and, where appropriate, Talons) in respect of interest 
and all Receipts in respect of Instalment Amounts, in each case that have not already been 
paid on such Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note, as the case may be; 
(iii) 
be security printed; and 
(iv) 
be substantially in the form set out in the Master Forms of Notes as completed by the 
applicable Final Terms or as completed, amended, supplemented or varied by the 
applicable Pricing Terms. 
If a Global Note is exchanged for Definitive Bearer Notes, such Definitive Bearer Notes shall be 
issued in Specified Denomination(s) only. A Noteholder who holds a principal amount of less than 
the minimum Specified Denomination will not receive a Definitive Bearer Note in respect of such 
holding and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that it holds an amount 
equal to one or more Specified Denominations. 
(e) 
Transfers of Global Notes 
Beneficial interests in Notes represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance 
with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be. 
(f) 
Transfers of Registered Notes
One or more Definitive Registered Notes may be transferred upon the surrender (at the Specified 
Office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent) of the Certificate representing such Definitive 
Registered Notes to be transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed on such Certificate 
(or another form of transfer substantially in the same form and containing the same 
representations and certifications (if any), unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer) duly completed 
and executed, and any such other evidence as the Registrar or Transfer Agent may reasonably 
require.  
In the case of a transfer of part only of a holding of Definitive Registered Notes represented by 
one Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to the transferee in respect of the part transferred 
and a further new Certificate in respect of the balance of the holding not transferred shall be 
issued to the transferor.  
All transfers of Registered Notes and entries on the Register will be subject to and effected in 
accordance with the detailed regulations concerning transfers of Registered Notes scheduled to 
the Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer, with the prior written 
approval of the Registrar and the Trustee. A copy of the current regulations will be made available 
by the Registrar to any Noteholder upon request. 
Beneficial interests in Notes represented by a Global Certificate will be transferable only in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be.

--- Page 153 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
153
Transfers of part only of the holding of Notes represented by a Global Certificate may only be 
made: 
(i) 
if the Notes represented by such Global Certificate are held on behalf of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and any such clearing system is closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business or does in fact do so; or 
(ii) 
with the consent of the Issuer, 
provided that, in the case of the first transfer of part of a holding pursuant to paragraph (i) above, 
the holder of the Notes represented by such Global Certificate has given the Registrar at least 30 
days’ notice at its Specified Office of such holder’s intention to effect such transfer. Where the 
holding of Notes represented by the Global Certificate is only transferable in its entirety, the 
Certificate issued to the transferee upon transfer of such holding shall be a Global Certificate. 
Where transfers are permitted in part, Certificates issued to transferees shall not be Global 
Certificates unless the transferee so requests and certifies to the Registrar that it is, or is acting as 
a nominee for, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
(g) 
Delivery of New Certificates
Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Condition 3(f) (Transfers of Registered Notes) shall 
be available for delivery within three business days of the surrender of the relevant Certificate 
together with the relevant form of transfer and relevant evidence required by the Registrar or 
Transfer Agent. Delivery of the new Certificate(s) shall be made at the Specified Office of the 
Transfer Agent or of the Registrar (as the case may be) to whom delivery or surrender of such 
form of transfer or Certificate shall have been made or, at the option of the holder making such 
delivery or surrender as aforesaid and as specified in the relevant form of transfer or otherwise in 
writing, be mailed by uninsured post at the risk of the holder entitled to the new Certificate to such 
address as may be so specified, unless such holder requests otherwise and pays in advance to 
the relevant Transfer Agent or the Registrar the costs of such other method of delivery and/or 
such insurance as it may specify. In this Condition 3(g), “business day” means a day, other than 
a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open for business in the place of the Specified Office 
of the relevant Transfer Agent or the Registrar (as the case may be). 
(h) 
Transfers Free of Charge
Transfers of Registered Notes pursuant to Condition 3(f) (Transfers of Registered Notes) and 
delivery of Certificates pursuant to Condition 3(g) (Delivery of New Certificates) shall be effected 
without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Registrar or the Transfer Agents, but upon 
payment of any tax or other governmental charges that may be imposed in relation to it (or the 
giving of such indemnity as the Registrar or the relevant Transfer Agent may require). 
(i) 
Closed Periods
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered:  
(i) 
during the period of 15 days ending on the Maturity Date, or the due date for payment of 
any Instalment Amount, in respect of that Note; 
(ii) 
after the occurrence of any Early Redemption Trigger Date and/or any Liquidation Event in 
relation to such Note; or 
(iii) 
during the period of seven days ending on (and including) any Record Date.

--- Page 154 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
154
4 
Constitution, Status, Collateral and Non-applicability
(a) 
Constitution and Status of Notes
The Notes are constituted and secured by the Trust Deed. The Notes are secured, limited 
recourse obligations of the Issuer, at all times ranking pari passu and without any preference 
among themselves and secured in the manner described in Condition 5 (Security) and recourse in 
respect of which is limited in the manner described in Conditions 14 (Enforcement of Security), 15 
(Application of Available Proceeds) and 17(a) (General Limited Recourse). 
(b) 
Collateral
In connection with the issue of the Notes, the Issuer may acquire rights, title and/or interests in 
and to the Collateral. The Original Collateral shall be as specified in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions. In addition or in the alternative to its acquisition of rights, title and/or interests in and to 
the Original Collateral, the Issuer may enter into a Swap Agreement, a Repo Agreement and/or an 
SL Agreement, in each case with respect to the Notes as specified in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions. 
(c) 
Non-applicability
Where no reference is made in the applicable Accessory Conditions to any Original Collateral, 
references in the Conditions to any Original Collateral, to any Secured Payment Obligation 
relating to such Original Collateral and to any related Original Collateral Obligor or Secured 
Creditor relating to such Collateral, as the case may be, shall not be applicable. Where no 
reference is made in the applicable Accessory Conditions to any Swap Agreement, Swap 
Counterparty, Repo Agreement, Repo Counterparty, SL Agreement and/or SL Counterparty, 
references in the Conditions thereto shall not be applicable. Where no reference is made in the 
Accessory Conditions to any Rating Agency rating the Notes at the request of the Issuer, 
references in the Conditions to any Rating Agency or Rating Agency Affirmation shall not be 
applicable. 
(d) 
Rating Agency Affirmation
The Trustee shall be entitled to assume, without further investigation or enquiry, for the purpose of 
exercising or performing any right, power, trust, authority, duty or discretion under or in relation to 
the Trust Deed or any other Transaction Document (including, without limitation, any consent, 
approval, modification, waiver, authorisation or determination), that such exercise will not be 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders, if it receives a Rating Agency Affirmation 
in respect thereof or each Rating Agency then rating the outstanding Notes at the request of the 
Issuer has publicly announced that the then current rating by it of the outstanding Notes (if any) 
would not be adversely affected or withdrawn in connection therewith. For such purpose, the 
public announcement by the relevant Rating Agency need not refer to the Notes specifically but 
may instead refer generally to securities possessing certain characteristics. 
5 
Security
(a) 
Security
Unless otherwise specified in the Issue Deed, pursuant to the Trust Deed, the Secured Payment 
Obligations are secured in favour of the Trustee for the benefit of itself and the other Secured 
Creditors by: 
(i) 
a first fixed charge over the Collateral and all property, assets and sums derived therefrom;

--- Page 155 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
155
(ii) 
an assignment by way of security of all the rights, title and interest of the Issuer attaching or 
relating to the Collateral and all property, sums and assets derived therefrom, including, 
without limitation, any right to delivery thereof or to an equivalent number or principal value 
thereof which arises in connection with any such assets being held in a clearing system or 
through a financial intermediary; 
(iii) 
an assignment by way of security of the rights and interest of the Issuer in and under the 
Swap Agreement and of the rights, title and interest of the Issuer in all property, assets and 
sums derived from the Swap Agreement, without prejudice to, and after giving effect to, any 
contractual netting provision contained in the Swap Agreement; 
(iv) 
an assignment by way of security of the rights and interest of the Issuer in and under the 
Repo Agreement and of the rights, title and interest of the Issuer in all property, assets and 
sums derived from the Repo Agreement, without prejudice to, and after giving effect to, any 
set off provision contained in the Repo Agreement; 
(v) 
an assignment by way of security of the rights and interest of the Issuer in and under the 
SL Agreement and of the rights, title and interest of the Issuer in all property, assets and 
sums derived from the SL Agreement, without prejudice to, and after giving effect to, any 
set off provision contained in the SL Agreement; 
(vi) 
an assignment by way of security of the rights and interest of the Issuer in and under the 
Agency Agreement, any other agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Disposal 
Agent and the Custody Agreement and of the rights, title and interest of the Issuer in all 
property, assets and sums derived from such agreements; 
(vii) 
a first fixed charge over (A) all sums held by the Issuing and Paying Agent and the 
Custodian to meet payments due in respect of any Secured Payment Obligation, and (B) 
any sums received by the Custodian under the Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement and 
the SL Agreement; and 
(viii) 
a first fixed charge over all property, sums and assets held or received by the Disposal 
Agent relating to the Transaction Documents and the Collateral, 
subject, in each case, to any Japanese Pledge Agreement or Korean Pledge Agreement that may 
be applicable to a Series. 
Certain of the assets being the subject of the Security created pursuant to the Trust Deed shall be 
released automatically, without the need for any notice or other formalities (A) to the extent 
required for the Issuer to be able to duly make any payment or delivery in respect of the Notes of 
a Series and/or under the Swap Agreement in respect of that Series and/or under the Repo 
Agreement in respect of that Series and/or under the SL Agreement in respect of that Series 
and/or the other Transaction Documents which is due and payable or deliverable, (B) in 
connection with the purchase of Notes or (C) as otherwise provided for under the Conditions or 
the relevant Transaction Documents in respect of a Series. 
Additionally, the Secured Payment Obligations of the Issuer may be secured pursuant to a 
Security Document other than the Trust Deed as specified in the Issue Deed. 
(b) 
Issuer’s Rights as Beneficial Owner of Collateral
Prior to the Trustee effectively giving a valid Enforcement Notice to the Issuer, the Custodian, the 
Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty, the SL Counterparty and the Disposal Agent 
appointed at that time, the Issuer may, on the instruction of the Calculation Agent (and without the 
prior written consent of the Trustee or the sanction of an Extraordinary Resolution) exercise its 
voting rights in respect of the Collateral in relation to:

--- Page 156 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
156
(i) 
interbank offered rate remediation in respect of such Collateral; 
(ii) 
a tender offer in respect of any such Collateral; or 
(iii) 
any such other corporate action for which the Calculation Agent has received written 
confirmation from the 100% Noteholders (together with evidence to the satisfaction of the 
Calculation Agent of such 100% Noteholders’ beneficial holding of 100 per cent. of the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding). 
Other than the limited circumstances set out above, prior to the Trustee giving an Enforcement 
Notice to the Issuer, the Custodian, the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty, the SL 
Counterparty and the Disposal Agent appointed at that time, the Issuer may, subject to obtaining 
(y) the sanction of an Extraordinary Resolution or the prior written consent of the Trustee, and (z) 
an instruction from the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty or the SL Counterparty: 
(i) 
take such action in relation to the Collateral as it may think expedient; and 
(ii) 
exercise any rights incidental to the ownership of the Collateral and, in particular (but 
without limitation and without responsibility for their exercise), any voting rights in respect of 
such property and all rights to enforce any ownership interests in respect of such property. 
The Issuer will not exercise any rights with respect to any Collateral unless it has obtained the 
instruction of the Calculation Agent, the sanction of an Extraordinary Resolution, the consent of 
the Trustee or the instruction of the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty or the SL 
Counterparty referred to above and, if such instruction, sanction or consent is given, the Issuer will 
act only in accordance with such instruction, sanction or consent. For the avoidance of doubt (A) 
nothing in this Condition 5(b) shall operate to release the Security over the Mortgaged Property 
and (B) no such sanction or consent is required in connection with any assets which are released 
from the Security automatically.
(c) 
Substitution of Original Collateral 
(i) 
If, for a Series, “Substitution of Original Collateral” is specified as “Applicable” in the 
applicable Accessory Conditions, Noteholders acting by an Extraordinary Resolution (the 
Noteholders who voted in favour of the Extraordinary Resolution, the “Instructing 
Noteholders”) may deliver a notice in writing (an “Original Collateral Substitution 
Notice”) requesting that the Original Collateral be substituted (in whole but not in part) with 
other assets specified in the Original Collateral Substitution Notice (such other assets, the 
“New Original Collateral”), which assets shall be delivered to the Custodian on behalf of 
the Issuer as specified in the Original Collateral Substitution Notice (such Original Collateral 
Substitution Notice specifying the adjustments (if any) that the Instructing Noteholders 
propose to make to the Rate of Interest and/or the Maturity Date of the Notes to reflect the 
substitution of the Original Collateral with the New Original Collateral (such consequential 
amendments together, the “Original Collateral Substitution Amendments”)), provided 
that: 
(A) 
the Original Collateral Substitution Notice must be delivered to the Issuer, the Swap 
Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty, the SL Counterparty, the Trustee and the 
Custodian at least twenty Reference Business Days prior to the proposed date for 
substitution; 
(B) 
the Custodian must be able to hold the New Original Collateral in the Custody 
Account in accordance with the terms of the Custody Agreement; 
(C) 
all of the Original Collateral Substitution Criteria must be satisfied;

--- Page 157 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
157
(D) 
all conditions relating to substitution of Original Collateral specified in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions must be satisfied; 
(E) 
no Early Redemption Trigger Date has occurred; 
(F) 
where the Notes are rated, Rating Agency Affirmation has been received from each 
Rating Agency (if any) then rating the outstanding Notes at the request of the Issuer; 
(G) 
the Issuer has delivered to the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty, the SL 
Counterparty, the Trustee and the Custodian a certificate signed by a Director to the 
effect that the conditions in paragraphs (A) to (F) are satisfied; and 
(H) 
where the Original Collateral Substitution Notice specifies Original Collateral 
Substitution Amendments which have been approved by the Swap Counterparty, the 
Repo Counterparty and the SL Counterparty (as applicable) in satisfaction of the 
relevant Original Collateral Substitution Criteria, the Original Collateral Substitution 
Amendments shall be effected by the Transaction Parties without seeking the 
consent of Noteholders (including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed 
supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed).  
(ii) 
With effect from the date of the delivery of the New Original Collateral in accordance with 
the Original Collateral Substitution Notice from (or procured by) the Instructing Noteholders 
to the Custodian on behalf of the Issuer (unless the Notes are issued by way of Pricing 
Terms and such Pricing Terms specify otherwise), the payment obligations of the parties 
under the Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement and the SL Agreement will be adjusted 
(subject to and in accordance with Condition 21(b) (Swap/Repo/Securities Lending 
Amendments)) so that the payment obligations of the Issuer reflect the substitution of the 
Original Collateral with the New Original Collateral and any Credit Support Annex shall be 
adjusted (subject to and in accordance with Condition 21(b) (Swap/Repo/Securities 
Lending Amendments)) such that references to the assets constituting the Original 
Collateral shall be replaced by reference to the assets constituting the New Original 
Collateral. In addition: 
(A) 
on the date of delivery of the New Original Collateral where a Credit Support Annex 
is applicable to the Notes, an aggregate amount of the New Original Collateral 
having a Value (as defined in the Credit Support Annex) as close as practicable to 
the prevailing Value (as defined in the Credit Support Annex) of the Original 
Collateral forming part of the Issuer’s Credit Support Balance (VM) (and, in any 
event at least such Value of the Original Collateral) shall be transferred to the Swap 
Counterparty as Eligible Credit Support (VM) (as defined in such Credit Support 
Annex) and, upon such delivery, the Swap Counterparty shall transfer to or to the 
order of the Issuer an amount of the Original Collateral equal to that comprised in the 
Issuer’s Credit Support Balance (VM); 
(B) 
on the date of delivery of the New Original Collateral where a Repo Agreement is 
applicable to the Notes, the Issuer and the Repo Counterparty shall make such 
payments and deliveries as are necessary to enable the Issuer to hold the Original 
Collateral; and 
(C) 
on the date of delivery of the New Original Collateral where an SL Agreement is 
applicable to the Notes, the Issuer and the SL Counterparty shall make such 
payments and deliveries as are necessary to enable the Issuer to hold the Original 
Collateral.

--- Page 158 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
158
(iii) 
Subject to the conditions specified in paragraph (i) above having been satisfied and subject 
to the Custodian having confirmed to the Issuer that it has received (A) the New Original 
Collateral from (or procured by) the Instructing Noteholders and (B) the Original Collateral 
previously comprised in the Issuer’s Credit Support Balance (VM) pursuant to the Credit 
Support Annex, in each case on behalf of the Issuer, the Issuer shall deliver, assign or 
otherwise transfer the Original Collateral (or cause the same to be delivered, assigned or 
otherwise transferred) to or to the order of the Instructing Noteholders. The Security created 
over the Original Collateral as described in Condition 5(a) (Security) will automatically be 
released with effect from the date of delivery of the New Original Collateral without further 
action on the part of the Trustee. 
(iv) 
Where the Original Collateral is to be delivered, assigned or otherwise transferred to the 
Instructing Noteholders, each Instructing Noteholder shall be entitled to receive an 
Instructing Noteholder Proportion. If the principal amount (after rounding) of Original 
Collateral to be delivered to an Instructing Noteholder is not by the terms of the Original 
Collateral capable of being delivered, assigned or otherwise transferred, the principal 
amount of Original Collateral to be delivered to such Instructing Noteholder (an “Affected 
Instructing Noteholder”) shall be the Deliverable Original Collateral Amount. In such 
circumstances, the resultant shortfall below the amount that would have been delivered, 
assigned or transferred had it not been for such rounding shall be satisfied by the payment 
of a Deliverable Cash Amount in accordance with paragraph (v) below. 
(v) 
If the sum of the Deliverable Original Collateral Amounts relating to all Instructing 
Noteholders is less than the total principal amount of the Original Collateral as at the date 
of the Original Collateral Substitution Notice, a principal amount of the Original Collateral 
equal to such aggregate shortfall (the “Aggregate Undeliverable Original Collateral 
Amount”) shall be Liquidated in accordance with Condition 13 (Liquidation), provided that 
for such purpose the Liquidation Period shall be the period from and including the day on 
which the Disposal Agent is notified that the Issuer has received the Original Collateral 
Substitution Notice to and including the proposed date of substitution. The Issuer shall 
promptly notify the Disposal Agent that such Liquidation is required upon becoming aware 
that there is an Aggregate Undeliverable Original Collateral Amount. Notwithstanding 
Condition 15 (Application of Available Proceeds), the proceeds of such Liquidation shall be 
applied towards payment to each Affected Instructing Noteholder of its Deliverable Cash 
Amount. 
(vi) 
In order to receive delivery of the relevant Deliverable Original Collateral Amount and 
payment of the relevant Deliverable Cash Amount, each Instructing Noteholder must 
deposit the relevant Note or the Certificate (if any) relating to such Note with any Paying 
Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (in the case of 
Registered Notes) at its Specified Office and must supply to the Issuer and the Custodian 
such evidence of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes held by such Instructing 
Noteholder as the Issuer may require. The following shall, without limitation, constitute 
evidence satisfactory to the Issuer: 
(A) 
if the Notes are Definitive Bearer Notes, confirmation that all unmatured Coupons 
and/or Receipts (if any) appertaining to such Note(s) have been deposited with the 
relevant Paying Agent (or an indemnity from each Instructing Noteholder in respect 
of any unmatured Coupons and/or Receipts (if any) not so surrendered as the Issuer 
may require); or 
(B) 
if the Notes are in global form held in a clearing system, a certificate or other 
document issued by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the principal

--- Page 159 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
159
amount of the Notes standing to the credit of the account of the person entitled to a 
portion thereof (a “Relevant Accountholder”) confirming that such Relevant 
Accountholder has undertaken to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg expressly 
for the benefit of the Issuer that it will not sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of its 
Notes (or any of them) or any interest therein at any time on or prior to the date of 
delivery of the Original Collateral, 
together with, in either case, confirmation from the Paying Agent, Registrar or Transfer 
Agent (as relevant) that the relevant Instructing Noteholder has deposited the relevant 
Notes (or in respect of Registered Notes, the Certificate(s) relating thereto) with it. 
A holder of Notes in definitive form, at the same time as depositing such Notes (or in 
respect of Registered Notes, the Certificate(s) relating thereto) together with all unmatured 
Coupons and/or Receipts (if any) appertaining thereto, with the Paying Agent, Registrar or 
Transfer Agent (as relevant), shall specify to the Paying Agent, Registrar or Transfer Agent 
(as relevant) its instructions concerning the delivery, assignment or other form of transfer to 
it, or any nominee for it, of the relevant Deliverable Original Collateral Amount and the 
payment of the Deliverable Cash Amount (if any) to which it is entitled and the Paying 
Agent, Registrar or Transfer Agent (as relevant) shall forthwith notify the Issuer, the 
Custodian, the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty and the SL Counterparty of 
such instructions. 
If the Notes are in global form and held in a clearing system, each Relevant Accountholder 
shall notify the Issuer, the Custodian, the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty and 
the SL Counterparty of its instructions concerning the delivery, assignment or other form of 
transfer to it, or any nominee for it, of the relevant Deliverable Original Collateral Amount 
and the payment of the Deliverable Cash Amount (if any) to which it is entitled, which 
instructions must be submitted to the Issuer, the Custodian, the Swap Counterparty, the 
Repo Counterparty and the SL Counterparty together with the certificate or other document 
to be provided by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in 
accordance with the preceding paragraphs of this paragraph (vi). 
(vii) 
On receipt of such evidence by the Issuer and the Custodian and subject to each of the 
foregoing, the terms and conditions of the Original Collateral and to all applicable laws, 
regulations and directives, the Deliverable Original Collateral Amount shall be delivered, 
assigned or transferred to an account with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, in 
accordance with the instructions given by the Instructing Noteholders. Any stamp duty or 
other tax payable in respect of the transfer of such Original Collateral shall be the 
responsibility of, and payable by, the relevant transferee. If an Aggregate Undeliverable 
Original Collateral Amount exists, the relevant Deliverable Cash Amount(s) shall be paid on 
the date falling two Reference Business Days after receipt of the aggregate proceeds of 
such Liquidation by the Disposal Agent to an account with Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as may be specified by the Instructing Noteholders. 
(viii) 
With respect to a Series for which a substitution has been effected in accordance with this 
Condition 5(c), with effect from the relevant substitution date, (A) references to “Original 
Collateral” shall be read and construed as including the “New Original Collateral” and (B) 
the New Original Collateral will be subject to the Security created pursuant to the Trust 
Deed in favour of the Trustee for the benefit of all Noteholders (including Instructing 
Noteholders and non-Instructing Noteholders) in respect of such Series.

--- Page 160 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
160
(d) 
Disposal Agent’s Right Following Liquidation Event
Notwithstanding Conditions 5(a) (Security) and 5(b) (Issuer’s Rights as Beneficial Owner of 
Collateral), following a Liquidation Commencement Notice having been given to the Disposal 
Agent (copied to each of the other Transaction Parties), the Disposal Agent on behalf of the Issuer 
(or on a principal-to-principal basis with the Issuer, as contemplated in Condition 13(b) 
(Liquidation Process)) shall undertake any action as contemplated by the Conditions and the 
Agency Agreement as it considers appropriate, and any actions in furtherance thereof or ancillary 
thereto as they relate to the relevant Mortgaged Property, without requiring any sanction referred 
to therein. Pursuant to the terms of the Trust Deed, upon a Liquidation Commencement Notice 
having been given to the Disposal Agent (copied to each of the other Transaction Parties), the 
Security described in Condition 5(a) (Security) will automatically be released without further action 
on the part of the Trustee to the extent necessary to effect the Liquidation of the Collateral, 
provided that nothing in this Condition 5(d) will operate to release the charges and other security 
interests over the proceeds of the Liquidation of the Collateral or over any Mortgaged Property not 
subject to such Liquidation. 
(e) 
Credit Support Annex 
If, in respect of a Series, “Credit Support Annex” is specified as “Applicable” in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions then the Issuer will enter into a Credit Support Annex under the Swap 
Agreement relating to such Series.  
Pursuant to the Credit Support Annex: 
(i) 
if “Applicable - Payable by Issuer” is specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions, the 
Issuer shall, if required in accordance with the terms of the Credit Support Annex, transfer 
from time to time some or all of the Collateral to the Swap Counterparty; 
(ii) 
if “Applicable - Payable by Swap Counterparty” is specified in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions, the Swap Counterparty shall, if required in accordance with the terms of the 
Credit Support Annex, transfer from time to time collateral (which satisfies the eligibility 
requirements in the Credit Support Annex) to the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
if “Applicable - Payable by Issuer and Swap Counterparty” is specified in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions, the Issuer shall, if required in accordance with the terms of the 
Credit Support Annex, transfer from time to time some or all of the Collateral to the Swap 
Counterparty and the Swap Counterparty shall also, if required in accordance with the 
terms of the Credit Support Annex, transfer from time to time collateral (which satisfies the 
eligibility requirements in the Credit Support Annex) to the Issuer.  
Collateral transferred by the Issuer pursuant to the Credit Support Annex will be deemed to be 
released by the Trustee from the Security described in Condition 5(a) (Security) immediately prior 
to the delivery or transfer of such Collateral by or on behalf of the Issuer to the Swap 
Counterparty. 
(f) 
Repo Agreement
If, in respect of a Series, “Repo” is specified as “Applicable” in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions then the Issuer will enter into a Repo Transaction under the GMRA Master Agreement 
relating to such Series.  
Pursuant to the Repo Agreement: 
(i) 
if “Applicable – Reverse Repo” is specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions, the 
Issuer shall purchase securities (for the purpose of this Condition 5(f)(i), the “Repo

--- Page 161 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
161
Purchased Securities”) from the Repo Counterparty (which shall constitute Repo Posted 
Collateral) on or around the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Series and agrees to sell 
securities equivalent to the Repo Purchased Securities to the Repo Counterparty on or 
around the Maturity Date; or  
(ii) 
if “Applicable – Repo and Reverse Repo” is specified in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions, (A) the Issuer shall sell the Original Collateral to the Repo Counterparty on or 
around the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Series and agrees to purchase securities 
equivalent to the Original Collateral from the Repo Counterparty on or prior to the Maturity 
Date, (B) the Issuer shall purchase securities (for the purpose of this Condition 5(f)(ii), the 
“Repo Purchased Securities”) from the Repo Counterparty (which shall constitute Repo 
Posted Collateral) on or around the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Series and agrees 
to sell securities equivalent to the Repo Purchased Securities to the Repo Counterparty on 
or prior to the Maturity Date and (C) the Repo Counterparty’s obligation to pay the 
purchase price for the Original Collateral and the Issuer’s obligation to pay the purchase 
price for the Repo Purchased Securities on or around the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
the Series shall be netted against each other and the obligations to pay the purchase price 
for each set of equivalent securities on or prior to the Maturity Date shall be netted against 
each other. 
Collateral transferred by the Issuer pursuant to the Repo Agreement will be deemed to be 
released by the Trustee from the Security described in Condition 5(a) (Security) immediately prior 
to the delivery or transfer of such Collateral by or on behalf of the Issuer to the Repo 
Counterparty. 
(g) 
SL Agreement
If, in respect of a Series, “SL Agreement” is specified as “Applicable” in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions then the Issuer will enter into an SL Transaction under the GMSLA Master Agreement 
relating to such Series. 
Collateral transferred by the Issuer pursuant to the SL Agreement will be deemed to be released 
by the Trustee from the Security described in Condition 5(a) (Security) immediately prior to the 
delivery or transfer of such Collateral by or on behalf of the Issuer to the SL Counterparty. 
6 
Restrictions 
Without prejudice to Notes or Obligations issued by the Irish Issuer pursuant to a principal trust deed (in 
respect of each such issuance, the "Relevant Principal Trust Deed") which may be amended, 
repurchased or restructured in accordance with the terms of such Relevant Principal Trust Deed, so long 
as any Note is outstanding, the Issuer shall not, without the prior consent in writing of the Trustee or the 
sanction of an Extraordinary Resolution or the prior consent in writing of the Swap Counterparty and (in 
each case with respect to paragraph (o)) a Rating Agency Affirmation from each Rating Agency then 
rating the outstanding Notes at the request of the Issuer, but subject to the provisions of Condition 13 
(Liquidation) and except as provided for or contemplated in the Conditions, the Trust Deed, any other 
Security Document or any other Transaction Document: 
(a) 
engage in any business other than the issuance or entry into of Obligations, the entry into of 
related agreements and transactions, the acquisition and holding of related assets and the 
performing of acts incidental thereto or necessary in connection therewith, and provided that: 
(i) 
such Obligations are secured on assets of the Issuer other than any fees paid to the Issuer 
(for its own account) in connection with the Notes or other Obligations and any assets 
securing any other Obligations (other than Equivalent Obligations);

--- Page 162 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
162
(ii) 
such Obligations and any related agreements (A) contain provisions that limit the recourse 
of any holder of, or counterparty to, such Obligations and of any party to any related 
agreement to assets other than those to which any other Obligations (other than Equivalent 
Obligations) have recourse and (B) contain provisions preventing any persons from 
instituting any form of insolvency or similar proceedings with respect to the Issuer or any of 
its directors; and 
(iii) 
the terms of such Obligations comply with all applicable laws;  
(b) 
sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of the Mortgaged Property or any right or interest therein 
or create any mortgage, charge or other security or right of recourse in respect thereof; 
(c) 
cause or permit the priority of the Security created by the Trust Deed or any other Security 
Document to be amended, terminated or discharged; 
(d) 
have any subsidiaries (although the Jersey Issuer may establish branches in jurisdictions other 
than its jurisdiction of incorporation); 
(e) 
(i) consent to, cause or permit any amendment or termination of (for the avoidance of doubt, 
subject to Conditions 9(c) (Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event), 9(i) (Occurrence of an Original 
Collateral Disruption Event), 12(c) (FATCA Amendments), 21(b) (Swap/Repo/Securities Lending 
Amendments) and 21(c) (Regulatory Requirement Amendments) and clauses 4.5 (FATCA 
Amendments), 7.1.31 (Termination of the Swap Agreement), 7.1.32 (Termination of the Repo 
Agreement), 7.1.33 (Termination of the SL Agreement), 13.2 (Appointment or Replacement 
Amendments), 13.3 (Swap/Repo/Securities Lending Amendments), 13.4 (Regulatory Requirement 
Amendments), 13.6 (Amendments following occurrence of a Reference Rate Event) and 13.7 
(Amendments following occurrence of an Original Collateral Disruption Event) of the Trust Deed) 
the Trust Deed, the Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement, the SL Agreement, the Conditions, 
any other Security Document or any other Transaction Document, provided that, where a waiver 
by the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty or the SL Counterparty would constitute an 
amendment, each of the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty and the SL Counterparty 
may waive its rights under the Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement and the SL Agreement (as 
applicable) (whether to receipt of payments or otherwise and whether by way of variation or 
forbearance) and no consent of the Trustee shall be required, or (ii) exercise any powers of 
consent, release or waiver pursuant to the terms of the Trust Deed, the Swap Agreement, the 
Repo Agreement, the SL Agreement, the Conditions, any other Security Document or any other 
Transaction Document; 
(f) 
consolidate or merge with any other person or convey or transfer its properties or assets 
substantially as an entirety to any person; 
(g) 
have any employees; 
(h) 
issue any shares (other than such shares as are in issue at the date hereof); 
(i) 
open or have any interest in any account with a bank or financial institution unless:  
(A)  
(I) with respect to Notes issued by the Jersey Issuer only, such account relates to the 
issuance or entry into of Obligations and, in the case of any accounts other than an account 
opened with Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Tokyo Branch relating to 
Obligations in the form of Japanese law governed loans, such Obligations have the benefit 
of security over the Issuer’s interest in such account or (II) with respect to Notes issued by 
the Irish Issuer only, such account relates to the issuance or entry into of Obligations and 
such Obligations have the benefit of security over the Issuer’s interest in such account; or

--- Page 163 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
163
(B)  
such account is opened in connection with the administration and management of the 
Issuer and only moneys necessary for that purpose are credited to it (which, for the 
avoidance of doubt, includes (I) each cash account used solely for the purpose of holding 
amounts that are to be used in paying costs of, or incurred by or on behalf of, the Issuer 
with respect to the Programme generally (and not solely with respect to a particular Series), 
(II) any central expenses account opened in respect of a Dealer (and, where relevant, 
Affiliates thereof) and (III) the account opened to hold the issued and paid-up share capital 
of the Issuer); 
(j) 
declare any distributions or dividends (other than in relation to such shares as are in issue at the 
date hereof); 
(k) 
purchase, own, lease or otherwise acquire any real property (including office premises or like 
facilities); 
(l) 
guarantee, act as surety for or become obligated for the debts of any other entity or person or 
enter into any agreement with any other entity or person whereby it agrees to satisfy the 
obligations of such entity or person or any other entity or person; 
(m) 
acquire any securities or shareholdings whatsoever from its shareholders or enter into any 
agreements whereby it would be acquiring the obligations and/or liabilities of its shareholders; 
(n) 
except as is required in connection with the issuance or entry into of Obligations, advance or lend 
any of its moneys or assets, including, but not limited to, the Mortgaged Property, to any other 
entity or person; or 
(o) 
approve, sanction or propose any amendment to its constitutional documents other than where 
such amendment is required by applicable law. 
7 
Interest
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its aggregate principal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of 
Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of 
interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 7(g) (Interest Payable). 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes
(i) 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its aggregate principal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate 
of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The 
amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 7(g) (Interest 
Payable).  
(ii) 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Period shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with either:  
(A) 
Condition 7(b)(iii) (ISDA Rate: 2006 ISDA Definitions), if “ISDA Rate: 2006 ISDA 
Definitions” is specified as the “Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are 
determined” in the applicable Accessory Conditions; or  
(B) 
Condition 7(b)(iv) (ISDA Rate: 2021 ISDA Definitions), if “ISDA Rate: 2021 ISDA 
Definitions” is specified as the “Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are 
determined” in the applicable Accessory Conditions,

--- Page 164 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
164
unless the Notes are issued by way of Pricing Terms specifying a different basis of 
determination, in which case the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period shall be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Pricing Terms. 
(iii) 
ISDA Rate: 2006 ISDA Definitions 
Where “ISDA Rate: 2006 ISDA Definitions” is specified as the “Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are determined” in the applicable Accessory Conditions, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will be a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate, subject as provided 
in Condition 7(f) (Margin). 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(b)(iii), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Period means a rate 
equal to the “Floating Rate” that would be determined by the Calculation Agent in respect of 
an equivalent period under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(A) 
the “Floating Rate Option” is as specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions, 
provided that:  
(x) 
if such rate is an “Overnight Floating Rate Option”, the provisions set out in 
Condition 7(b)(iii)(I) (Provisions relating to Overnight Floating Rate Options) 
below may also apply; and  
(y) 
if such rate is an “Index Floating Rate Option”, the provisions set out in 
Condition 7(b)(iii)(II) (Provisions relating to Index Floating Rate Options) 
below may also apply; 
(B) 
the “Designated Maturity” (if required) is a period specified in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions, provided that there shall be no Designated Maturity if the 
Floating Rate Option specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions is an 
Overnight Floating Rate Option; 
(C) 
the relevant “Reset Date” is as specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions; 
(D) 
“Average Rate Fixing Day” shall be not applicable, unless the relevant Floating Rate 
Option specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions is a Published Average Rate 
in which case it shall be as specified in such Accessory Conditions;  
(E) 
“Delayed Payment” shall be applicable if specified as such in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions; and 
(F) 
Section 8.3 (Linear Interpolation) of the 2006 ISDA Definitions shall only apply if a 
Designated Maturity is specified and “Linear Interpolation” is specified as “Applicable 
- 2006 ISDA Definitions”, in each case in the applicable Accessory Conditions, 
provided that Section 8.3 (Linear Interpolation) shall not apply if the Floating Rate 
Option specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions is an Overnight Floating 
Rate Option. 
For the purposes of determining the relevant ISDA Rate for a Reset Date, if an applicable 
rate has not been published on the relevant screen page (or any successor thereto) and:  
- 
a Reference Rate Event has not occurred, then (1) the Calculation Agent will apply 
the provisions of the 2006 ISDA Definitions relating to the Floating Rate Option to 
determine the “Floating Rate” and (2) if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine 
a rate pursuant to such provisions, it shall determine the ISDA Rate for such Reset 
Date acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner; or

--- Page 165 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
165
- 
a Reference Rate Event has occurred, the provisions of Conditions 9(c) (Occurrence 
of a Reference Rate Event) and 9(d) (Specific Provisions for Certain Reference 
Rates) shall apply.  
For the purposes of this Condition 7(b)(iii), unless otherwise specified in the Conditions, all 
capitalised terms used for the purpose of determining the relevant ISDA Rate shall have 
the meanings given to those terms in the 2006 ISDA Definitions. 
(I) 
Provisions relating to Overnight Floating Rate Options 
If in the applicable Accessory Conditions (A) the Floating Rate Option is specified to 
be 
an 
Overnight 
Floating 
Rate 
Option 
and 
(B) 
an 
Overnight 
Rate 
Compounding/Averaging Method is specified as applicable, then the rate for a Reset 
Date will be determined using the applicable Overnight Floating Rate Option in 
accordance with such Overnight Rate Compounding/Averaging Method (which shall 
be one of the Overnight Rate Compounding Methods or the Overnight Rate 
Averaging Methods listed below, as specified in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions). 
(1) 
Overnight Rate Compounding Method 
Where “Overnight Rate Compounding Method” is specified as the applicable 
Overnight Rate Compounding/Averaging Method, one of the following options 
will be elected in the applicable Accessory Conditions as the applicable 
Overnight Rate Compounding Method: 
(w) 
“OIS Compounding”; 
(x) 
“Compounding with Lookback” (for which purpose, Lookback is the 
number of Applicable Business Days specified in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions); 
(y) 
“Compounding with Observation Period Shift” (for which purpose, (i) 
Set-in-Advance is applicable if specified as such in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions, (ii) Observation Period Shift is the number of 
Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions and (iii) Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days are the days, if any, specified in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions); or 
(z) 
“Compounding with Lockout” (for which purpose, (i) Lockout is the 
number of Lockout Period Business Days specified in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions and (ii) Lockout Period Business Days are the 
days specified as such in the applicable Accessory Conditions). 
For the purposes of each Overnight Rate Compounding Method: 
- 
if a “Daily Capped Rate” and/or a “Daily Floored Rate” is specified in 
the applicable Accessory Conditions, then the rate(s) so specified shall 
apply as such; and 
- 
the relevant “Day Count Basis” shall be as specified in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions.

--- Page 166 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
166
(2) 
Overnight Rate Averaging Method 
Where “Overnight Rate Averaging Method” is specified as the applicable 
Overnight Rate Compounding/Averaging Method, one of the following options 
will be elected in the applicable Accessory Conditions as the applicable 
Overnight Rate Averaging Method: 
(w) 
“Overnight Averaging”; 
(x) 
“Averaging with Lookback” (for which purpose, Lookback is the number 
of Applicable Business Days specified in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions); 
(y) 
“Averaging with Observation Period Shift” (for which purpose, (i) Set-in-
Advance is applicable if specified as such in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions, (ii) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation 
Period Shift Business Days specified in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions and (iii) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days 
are the days, if any, specified as such in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions); or 
(z) 
“Averaging with Lockout” (for which purpose, (i) Lockout is the number 
of Lockout Period Business Days specified in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions and (ii) Lockout Period Business Days are the days 
specified as such in the applicable Accessory Conditions). 
For the purposes of each Overnight Rate Averaging Method, if a “Daily 
Capped Rate” and/or a “Daily Floored Rate” is specified in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions, then the rate(s) so specified shall apply as such. 
(II) 
Provisions relating to Index Floating Rate Options
If in the applicable Accessory Conditions (A) the Floating Rate Option is specified to 
be an Index Floating Rate Option and (B) an “Index Method” is specified as 
applicable, then the rate for a Reset Date will be determined using the applicable 
Index Floating Rate Option in accordance with such Index Method, being one of the 
following methods listed below: 
(1) 
“Compounded Index Method”;  
(2) 
“Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift” (for which 
purpose (i) Set-in-Advance is applicable if specified as such in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions, (ii) Observation Period Shift is the number of 
Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions and (iii) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days are the 
days, if any, specified as such in the applicable Accessory Conditions); or 
(3) 
“All-In Compounded Index Method” (for which purpose each of “Index 
LevelSTART” and “Index LevelEND” are the levels specified in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions). 
For the purposes of each Index Method, the relevant “Day Count Basis” shall be as 
specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions.

--- Page 167 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
167
(III) 
References in the 2006 ISDA Definitions 
In connection with any Overnight Rate Compounding/Averaging Method or Index 
Method specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions for the purposes of “ISDA 
Rate: 2006 ISDA Definitions”, references in the 2006 ISDA Definitions to: 
(1) 
numbers, financial centres or other items “specified in the Confirmation” shall 
be deemed to be references to the numbers, financial centres or other items 
specified for such purpose in the applicable Accessory Conditions; 
(2) 
“Business Day in the financial centres, if any, specified for such purpose in 
the Confirmation” shall be deemed to be references to a day that is a 
Reference Business Day; 
(3) 
“Calculation Period” shall be deemed to be references to the relevant Interest 
Period; 
(4) 
“Confirmation” shall be deemed to be references to the applicable Accessory 
Conditions; 
(5) 
“Effective Date” shall be deemed to be references to the Interest 
Commencement Date; 
(6) 
“Floating Rate Day Count Fraction” shall be deemed to be references to Day 
Count Fraction; 
(7) 
“Payment Date” shall be deemed to be references to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date; 
(8) 
“Period End Date” shall be deemed to be references to the relevant Interest 
Period End Date; and 
(9) 
“Termination Date” shall be deemed to be references to the final Interest 
Period End Date.  
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 2006 ISDA Definitions: 
(x) 
any requirement under the 2006 ISDA Definitions for the Calculation Agent 
(under the 2006 ISDA Definitions) (A) to give notice of a determination made 
by it to any other party or (B) to consult with the other party or the parties, will, 
in each case, be ignored. In addition, the right of any party under the 2006 
ISDA Definitions to require the Calculation Agent (under the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions) to take any action or fulfil any responsibility will be deemed to be 
solely the right of the Issuer to require this of the Calculation Agent in its 
discretion and no Noteholder will have any right to require the Issuer to do this 
or to direct the Calculation Agent in this regard; 
(y) 
where the 2006 ISDA Definitions require agreement between the parties to 
the relevant transaction, the parties will be deemed to have been unable to 
reach agreement and the fallback applicable in such circumstances will be 
deemed to apply; and 
(z) 
in the event that the Calculation Agent determines that any Fixing Day or 
other day on which an ISDA Rate is determined under the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions is less than two Reference Business Days prior to an Interest 
Payment Date (having, for the avoidance of doubt, accounted for the 
application of any delay to such Interest Payment Date where “Delayed

--- Page 168 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
168
Payment” applies), it may determine that such Interest Payment Date be 
delayed to a date falling not more than two Reference Business Days after 
the relevant Fixing Day or other day on which such ISDA Rate is determined, 
provided that Noteholders shall not be entitled to any further interest or other 
payment in respect of such delay. 
If any adjustment, fallback, modification, correction or replacement of a relevant rate 
applies pursuant to the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the interest rate swap transaction 
thereunder then, in relation thereto, the Calculation Agent may but shall not be 
required to:  
- 
if it would not otherwise apply in relation to the determination of the ISDA 
Rate in accordance with the above provisions, take into account any such 
adjustment, fallback, modification, correction or replacement (including by 
reference to any hedging arrangements for the Notes, Swap Transaction(s), 
Repo Transaction(s) and/or SL Transaction(s)) in determining the relevant 
ISDA Rate; and  
- 
make any related or consequential changes to the Conditions, Swap 
Agreement, Repo Agreement and/or SL Agreement not otherwise provided 
for in this Condition 7(b)(iii) (including, without limitation, any technical, 
administrative or operational changes, changes to the definition of Interest 
Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of 
interest and changes to the definition of Designated Maturity (where 
applicable)) that it determines to be appropriate in a manner substantially 
consistent with market practice (or, if it decides that the adoption of any 
portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if it 
determines that no appropriate market practice exists, in such other manner 
as it determines is reasonably necessary). 
(iv) 
ISDA Rate: 2021 ISDA Definitions 
Where “ISDA Rate: 2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified as the “Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are determined” in the applicable Accessory Conditions, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will be a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate, subject as provided 
in Condition 7(f) (Margin). 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(b)(iv), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Period means a rate 
equal to the “Floating Rate” that would be determined by the Calculation Agent in respect of 
an equivalent period under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the 2021 ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(A) 
the “Floating Rate Option” is as specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions, 
provided that:  
(x) 
if such rate is an “Overnight Floating Rate Option”, the provisions set out in 
Condition 7(b)(iv)(I) (Provisions relating to Overnight Floating Rate Options) 
below may also apply; and  
(y) 
if such rate is an “Index Floating Rate Option”, the provisions set out in 
Condition 7(b)(iv)(II) (Provisions relating to Index Floating Rate Options) 
below may also apply; 
(B) 
the “Designated Maturity” (if required) is a period specified in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions, provided that there shall be no Designated Maturity if the

--- Page 169 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
169
Floating Rate Option specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions is an 
Overnight Floating Rate Option; 
(C) 
the relevant “Reset Date” is as specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions; 
(D) 
the “Fixing Day” is as specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions; 
(E) 
the “Fixing Time” is as specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions; 
(F) 
“Delayed Payment” shall be applicable if specified as such in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions; 
(G) 
“Successor Benchmark” and “Successor Benchmark Effective Date” will be as 
specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions; and 
(H) 
Section 6.10 (Linear Interpolation) of the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall only apply if a 
Designated Maturity is specified and “Linear Interpolation” is specified as “Applicable 
- 2021 ISDA Definitions”, in each case in the applicable Accessory Conditions, and 
for which purpose “Non-Representative” will apply if specified as applicable in the 
applicable Accessory Conditions, provided that Section 6.10 (Linear Interpolation) 
shall not apply if the Floating Rate Option specified in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions is an Overnight Floating Rate Option. 
For the purposes of determining the relevant ISDA Rate for a Reset Date, if an applicable 
rate has not been published on the relevant screen page (or any successor thereto) and:  
- 
a Reference Rate Event has not occurred, then (1) the Calculation Agent will apply 
the provisions of the 2021 ISDA Definitions relating to the Floating Rate Option to 
determine the “Floating Rate” and (2) if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine 
a rate pursuant to such provisions, it shall determine the ISDA Rate for such Reset 
Date acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner; or 
- 
a Reference Rate Event has occurred, the provisions of Conditions 9(c) (Occurrence 
of a Reference Rate Event) and 9(d) (Specific Provisions for Certain Reference 
Rates) shall apply.  
For the purposes of this Condition 7(b)(iv), unless otherwise specified in the Conditions, all 
capitalised terms used for the purpose of determining the relevant ISDA Rate shall have 
the meanings given to those terms in the 2021 ISDA Definitions. 
(I) 
Provisions relating to Overnight Floating Rate Options 
If in the applicable Accessory Conditions (A) the Floating Rate Option is specified to 
be 
an 
Overnight 
Floating 
Rate 
Option 
and 
(B) 
an 
Overnight 
Rate 
Compounding/Averaging Method is specified as applicable, then the rate for a Reset 
Date will be determined using the applicable Overnight Floating Rate Option in 
accordance with such Overnight Rate Compounding/Averaging Method (which shall 
be one of the Overnight Rate Compounding Methods or the Overnight Rate 
Averaging Methods listed below, as specified in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions). 
(1) 
Overnight Rate Compounding Method 
Where “Overnight Rate Compounding Method” is specified as the applicable 
Overnight Rate Compounding/Averaging Method, one of the following options 
will be elected in the applicable Accessory Conditions as the applicable 
Overnight Rate Compounding Method:

--- Page 170 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
170
(v) 
“OIS Compounding”; 
(w) 
“Compounding with Lookback” (for which purpose, Lookback is the 
number of Applicable Business Days specified in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions); 
(x) 
“Compounding with Observation Period Shift” (for which purpose, (i) 
Set-in-Advance is applicable if specified as such in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions, (ii) Observation Period Shift is the number of 
Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions and (iii) Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days are the days, if any, specified in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions); 
(y) 
“Compounding with Lockout” (for which purpose, (i) Lockout is the 
number of Lockout Period Business Days specified in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions and (ii) Lockout Period Business Days are the 
days specified as such in the applicable Accessory Conditions); or 
(z) 
any other compounding method specified in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions. 
For the purposes of each Overnight Rate Compounding Method: 
- 
if a “Daily Capped Rate” and/or a “Daily Floored Rate” is specified in 
the applicable Accessory Conditions, then the rate(s) so specified shall 
apply as such; and 
- 
the relevant “Day Count Basis” shall be as specified in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions. 
(2) 
Overnight Rate Averaging Method 
Where “Overnight Rate Averaging Method” is specified as the applicable 
Overnight Rate Compounding/Averaging Method, one of the following options 
will be elected in the applicable Accessory Conditions as the applicable 
Overnight Rate Averaging Method: 
(v) 
“Overnight Averaging”; 
(w) 
“Averaging with Lookback” (for which purpose, Lookback is the number 
of Applicable Business Days specified in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions); 
(x) 
“Averaging with Observation Period Shift” (for which purpose, (i) Set-in-
Advance is applicable if specified as such in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions, (ii) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation 
Period Shift Business Days specified in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions and (iii) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days 
are the days, if any, specified as such in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions); 
(y) 
“Averaging with Lockout” (for which purpose, (i) Lockout is the number 
of Lockout Period Business Days specified in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions and (ii) Lockout Period Business Days are the days 
specified as such in the applicable Accessory Conditions); or

--- Page 171 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
171
(z) 
any other averaging method specified in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions. 
For the purposes of each Overnight Rate Averaging Method, if a “Daily 
Capped Rate” and/or a “Daily Floored Rate” is specified in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions, then the rate(s) so specified shall apply as such. 
(II) 
Provisions relating to Index Floating Rate Options 
If in the applicable Accessory Conditions (A) the Floating Rate Option is specified to 
be an Index Floating Rate Option and (B) an Index Method is specified as 
applicable. then the rate for a Reset Date will be determined using the applicable 
Index Floating Rate Option in accordance with such Index Method, being one of the 
following methods listed below: 
(1) 
“Standard Index Method”; 
(2) 
“All-In Compounded Index Method”; 
(3) 
“Compounded Index Method”; 
(4) 
“Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift” (for which 
purpose (i) Set-in-Advance is applicable if specified as such in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions, (ii) Observation Period Shift is the number of 
Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions and (iii) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days are the 
days, if any, specified as such in the applicable Accessory Conditions); or 
(5) 
any other method specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions, 
provided that in respect of any Index Floating Rate Option that is specified as the 
Floating Rate Option in the applicable Accessory Conditions and included in the 
Floating Rate Matrix Publication Version of the Floating Rate Matrix for which “Style: 
Compounded Index” is specified, unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions, the Index Method will be Compounded Index Method. 
For the purposes of each Index Method, the relevant “Day Count Basis” shall be as 
specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions. 
(III) 
References in the 2021 ISDA Definitions 
In connection with any Overnight Rate Compounding/Averaging Method or Index 
Method specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions for the purposes of “ISDA 
Rate: 2021 ISDA Definitions”, references in the 2021 ISDA Definitions to: 
(1) 
numbers, financial centres or other items “specified in the Confirmation” shall 
be deemed to be references to the numbers, financial centres or other items 
specified for such purpose in the applicable Accessory Conditions; 
(2) 
“Business Day in the financial centres, if any, specified for such purpose in 
the Confirmation” shall be deemed to be references to a day that is a 
Reference Business Day; 
(3) 
“Calculation Period” shall be deemed to be references to the relevant Interest 
Period; 
(4) 
“Confirmation” shall be deemed to be references to the applicable Accessory 
Conditions;

--- Page 172 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
172
(5) 
“Effective Date” shall be deemed to be references to the Interest 
Commencement Date; 
(6) 
“Floating Rate Day Count Fraction” shall be deemed to be references to Day 
Count Fraction; 
(7) 
“Payment Date” shall be deemed to be references to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date; 
(8) 
“Period End Date” shall be deemed to be references to the relevant Interest 
Period End Date; and 
(9) 
“Termination Date” shall be deemed to be references to the final Interest 
Period End Date.  
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 2021 ISDA Definitions: 
(w) 
any requirement under the 2021 ISDA Definitions for the Calculation Agent 
(under the 2021 ISDA Definitions) (A) to give notice of a determination made 
by it to any other party or (B) to consult with the other party or the parties, will, 
in each case, be ignored. In addition, the right of any party under the 2021 
ISDA Definitions to require the Calculation Agent (under the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions) to take any action or fulfil any responsibility will be deemed to be 
solely the right of the Issuer to require this of the Calculation Agent in its 
discretion and no Noteholder will have any right to require the Issuer to do this 
or to direct the Calculation Agent in this regard; 
(x) 
where the 2021 ISDA Definitions require agreement between the parties to 
the relevant transaction, the parties will be deemed to have been unable to 
reach agreement and the fallback applicable in such circumstances will be 
deemed to apply; 
(y) 
in the event that the Calculation Agent determines that any Fixing Day or 
other day on which an ISDA Rate is determined under the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions is less than two Reference Business Days prior to an Interest 
Payment Date (having, for the avoidance of doubt, accounted for the 
application of any delay to such Interest Payment Date where “Delayed 
Payment” applies), it may determine that such date for payment be delayed to 
a date falling not more than two Reference Business Days after the relevant 
Fixing Day or other day on which such ISDA Rate is determined, provided 
that Noteholders shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment 
in respect of such delay; and 
(z) 
in the event that the Correction Time Period (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions) applicable to an ISDA Rate ends later than two Reference 
Business Days prior to an Interest Payment Date, any corrections published 
after the second Reference Business Day prior to such Interest Payment Date 
shall be disregarded for the purposes of determining the relevant ISDA Rate. 
If any adjustment, fallback, modification, correction or replacement of a relevant rate 
applies pursuant to the 2021 ISDA Definitions or the interest rate swap transaction 
thereunder then, in relation thereto, the Calculation Agent may but shall not be 
required to:  
- 
if it would not otherwise apply in relation to the determination of the ISDA 
Rate in accordance with the above provisions, take into account any such

--- Page 173 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
173
adjustment, fallback, modification, correction or replacement (including by 
reference to any hedging arrangements for the Notes, Swap Transaction(s), 
Repo Transaction(s) and/or SL Transaction(s)) in determining the relevant 
ISDA Rate; and  
- 
make any related or consequential changes to the Conditions, Swap 
Agreement, Repo Agreement and/or SL Agreement not otherwise provided 
for in this Condition 7(b)(iv) (including, without limitation, any technical, 
administrative or operational changes, changes to the definition of Interest 
Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of 
interest and changes to the definition of Designated Maturity (where 
applicable)) that it determines to be appropriate in a manner substantially 
consistent with market practice (or, if it decides that the adoption of any 
portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if it 
determines that no appropriate market practice exists, in such other manner 
as it determines is reasonably necessary). 
(v) 
If “Linear Interpolation” is specified as: 
(A) 
“Applicable - Standard” in the applicable Accessory Conditions, then the Calculation 
Agent will determine, based on Standard Linear Interpolation, the Rate of Interest for 
any specified Interest Period (or if no Interest Period is specified,–each Interest 
Period not equal to the Designated Maturity (as specified in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions)); 
(B) 
“Applicable - 2006 ISDA Definitions” in the applicable Accessory Conditions, then the 
provisions of Condition 7(b)(iii)(F) shall apply; or 
(C) 
“Applicable - 2021 ISDA Definitions” in the applicable Accessory Conditions, then the 
provisions of Condition 7(b)(iv)(H) shall apply. 
(vi) 
Where in the applicable Accessory Conditions:  
(A) 
“ISDA Rate: 2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified as the “Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are determined”;  
(B) 
either the Modified Following Business Day Convention or the Preceding Business 
Day Convention is specified as applicable with respect to any Interest Payment 
Date, Interest Period End Date or the Maturity Date; 
(C) 
in the case of Interest Payment Dates only, “Interest Payment Date adjustment for 
Unscheduled Holiday” is specified as applicable; and  
(D) 
in the case of Interest Period End Dates or the Maturity Date only, “Interest Period 
End Date/Maturity Date adjustment for Unscheduled Holiday” is specified as 
applicable, 
then, notwithstanding the applicable Business Day Convention specified in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions in respect of any Interest Payment Date, Interest Period End Date or 
the Maturity Date, if any such date would otherwise have fallen on a day that is not a 
Reference Business Day as a result of an Unscheduled Holiday, such date shall instead fall 
on the first following day that is a Reference Business Day. 
For the avoidance of doubt, Noteholders will not be entitled to any additional payment of 
default interest for any delayed payment of interest as a result of an Unscheduled Holiday.

--- Page 174 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
174
(c) 
Variable-linked Interest Rate Notes
(i) 
Each Variable-linked Interest Rate Note bears interest on its aggregate principal amount 
from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with 
Condition 7(g) (Interest Payable). 
(ii) 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Variable-linked Interest Rate Notes (which will only be 
applicable with respect to Notes issued by way of Pricing Terms) for each Interest Period 
shall be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Pricing Terms and interest will 
accrue in accordance with the applicable Pricing Terms. 
(d) 
Zero Coupon Notes
Where a Zero Coupon Note is repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the 
amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount. 
(e) 
Accrual of Interest
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption save that if, upon due 
presentation, payment of the full amount of principal and/or interest due on such due date for 
redemption is improperly withheld or refused, interest will accrue daily on the unpaid amount of 
principal and/or interest (after as well as before judgment and regardless of the Interest Basis) 
from and including the due date for redemption to but excluding the Relevant Date at:  
(i) 
the rate for each day in that period equal to the rate for deposits in the currency in which 
the payment is due to be made for a period of one day, as applicable, or if such rate does 
not appear on the relevant Reuters Screen (or any successor screen page thereto), the 
rate determined by the Calculation Agent; or  
(ii) 
if the Notes are issued by way of Pricing Terms specifying otherwise, such other rate as 
may be specified for such purposes in the applicable Pricing Terms.  
Such interest (the “Default Interest”) shall be compounded daily with respect to the overdue sum 
at the above rate. 
(f) 
Margin
If any “Margin” is specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions (either (i) generally or (ii) in 
relation to one or more Interest Periods), then an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of 
Interest, in the case of (i), or the Rate(s) of Interest for the specified Interest Period(s), in the case 
of (ii), calculated in accordance with Condition 7(g) (Interest Payable) by adding (if a positive 
number) or subtracting (if a negative number) the absolute value of such Margin. 
(g) 
Interest Payable
In respect of Definitive Bearer Notes and Definitive Registered Notes, the interest payable in 
respect of any Note for an Interest Period shall be an amount determined by the Calculation Agent 
equal to the product of:  
(i) 
the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount, as determined in accordance with 
this Condition 7(g); and  
(ii) 
the Calculation Amount Factor of the relevant Note.  
The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any Interest 
Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount and the Day

--- Page 175 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
175
Count Fraction for such Interest Period, unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) 
is applicable to such Interest Period, in which case the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount in respect of such Note for such Interest Period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be 
calculated in accordance with such formula). In respect of any other period for which interest is 
required to be calculated, the provisions above shall apply, save that the Day Count Fraction shall 
be for the period for which interest is required to be calculated and, in respect of Default Interest, 
the Rate of Interest shall be that specified in Condition 7(e) (Accrual of Interest) or the applicable 
Pricing Terms. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in respect of Global Notes and Global Certificates, the interest 
payable in respect of any Note for an Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
in respect of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Global Note or Global Certificate 
(as the case may be). 
In all cases the interest payable in respect of any Note for an Interest Period shall be subject to a 
minimum of zero. 
8 
Redemption and Purchase
(a) 
Final Redemption
Each Note of a Series shall become due and payable on the Maturity Date at its Final Redemption 
Amount or, in the case of a Note falling within Condition 8(b) (Redemption by Instalments), its final 
Instalment Amount. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in respect of Global Notes and Global Certificates, the principal 
payable in respect of any Note shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the 
aggregate principal amount of the Global Note or Global Certificate (as the case may be). 
(b) 
Redemption by Instalments
Each Instalment Note of a Series shall be partially redeemed on each Instalment Date at the 
related Instalment Amount. The aggregate principal amount of each such Note shall be reduced 
by the relevant Instalment Amount (or, if such Instalment Amount is calculated by reference to a 
proportion of the principal amount of such Note, such proportion) for all purposes with effect from 
the related Instalment Date, unless payment of the Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or 
refused, in which case such amount shall remain outstanding until the Relevant Date relating to 
such Instalment Amount. 
(c) 
Redemption upon Original Collateral Default
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Original Collateral Default has occurred in respect of a 
Series and gives notice of such determination (including a description in reasonable detail of the 
facts relevant to such determination) to the Issuer (copied to the Issuing and Paying Agent, the 
Trustee, the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty and the SL Counterparty), then the 
Issuer may (or if so instructed by the Swap Counterparty shall) give an Early Redemption Notice 
to the Noteholders of the Calculation Agent’s determination of the Original Collateral Default as 
soon as is practicable upon being so notified and attach to that a copy of the notice given by the 
Calculation Agent with respect to the Original Collateral Default or include the information 
provided therein and each Note of such Series shall become due and payable on the related Early 
Redemption Date at its Early Redemption Amount (which shall be paid pursuant to 
Condition 15(a) (Application of Available Proceeds of Liquidation) or Condition 15(b) (Application 
of Available Proceeds of Enforcement of Security), as applicable, and which shall be the only 
amount payable in respect of such Note and there will be no separate payment of any unpaid

--- Page 176 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
176
accrued interest thereon). The date on which such Early Redemption Notice is deemed to have 
been given shall be an “Early Redemption Trigger Date”. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Transaction Party shall have any duty to monitor, enquire or satisfy 
itself as to whether any Original Collateral Default has occurred. No Transaction Party shall have 
any obligation to give, nor any responsibility or liability for giving or not giving, any notice to the 
Issuer that an Original Collateral Default has occurred. If the Noteholders provide the relevant 
business unit of the Calculation Agent with details of the circumstances which could constitute an 
Original Collateral Default, the Calculation Agent will consider such notice, but will not be obliged 
to determine that an Original Collateral Default has occurred solely as a result of receipt of such 
notice. If the Calculation Agent gives a notice to the Trustee of the occurrence of an Original 
Collateral Default, the Trustee shall be entitled to rely conclusively on such notice without further 
investigation. 
(d) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons
(i) 
Subject to Condition 8(d)(ii), the Issuer shall, as soon as is practicable after becoming 
aware of the occurrence of a Note Tax Event and/or an Original Collateral Tax Event, give 
an Early Redemption Notice to the Noteholders and each Note of the Series shall become 
due and payable on the related Early Redemption Date at its Early Redemption Amount 
(which shall be paid pursuant to Condition 15(a) (Application of Available Proceeds of 
Liquidation) or Condition 15(b) (Application of Available Proceeds of Enforcement of 
Security), as applicable, and which shall be the only amount payable in respect of such 
Note and there will be no separate payment of any unpaid accrued interest thereon). The 
date on which such Early Redemption Notice is deemed to have been given shall be an 
“Early Redemption Trigger Date”. 
A “Note Tax Event” will occur in respect of a Series if: 
(A) 
the Issuer determines that it will be required by any applicable law to withhold, 
deduct or account for an amount for any present or future taxes, duties or charges of 
whatsoever nature, other than a withholding, deduction or account in respect of an 
Information Reporting Regime, or would suffer the same in respect of its income, so 
that it would be unable to make in full any payment in respect of the Notes when due 
(other than an Original Collateral Tax Event), provided that a Note Tax Event shall 
only occur in such circumstances to the extent that any such tax, duty or charge is 
greater than the Expected Note Withholding Rate; 
(B) 
on the due date for any payment in respect of the Notes, such a withholding, 
deduction or account is actually made in respect of any payment in respect of the 
Notes; or 
(C) 
the Issuer determines that any Noteholder, Couponholder or beneficial owner of 
Notes has failed to provide sufficient forms, documentation or other information in 
accordance with Condition 12(b) (Provision of Information) such that any payment 
received or payable by the Issuer may be subject to a deduction or withholding or 
the Issuer may suffer a fine or penalty, in each case, pursuant to an Information 
Reporting Regime, 
other than where such event constitutes an Original Collateral Tax Event.

--- Page 177 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
177
An “Original Collateral Tax Event” will occur in respect of a Series if the Issuer determines 
that it is or will be: 
(A) 
unable to receive any payment due in respect of any Original Collateral in full on the 
due date therefor without a deduction for or on account of any withholding tax, back-
up withholding or other tax, duties or charges of whatsoever nature imposed by any 
authority of any jurisdiction, provided that an Original Collateral Tax Event shall only 
occur in such circumstances to the extent that any such tax, duty or charge is 
greater than the Expected Original Collateral Withholding Rate; 
(B) 
required to pay any tax, duty or charge of whatsoever nature imposed by any 
authority of any jurisdiction in respect of any payment received in respect of any 
Original Collateral, provided that an Original Collateral Tax Event shall only occur in 
such circumstances to the extent that any such tax, duty or charge is greater than 
the Expected Original Collateral Tax Rate; and/or 
(C) 
required to comply with any reporting requirement (other than in respect of FATCA 
and any other Information Reporting Regime that is not materially more onerous to 
comply with than FATCA) of any authority of any jurisdiction in respect of any 
payment received in respect of any Original Collateral, 
provided that the Issuer, using reasonable efforts prior to the due date for the relevant 
payment, is (or would be) unable to (I) avoid such deduction(s) or payment(s) and/or (II) 
comply with such reporting requirements, in each case described in sub-paragraphs (A) to 
(C) above by filing a valid declaration that it is not a resident of such jurisdiction and/or by 
executing any certificate, form or other document in order to make a claim under a double 
taxation treaty or other exemption available to it. If the action that the Issuer would be 
required to undertake so as to avoid any such deduction(s) or payment(s) and/or comply 
with such reporting requirements would involve any material expense or is, in the sole 
opinion of the Issuer, unduly onerous, the Issuer shall not be required to take any such 
action. Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, a FATCA Withholding on 
payments in respect of any Original Collateral shall constitute an Original Collateral Tax 
Event. For the purposes of this definition, if on the date falling 60 days prior to the 
immediately following date on which a payment will be due under the relevant Original 
Collateral (such 60th day prior being the “FATCA Test Date”), the Issuer is a 
“nonparticipating foreign financial institution” or “nonparticipating FFI” (as such terms are 
used under section 1471 of the Code or in any regulations or guidance thereunder), the 
Issuer will be deemed on the FATCA Test Date to be unable to receive a payment due in 
respect of such Original Collateral in full on the due date therefor without deduction for or 
on account of any withholding tax and, therefore, an Original Collateral Tax Event will have 
occurred on the FATCA Test Date. 
(ii) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the requirement to withhold, deduct or account for any 
present or future taxes, duties or charges of whatsoever nature referred to in paragraph (i) 
above arises solely as a result of any Noteholder’s or Couponholder’s connection with the 
jurisdiction of incorporation of the Issuer otherwise than by reason only of the holding of 
any Note or receiving or being entitled to any payment in respect thereof then, to the extent 
possible, the Issuer shall deduct such taxes, duties or charges, as applicable, from the 
amount(s) payable to such Noteholder or Couponholder, and provided that payments to 
other Noteholders or Couponholders would not be impaired, the Issuer shall not give an 
Early Redemption Notice pursuant to Condition 8(d)(i). Any such deduction shall not 
constitute an Event of Default under Condition 8(r) (Redemption Following the Occurrence

--- Page 178 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
178
of an Event of Default), a Liquidation Event under Condition 13 (Liquidation) or an 
Enforcement Event under Condition 14 (Enforcement of Security). 
Neither the Issuer nor any Transaction Party shall have any duty to monitor, enquire or satisfy 
itself as to whether any Note Tax Event or Original Collateral Tax Event has occurred. No 
Transaction Party shall have any obligation to give, nor any responsibility or liability for giving or 
not giving, any notice to the Issuer that a Note Tax Event or an Original Collateral Tax Event has 
occurred. If the Issuer gives a notice to the Trustee and/or the Calculation Agent of the occurrence 
of a Note Tax Event or an Original Collateral Tax Event, the Trustee and/or the Calculation Agent, 
as the case may be, shall be entitled to rely conclusively on such notice without further 
investigation. 
(e) 
Redemption for Original Collateral Call/Put
(i) 
Subject to Condition 8(e)(ii) below, the Issuer shall, as soon as is practicable after 
becoming aware of the occurrence of an Original Collateral Call/Put, give an Early 
Redemption Notice to the Noteholders and each Note of the Series shall become due and 
payable on the related Early Redemption Date at its Early Redemption Amount (which shall 
be paid pursuant to Condition 15(a) (Application of Available Proceeds of Liquidation) or 
Condition 15(b) (Application of Available Proceeds of Enforcement of Security), as 
applicable, and which shall be the only amount payable in respect of such Note and there 
will be no separate payment of any unpaid accrued interest thereon). 
(ii) 
If “Partial Redemption for Original Collateral Call/Put” is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Accessory Conditions and an Original Collateral Call/Put occurs in respect of some 
but not all of an Original Collateral Asset comprising the Original Collateral in respect of 
such Series: 
(A) 
the Issuer shall, as soon as is practicable after becoming aware of the occurrence of 
such partial Original Collateral Call/Put, give an Early Redemption Notice to the 
Noteholders; 
(B) 
following such Early Redemption Trigger Date, the Calculation Agent shall determine 
the Affected Partial Swap Termination Value, Affected Partial Repo Termination 
Value and/or Affected Partial SL Termination Value in respect of the relevant portion 
of such Original Collateral Asset as of the Affected Partial Early Termination Date 
designated under the relevant Swap Transaction, Repo Transaction and/or SL 
Transaction, as the case may be, being the date corresponding to the Original 
Collateral Call/Put Early Payment Date; 
(C) 
each Note of the Series shall become due and payable in part on the related Early 
Redemption Date at its Early Redemption Amount (which shall be paid pursuant to 
Condition 15(a) (Application of Available Proceeds of Liquidation) or Condition 15(b) 
(Application of Available Proceeds of Enforcement of Security), as applicable, and 
the payment of such amount shall satisfy the Issuer’s obligation in respect of the 
relevant proportion of each Note with no other amount (including, for the avoidance 
of doubt, any unpaid accrued interest on such relevant proportion of such Note) 
payable in respect of the relevant proportion of such Note; 
(D) 
the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Notes as at such time shall be 
reduced by an amount equal to the product of:  
(x) the aggregate principal amount of the Notes on the Issue Date; and  
(y)

--- Page 179 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
179
(I)  
the principal amount of the Original Collateral Asset which is the subject 
of the Original Collateral Call/Put, divided by 
(II)  
the principal amount of such Original Collateral Asset on the Issue Date,  
and the outstanding principal amount of each Note as at such time shall be reduced 
accordingly; and 
(E) 
with effect from (and including) the Interest Period in which the relevant Early 
Redemption Trigger Date has occurred, interest will continue to accrue on the 
portion of each Note which has not become due and payable in part in accordance 
with Condition 7 (Interest). 
The date on which such Early Redemption Notice is deemed to have been given shall be an 
“Early Redemption Trigger Date”. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Transaction Party shall have any duty to monitor, enquire or satisfy 
itself as to whether any Original Collateral Call/Put has occurred. No Transaction Party shall have 
any obligation to give, nor any responsibility or liability for giving or not giving, any notice to the 
Issuer that an Original Collateral Call/Put has occurred. If the Issuer gives a notice to the Trustee 
and/or the Calculation Agent of the occurrence of an Original Collateral Call/Put, the Trustee 
and/or the Calculation Agent (as the case may be) shall be entitled to rely conclusively on such 
notice without further investigation. 
(f) 
Redemption for Termination of Swap Agreement
The Issuer shall, as soon as is practicable after becoming aware of the occurrence of a Swap 
Termination Event, give an Early Redemption Notice to the Noteholders and each Note of the 
Series shall become due and payable on the related Early Redemption Date at its Early 
Redemption Amount (which shall be paid pursuant to Condition 15(a) (Application of Available 
Proceeds of Liquidation) or Condition 15(b) (Application of Available Proceeds of Enforcement of 
Security), as applicable, and which shall be the only amount payable in respect of such Note and 
there will be no separate payment of any unpaid accrued interest thereon). The date on which 
such Early Redemption Notice is deemed to have been given shall be an “Early Redemption 
Trigger Date”.
If, prior to the Maturity Date: 
(i) 
the Issuer becomes aware of the occurrence of a Swap Agreement Event which is then 
continuing; 
(ii) 
no Early Termination Date has already been designated or occurred in respect of all 
outstanding Swap Transactions under the Swap Agreement; and 
(iii) 
no Early Redemption Trigger Date or Early Redemption Date has occurred under any other 
Condition in respect of the Notes of the Series, 
the Issuer shall, as soon as is practicable after becoming aware of the same, notify the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 22 (Notices) and the Trustee in writing of the same. 
Following such notice being given by the Issuer, the Trustee shall, if directed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution and provided that (A) the Trustee shall have been indemnified and/or secured and/or 
pre-funded to its satisfaction and (B) no Early Redemption Trigger Date or Early Redemption Date 
has occurred pursuant to any other Condition, give notice to the Issuer that the Issuer is to 
designate an Early Termination Date in respect of all outstanding Swap Transactions under the 
Swap Agreement.

--- Page 180 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
180
Subject to the Issuer still having such designation right, the Issuer shall, as soon as is practicable, 
designate an Early Termination Date in respect of all outstanding Swap Transactions under the 
Swap Agreement and shall then notify the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 22 (Notices) 
and the Trustee in writing of the same. Such notice shall constitute an Early Redemption Notice 
for purposes of the first paragraph of this Condition 8(f). 
Neither the Issuer nor any Transaction Party shall have any duty to monitor, enquire or satisfy 
itself as to whether any Swap Termination Event or Swap Agreement Event has occurred. No 
Transaction Party shall have any obligation to give, nor any responsibility or liability for giving or 
not giving, any notice to the Issuer that a Swap Termination Event or Swap Agreement Event has 
occurred. If the Issuer gives a notice to the Trustee and/or the Calculation Agent of the occurrence 
of a Swap Termination Event or a Swap Agreement Event, the Trustee and/or the Calculation 
Agent, as the case may be, shall be entitled to rely conclusively on such notice without further 
investigation. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the satisfaction of an Issuer Call Condition pursuant to 
Condition 8(o) (Redemption Following Satisfaction of an Issuer Call Condition) shall not constitute 
a Swap Termination Event or Swap Agreement Event pursuant to this Condition 8(f). 
(g) 
Redemption for Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event
The Issuer shall, if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution resolving that a Swap Counterparty 
Bankruptcy Event has occurred and that a notice of redemption in respect of the Notes is to be 
given by or on behalf of the Issuer, give an Early Redemption Notice to the Noteholders as soon 
as is practicable upon being so directed and each Note shall become due and payable on the 
related Early Redemption Date at its Early Redemption Amount (which shall be paid pursuant to 
Condition 15(a) (Application of Available Proceeds of Liquidation) or Condition 15(b) (Application 
of Available Proceeds of Enforcement of Security), as applicable, and which shall be the only 
amount payable in respect of such Note and there will be no separate payment of any unpaid 
accrued interest thereon). The date on which such Early Redemption Notice is deemed to have 
been given shall be an “Early Redemption Trigger Date”. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Condition 19 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, 
Waiver and Substitution) or the Trust Deed, any holder of a Note then outstanding may deliver a 
request in writing to the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and the Trustee for a meeting of 
Noteholders to be convened to consider an Extraordinary Resolution to sanction that a Swap 
Counterparty Bankruptcy Event has occurred and to instruct the Issuer to give an Early 
Redemption Notice in respect of the Notes. 
Any such request by any holder of a Note for a meeting to be convened to resolve that a Swap 
Counterparty Bankruptcy Event has occurred must (i) describe the Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy 
Event alleged to have occurred and (ii) contain information that reasonably confirms that the Swap 
Counterparty Bankruptcy Event has occurred which in the sole opinion of the Issuer is satisfactory 
evidence of the occurrence of the Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event. Upon receipt of a valid 
request from a Noteholder satisfying the requirements outlined in the preceding sentence, the 
Issuer shall convene a meeting of Noteholders in accordance with the provisions of the Trust 
Deed. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Transaction Party shall have any duty to monitor, enquire or satisfy 
itself as to whether any Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event has occurred and shall be entitled 
to rely conclusively on such Extraordinary Resolution regarding the same. No Transaction Party 
shall have any obligation to give, nor any responsibility or liability for giving or not giving, any 
notice to the Issuer that a Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event has occurred. If the Issuer gives a 
notice to the Trustee and/or the Calculation Agent of the occurrence of a Swap Counterparty

--- Page 181 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
181
Bankruptcy Event, the Trustee and/or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, shall be entitled 
to rely conclusively on such notice without further investigation. 
(h) 
Redemption for Termination of Repo Agreement
The Issuer shall, as soon as is practicable after becoming aware of the occurrence of a Repo 
Termination Event, give an Early Redemption Notice to the Noteholders and each Note of the 
Series shall become due and payable on the related Early Redemption Date at its Early 
Redemption Amount (which shall be paid pursuant to Condition 15(a) (Application of Available 
Proceeds of Liquidation) or Condition 15(b) (Application of Available Proceeds of Enforcement of 
Security), as applicable, and which shall be the only amount payable in respect of such Note and 
there will be no separate payment of any unpaid accrued interest thereon). The date on which 
such Early Redemption Notice is deemed to have been given shall be an “Early Redemption 
Trigger Date”.
If, prior to the Maturity Date: 
(i) 
the Issuer becomes aware of the occurrence of a Repo Agreement Event which is then 
continuing; 
(ii) 
no Early Termination Date has already been designated or occurred in respect of all 
outstanding Repo Transactions under the Repo Agreement; and 
(iii) 
no Early Redemption Trigger Date or Early Redemption Date has occurred under any other 
Condition in respect of the Notes of the Series, 
the Issuer shall, as soon as is practicable after becoming aware of the same, notify the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 22 (Notices) and the Trustee in writing of the same. 
Following such notice being given by the Issuer, the Trustee shall, if directed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution and provided that (A) the Trustee shall have been indemnified and/or secured and/or 
pre-funded to its satisfaction and (B) no Early Redemption Trigger Date or Early Redemption Date 
has occurred pursuant to any other Condition, give notice to the Issuer that the Issuer is to 
designate an Early Termination Date in respect of all outstanding Repo Transactions under the 
Repo Agreement. 
Subject to the Issuer still having such designation right, the Issuer shall, as soon as is practicable, 
designate an Early Termination Date in respect of all outstanding Repo Transactions under the 
Repo Agreement and shall then notify the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 22 (Notices) 
and the Trustee in writing of the same. Such notice shall constitute an Early Redemption Notice 
for purposes of the first paragraph of this Condition 8(h). 
Neither the Issuer nor any Transaction Party shall have any duty to monitor, enquire or satisfy 
itself as to whether any Repo Termination Event or Repo Agreement Event has occurred. No 
Transaction Party shall have any obligation to give, nor any responsibility or liability for giving or 
not giving, any notice to the Issuer that a Repo Termination Event or Repo Agreement Event has 
occurred. If the Issuer gives a notice to the Trustee and/or the Calculation Agent of the occurrence 
of a Repo Termination Event or a Repo Agreement Event, the Trustee and/or the Calculation 
Agent, as the case may be, shall be entitled to rely conclusively on such notice without further 
investigation. 
(i) 
Redemption for Repo Counterparty Bankruptcy Event
The Issuer shall, if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution resolving that a Repo Counterparty 
Bankruptcy Event has occurred and that a notice of redemption in respect of the Notes is to be 
given by or on behalf of the Issuer, give an Early Redemption Notice to the Noteholders as soon 
as is practicable upon being so directed and each Note shall become due and payable on the

--- Page 182 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
182
related Early Redemption Date at its Early Redemption Amount (which shall be paid pursuant to 
Condition 15(a) (Application of Available Proceeds of Liquidation) or Condition 15(b) (Application 
of Available Proceeds of Enforcement of Security), as applicable, and which shall be the only 
amount payable in respect of such Note and there will be no separate payment of any unpaid 
accrued interest thereon). The date on which such Early Redemption Notice is deemed to have 
been given shall be an “Early Redemption Trigger Date”. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Condition 19 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, 
Waiver and Substitution) or the Trust Deed, any holder of a Note then outstanding may deliver a 
request in writing to the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and the Trustee for a meeting of 
Noteholders to be convened to consider an Extraordinary Resolution to sanction that a Repo 
Counterparty Bankruptcy Event has occurred and to instruct the Issuer to give an Early 
Redemption Notice in respect of the Notes. 
Any such request by any holder of a Note for a meeting to be convened to resolve that a Repo 
Counterparty Bankruptcy Event has occurred must (i) describe the Repo Counterparty Bankruptcy 
Event alleged to have occurred and (ii) contain information that reasonably confirms that the Repo 
Counterparty Bankruptcy Event has occurred which in the sole opinion of the Issuer is satisfactory 
evidence of the occurrence of the Repo Counterparty Bankruptcy Event. Upon receipt of a valid 
request from a Noteholder satisfying the requirements outlined in the preceding sentence, the 
Issuer shall convene a meeting of Noteholders in accordance with the provisions of the Trust 
Deed. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Transaction Party shall have any duty to monitor, enquire or satisfy 
itself as to whether any Repo Counterparty Bankruptcy Event has occurred and shall be entitled to 
rely conclusively on such Extraordinary Resolution regarding the same. No Transaction Party shall 
have any obligation to give, nor any responsibility or liability for giving or not giving, any notice to 
the Issuer that a Repo Counterparty Bankruptcy Event has occurred. If the Issuer gives a notice to 
the Trustee and/or the Calculation Agent of the occurrence of a Repo Counterparty Bankruptcy 
Event, the Trustee and/or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, shall be entitled to rely 
conclusively on such notice without further investigation.  
(j) 
Redemption for Termination of SL Agreement
The Issuer shall, as soon as is practicable after becoming aware of the occurrence of an SL 
Termination Event, give an Early Redemption Notice to the Noteholders and each Note of the 
Series shall become due and payable on the related Early Redemption Date at its Early 
Redemption Amount (which shall be paid pursuant to Condition 15(a) (Application of Available 
Proceeds of Liquidation) or Condition 15(b) (Application of Available Proceeds of Enforcement of 
Security), as applicable, and which shall be the only amount payable in respect of such Note and 
there will be no separate payment of any unpaid accrued interest thereon). The date on which 
such Early Redemption Notice is deemed to have been given shall be an “Early Redemption 
Trigger Date”.
If, prior to the Maturity Date: 
(i) 
the Issuer becomes aware of the occurrence of an SL Agreement Event which is then 
continuing; 
(ii) 
no Early Termination Date has already been designated or occurred in respect of all 
outstanding SL Transactions under the SL Agreement; and 
(iii) 
no Early Redemption Trigger Date or Early Redemption Date has occurred under any other 
Condition in respect of the Notes of the Series,

--- Page 183 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
183
the Issuer shall, as soon as is practicable after becoming aware of the same, notify the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 22 (Notices) and the Trustee in writing of the same. 
Following such notice being given by the Issuer, the Trustee shall, if directed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution and provided that (A) the Trustee shall have been indemnified and/or secured and/or 
pre-funded to its satisfaction and (B) no Early Redemption Trigger Date or Early Redemption Date 
has occurred pursuant to any other Condition, give notice to the Issuer that the Issuer is to 
designate an Early Termination Date in respect of all outstanding SL Transactions under the SL 
Agreement. 
Subject to the Issuer still having such designation right, the Issuer shall, as soon as is practicable, 
designate an Early Termination Date in respect of all outstanding SL Transactions under the SL 
Agreement and shall then notify the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 22 (Notices) and 
the Trustee in writing of the same. Such notice shall constitute an Early Redemption Notice for 
purposes of the first paragraph of this Condition 8(j).  
Neither the Issuer nor any Transaction Party shall have any duty to monitor, enquire or satisfy 
itself as to whether any SL Termination Event or SL Agreement Event has occurred. No 
Transaction Party shall have any obligation to give, nor any responsibility or liability for giving or 
not giving, any notice to the Issuer that an SL Termination Event or SL Agreement Event has 
occurred. If the Issuer gives a notice to the Trustee and/or the Calculation Agent of the occurrence 
of an SL Termination Event or an SL Agreement Event, the Trustee and/or the Calculation Agent, 
as the case may be, shall be entitled to rely conclusively on such notice without further 
investigation.  
(k) 
Redemption for SL Counterparty Bankruptcy Event
The Issuer shall, if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution resolving that an SL Counterparty 
Bankruptcy Event has occurred and that a notice of redemption in respect of the Notes is to be 
given by or on behalf of the Issuer, give an Early Redemption Notice to the Noteholders as soon 
as is practicable upon being so directed and each Note shall become due and payable on the 
related Early Redemption Date at its Early Redemption Amount (which shall be paid pursuant to 
Condition 15(a) (Application of Available Proceeds of Liquidation) or Condition 15(b) (Application 
of Available Proceeds of Enforcement of Security), as applicable, and which shall be the only 
amount payable in respect of such Note and there will be no separate payment of any unpaid 
accrued interest thereon). The date on which such Early Redemption Notice is deemed to have 
been given shall be an “Early Redemption Trigger Date”. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Condition 19 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, 
Waiver and Substitution) or the Trust Deed, any holder of a Note then outstanding may deliver a 
request in writing to the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and the Trustee for a meeting of 
Noteholders to be convened to consider an Extraordinary Resolution to sanction that an SL 
Counterparty Bankruptcy Event has occurred and to instruct the Issuer to give an Early 
Redemption Notice in respect of the Notes. 
Any such request by any holder of a Note for a meeting to be convened to resolve that an SL 
Counterparty Bankruptcy Event has occurred must (i) describe the SL Counterparty Bankruptcy 
Event alleged to have occurred and (ii) contain information that reasonably confirms that the SL 
Counterparty Bankruptcy Event has occurred which in the sole opinion of the Issuer is satisfactory 
evidence of the occurrence of the SL Counterparty Bankruptcy Event. Upon receipt of a valid 
request from a Noteholder satisfying the requirements outlined in the preceding sentence, the 
Issuer shall convene a meeting of Noteholders in accordance with the provisions of the Trust 
Deed.

--- Page 184 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
184
Neither the Issuer nor any Transaction Party shall have any duty to monitor, enquire or satisfy 
itself as to whether any SL Counterparty Bankruptcy Event has occurred and shall be entitled to 
rely conclusively on such Extraordinary Resolution regarding the same. No Transaction Party shall 
have any obligation to give, nor any responsibility or liability for giving or not giving, any notice to 
the Issuer that an SL Counterparty Bankruptcy Event has occurred. If the Issuer gives a notice to 
the Trustee and/or the Calculation Agent of the occurrence of an SL Counterparty Bankruptcy 
Event, the Trustee and/or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, shall be entitled to rely 
conclusively on such notice without further investigation. 
(l) 
Redemption Following an Illegality Event 
The Issuer shall, as soon as is practicable after becoming aware of the occurrence of an Illegality 
Event, give an Early Redemption Notice to the Noteholders and each Note of the Series shall 
become due and payable on the related Early Redemption Date at its Early Redemption Amount 
(which shall be paid pursuant to Condition 15(a) (Application of Available Proceeds of Liquidation) 
or Condition 15(b) (Application of Available Proceeds of Enforcement of Security), as applicable, 
and which shall be the only amount payable in respect of such Note and there will be no separate 
payment of any unpaid accrued interest thereon). The date on which such Early Redemption 
Notice is deemed to have been given shall be an “Early Redemption Trigger Date”.
Neither the Issuer nor any Transaction Party shall have any duty to monitor, enquire or satisfy 
itself as to whether any Illegality Event has occurred. No Transaction Party shall have any 
obligation to give, nor any responsibility or liability for giving or not giving, any notice to the Issuer 
that an Illegality Event has occurred. If the Issuer gives a notice to the Trustee and/or the 
Calculation Agent of the occurrence of an Illegality Event, the Trustee and/or the Calculation 
Agent, as the case may be, shall be entitled to rely conclusively on such notice without further 
investigation. 
(m) 
Redemption Following Original Collateral Disruption Event 
If, in respect of a Series, the Calculation Agent has given an Original Collateral Disruption Event 
Redemption Notice (copied to the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Trustee, the Swap Counterparty, 
the Repo Counterparty and the SL Counterparty), then the Issuer shall give an Early Redemption 
Notice to the Noteholders of such fact as soon as is practicable upon being so notified and attach 
to that a copy of the Original Collateral Disruption Event Redemption Notice or include the 
information provided therein and each Note of such Series shall become due and payable on the 
related Early Redemption Date at its Early Redemption Amount (which shall be paid pursuant to 
Condition 15(a) (Application of Available Proceeds of Liquidation) or Condition 15(b) (Application 
of Available Proceeds of Enforcement of Security), as applicable, and which shall be the only 
amount payable in respect of such Note and there will be no separate payment of any unpaid 
accrued interest thereon). The date on which such Early Redemption Notice is deemed to have 
been given shall be an “Early Redemption Trigger Date”. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Transaction Party shall have any duty to monitor, enquire or satisfy 
itself as to whether any Original Collateral Disruption Event has occurred. No Transaction Party 
shall have any obligation to give, nor any responsibility or liability for giving or not giving, any 
notice to the Issuer that an Original Collateral Disruption Event has occurred. If the Calculation 
Agent gives an Original Collateral Disruption Event Redemption Notice to the Trustee, the Trustee 
shall be entitled to rely conclusively on such notice without further investigation.

--- Page 185 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
185
(n) 
Redemption Following Reference Rate Event 
If, in respect of a Series: 
(i) 
either a Replacement Reference Rate Notice or a Replacement Reference Rate 
Amendments Certificate is not delivered at least two London Business Days before a Cut-
off Date in accordance with Condition 9(c) (Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event); 
(ii) 
it (A) is or would be unlawful under any applicable law or regulation or (B) would 
contravene any applicable licensing requirements, for the Calculation Agent to perform the 
actions prescribed in Condition 9(c) (Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event) (or it would be 
unlawful or would contravene those licensing requirements were a determination to be 
made at such time); or 
(iii) 
the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Spread is or would be an interest 
rate, benchmark, index or other price source whose production, publication, methodology 
or governance would subject the Calculation Agent or the Swap Counterparty or the Repo 
Counterparty to material additional regulatory obligations which it is unwilling to undertake 
(each of paragraphs (i) to (iii) above, a “Reference Rate Default Event”),  
then the Calculation Agent shall give notice of such fact to the Issuer (copied to the Issuing and 
Paying Agent, the Trustee, the Swap Counterparty and the Repo Counterparty). The Issuer shall 
then give an Early Redemption Notice to the Noteholders of such fact as soon as is practicable 
upon being so notified and each Note of such Series shall become due and payable on the related 
Early Redemption Date at its Early Redemption Amount (which shall be paid pursuant to 
Condition 15(a) (Application of Available Proceeds of Liquidation) or Condition 15(b) (Application 
of Available Proceeds of Enforcement of Security), as applicable, and which shall be the only 
amount payable in respect of such Note and there will be no separate payment of any unpaid 
accrued interest thereon). The date on which such Early Redemption Notice is deemed to have 
been given shall be an “Early Redemption Trigger Date”. 
(o) 
Redemption Following Satisfaction of an Issuer Call Condition  
Where “Issuer Call” is specified to be applicable in the applicable Accessory Conditions, the Issuer 
shall, as soon as is practicable after becoming aware of the satisfaction of an Issuer Call 
Condition, give an Early Redemption Notice to the Noteholders and each Note of the Series shall 
become due and payable on the related Early Redemption Date at its Early Redemption Amount 
(which shall be paid pursuant to Condition 15(a) (Application of Available Proceeds of Liquidation) 
or Condition 15(b) (Application of Available Proceeds of Enforcement of Security), as applicable). 
The date on which such Early Redemption Notice is deemed to have been given shall be an 
“Early Redemption Trigger Date”. Interest Amounts, if any, shall be payable pursuant to 
Condition 7 (Interest). 
Where the Notes are redeemed pursuant to this Condition 8(o), then on the Issuer Call Settlement 
Date:  
(i) 
where “Issuer Call Settlement – Cash to Swap Counterparty” is specified in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions, the Issuer shall pay (or procure payment of) an amount equal to the 
proceeds of the Liquidation of the Original Collateral that it is entitled to receive; or  
(ii) 
where “Issuer Call Settlement – Delivery to Swap Counterparty” is specified in the 
applicable Accessory Conditions, the Issuer shall deliver (or procure delivery of) the 
Original Collateral,  
in each case, to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement.

--- Page 186 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
186
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, if, at any time following the satisfaction of an Issuer Call 
Condition and prior to the Issuer Call Settlement Date, an Early Redemption Trigger Date or an 
Early Termination Date occurs for any other reason, then the Early Redemption Trigger Date 
resulting directly from the satisfaction of the Issuer Call Condition shall be disregarded and the 
Notes will instead redeem in accordance with the relevant provision of Condition 8 (Redemption 
and Purchase) to which the subsequent Early Redemption Trigger Date relates. If, at any time 
from (and including) the Issuer Call Settlement Date and prior to the Issuer Call Redemption Date, 
an Early Redemption Trigger Date or an Early Termination Date occurs for any other reason, the 
provisions of this Condition 8(o) shall prevail.  
Neither the Issuer nor any Transaction Party shall have any duty to monitor, enquire or satisfy 
itself as to whether any Issuer Call Condition has been satisfied. No Transaction Party shall have 
any obligation to give, nor any responsibility or liability for giving or not giving, any notice to the 
Issuer that an Issuer Call Condition has been satisfied. If the Issuer gives a notice to the Trustee 
and/or the Calculation Agent of the satisfaction of an Issuer Call Condition, the Trustee and/or the 
Calculation Agent, as the case may be, shall be entitled to rely conclusively on such notice without 
further investigation.  
(p) 
Redemption Following Exercise of Noteholder Early Redemption Option 
Where “Noteholder Early Redemption Option” is specified to be applicable in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions, 100% Noteholders may on any Reference Business Day falling within the 
Noteholder Early Redemption Option Period deliver a notice outside of the Clearing Systems to 
the Issuer (copied to each Transaction Party) (a “Noteholder Early Redemption Option 
Exercise Notice”), together with evidence to the satisfaction of each of the Swap Counterparty, 
the Repo Counterparty and the SL Counterparty (as applicable) of such 100% Noteholders’ 
beneficial holding of 100 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then 
outstanding, irrevocably proposing a date on which the Issuer shall redeem each Note of such 
Series in full (and not in part) in an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount. For a 
Noteholder Early Redemption Option Exercise Notice to be valid, the date proposed must fall at 
least (A) 10 Reference Business Days following the date of the Noteholder Early Redemption 
Option Exercise Notice and (B) 15 Reference Business Days prior to the Maturity Date.  
If a valid Noteholder Early Redemption Option Exercise Notice is delivered, the Issuer shall deliver 
an Early Redemption Notice to the Noteholders and each Note of the Series shall become due 
and payable on the date proposed in the Noteholder Early Redemption Option Exercise Notice 
(being, for such purposes, the Early Redemption Date) at its Early Redemption Amount (which 
shall be paid pursuant to Condition 15(a) (Application of Available Proceeds of Liquidation) or 
Condition 15(b) (Application of Available Proceeds of Enforcement of Security), as applicable, and 
which shall be the only amount payable in respect of such Note and there will be no separate 
payment of any unpaid accrued interest thereon). The date on which such Early Redemption 
Notice is deemed to have been given shall be an “Early Redemption Trigger Date”. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary (including the provisions of Condition 8(y) (Effect of Early 
Redemption Trigger Date, Maturity Date Liquidation Event, Redemption or Purchase and 
Cancellation)), if at any time prior to the Early Valuation Date an Early Redemption Trigger Date 
occurs for any other reason, then the Noteholder Early Redemption Option Exercise Notice (and 
any related Early Redemption Notice) delivered pursuant to this Condition 8(p) shall be deemed to 
be void and the Notes will instead redeem in accordance with the relevant provision of Condition 8 
(Redemption and Purchase) to which the subsequent Early Redemption Trigger Date relates.

--- Page 187 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
187
The Issuer and each Transaction Party shall be entitled to rely conclusively on any communication 
purporting to be delivered by 100% Noteholders without further investigation and to act upon the 
same and shall have no liability whatsoever in respect of such reliance. 
(q) 
Redemption Following an Additional Redemption Event 
If “Additional Redemption Event” is specified to be applicable in the relevant Pricing Terms, the 
Issuer shall, as soon as is practicable after becoming aware (or, in any case, within two Reference 
Business Days) of the occurrence of an Additional Redemption Event (whether by notice thereof 
from the Calculation Agent or otherwise), give an Early Redemption Notice to the Noteholders and 
each Note to which such Additional Redemption Event relates shall become due and payable on 
the related Early Redemption Date at its Early Redemption Amount (which shall be paid pursuant 
to Condition 15(a) (Application of Available Proceeds of Liquidation) or Condition 15(b) 
(Application of Available Proceeds of Enforcement of Security), as applicable). The date on which 
such Early Redemption Notice is deemed to have been given shall be an “Early Redemption 
Trigger Date”. Interest Amounts, if any, shall be payable pursuant to Condition 7 (Interest). 
Neither the Issuer nor any Transaction Party shall have any duty to monitor, enquire or satisfy 
itself as to whether any Additional Redemption Event has occurred. No Transaction Party shall 
have any obligation to give, nor any responsibility or liability for giving or not giving, any notice to 
the Issuer that an Additional Redemption Event has occurred. If the Issuer gives a notice to the 
Trustee and/or the Calculation Agent of the occurrence of an Additional Redemption Event, the 
Trustee and/or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, shall be entitled, without liability, to rely 
conclusively on such notice without further investigation. 
(r) 
Redemption Following the Occurrence of an Event of Default 
If any of the following events (each, an “Event of Default”) occurs, the Trustee at its discretion 
may, and if directed by an Extraordinary Resolution, the Swap Counterparty, Repo Counterparty 
or SL Counterparty shall (provided in each case that the Trustee shall have been indemnified 
and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction), give an Early Redemption Notice to the 
Issuer that all but not some only of the Notes of the Series shall become due and payable at the 
Early Redemption Amount (which shall be the only amount payable and there will be no separate 
payment of any unpaid accrued interest thereon) on the Early Redemption Date: 
(i) 
default is continuing for more than 14 days in the payment of any interest or Instalment 
Amount in respect of the Notes or any of them, other than any interest or Instalment 
Amount due and payable on the Maturity Date, and other than where any such default 
occurs as a result of an Original Collateral Default, a Note Tax Event, an Original Collateral 
Tax Event, an Original Collateral Call/Put, a Swap Termination Event, a Swap Agreement 
Event, a Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event, a Repo Termination Event, a Repo 
Agreement Event, a Repo Counterparty Bankruptcy Event, an SL Termination Event, an SL 
Agreement Event, an SL Counterparty Bankruptcy Event, an Illegality Event, an Original 
Collateral Disruption Event (to the extent the Calculation Agent has given an Original 
Collateral Disruption Event Redemption Notice), a Reference Rate Default Event, the 
satisfaction of an Issuer Call Condition or the exercise of a Noteholder Early Redemption 
Option; 
(ii) 
the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of its other obligations under 
the Notes or the Trust Deed, which default is incapable of remedy or, if in the opinion of the 
Trustee capable of remedy, is not in the opinion of the Trustee remedied within 30 days 
after notice of such default shall have been given to the Issuer by the Trustee; or 
(iii) 
an Issuer Bankruptcy Event occurs.

--- Page 188 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
188
For the purposes of the Conditions and the Transaction Documents, in relation to any Events of 
Default, the date on which the related Early Redemption Notice is deemed to be given shall be an 
“Early Redemption Trigger Date”. 
The Issuer has undertaken in the Trust Deed for the Series that, within (i) with respect to the 
Jersey Issuer, 10 Jersey Business Days and (ii) with respect to the Irish Issuer, 10 Dublin 
Business Days, of the publication of the Issuer’s annual financial statements, and forthwith on 
request from the Trustee, the Issuer will send to the Trustee a certificate signed by a Director to 
the effect that, having made all reasonable enquiries, to the best of the knowledge, information 
and belief of the Issuer as at the date of the certificate, no Event of Default or event or 
circumstance that could, with the giving of notice, lapse of time and/or issue of a certificate, 
become an Event of Default has occurred since the certification date of the last such certificate or 
(if none) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of Notes of the Series or, if such an event had 
occurred, giving details thereof. 
(s) 
 Redemption of All Classes Following an Early Redemption Trigger Date or an Enforcement 
Notice in respect of Certain Class(es) of Notes only 
Where the applicable Accessory Conditions specify that Classes apply in respect of a Series, any 
Early Redemption Notice or Enforcement Notice delivered in respect of any one Class of Notes 
shall be deemed to also apply to the other Class(es) of Notes (the date of such Early Redemption 
Notice or Enforcement Notice, as applicable, being the “Early Redemption Trigger Date” in 
respect of each Class of Notes) and, accordingly, the Early Redemption Trigger Date shall apply 
to all Classes of Notes notwithstanding that the Early Redemption Trigger Date did not occur in 
respect of all Classes of Notes and all Notes shall be redeemed on the Early Redemption Date by 
payment to each Noteholder of its Early Redemption Amount. 
Without prejudice to the above:  
(i) 
the Issuer (or the Issuing and Paying Agent on its behalf) shall, within five Reference 
Business Days of receiving the relevant Enforcement Notice, give an Early Redemption 
Notice to the Noteholders of all outstanding Classes of Notes of the relevant Series; and  
(ii) 
where an Enforcement Notice has been delivered the Trustee shall enforce all of the 
Security on the Early Redemption Date subject to and in accordance with Condition 14(c) 
(Enforcement of Security), and the Noteholders of each Redeeming Note shall be paid in 
accordance with Condition 15(b) (Application of Available Proceeds of Enforcement of 
Security). 
(t) 
Suspension of Payments and Calculations 
If, at any time within five Reference Business Days on or prior to a day on which an amount will be 
due and payable in respect of the Notes (the “Suspended Payment Date”), the Calculation Agent 
determines that facts exist which may (assuming the expiration of any applicable grace period) 
amount to an Original Collateral Default, no payment of principal or interest shall be made by the 
Issuer in respect of the Notes during the period of 10 Reference Business Days following the 
Suspended Payment Date (the “Original Collateral Default Suspension Period”). If, at any time 
during the Original Collateral Default Suspension Period, the Calculation Agent determines that an 
Original Collateral Default has occurred, then the provisions of Condition 8(c) (Redemption upon 
Original Collateral Default) shall apply. If, on the final Reference Business Day of the Original 
Collateral Default Suspension Period, no such determination has been made, then the balance of 
the principal or interest that would otherwise have been payable in respect of the Notes shall be 
due on the second Reference Business Day after such final Reference Business Day of the 
Original Collateral Default Suspension Period. Noteholders and Couponholders shall not be

--- Page 189 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
189
entitled to a further payment as a consequence of the fact that such payment of such principal or 
interest is postponed pursuant to this Condition 8(t).  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Calculation Agent determines that the circumstances giving 
rise to such potential Original Collateral Default have been remedied (if possible) or no longer 
exist such that no related Original Collateral Default has occurred, then the Issuer shall make any 
payments that would otherwise have been payable in respect of the Notes on the second 
Reference Business Day following the date on which the Calculation Agent makes such 
determination. Noteholders and Couponholders shall not be entitled to a further payment as a 
consequence of the fact that such payment of such principal or interest is postponed pursuant to 
this Condition 8(t). In determining whether a payment failure has (or may have) occurred, the 
Calculation Agent may rely on evidence of non-receipt of funds. 
(u) 
Noteholder Settlement Option  
If “Noteholder Settlement Option” is specified as the “Early Redemption Settlement Method” in the 
applicable Accessory Conditions, each Noteholder may, upon the occurrence of an Early 
Redemption Trigger Date, by depositing not later than the Settlement Option Cut-off Date the 
relevant Exercised Notes at the Specified Office of the Issuing and Paying Agent (in the case of 
Bearer Notes) or the Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Notes), together with a Settlement 
Exercise Notice, elect whether to receive the Early Cash Redemption Amount or the Early 
Physical Redemption Amount, provided that:  
(i) 
if no valid election is made whether to receive the Early Cash Redemption Amount or Early 
Physical Redemption Amount by a Noteholder by the Settlement Option Cut-off Date;  
(ii) 
if the Pre-Conditions to Delivery are not satisfied by such Noteholder on or prior to the 
Settlement Option Cut-off Date; 
(iii) 
the Collateral is not comprised of any Original Collateral on the Settlement Option Cut-off 
Date; and/or 
(iv) 
if a Sole Noteholder has exercised the Noteholder Settlement Option and elected to receive 
the Early Physical Redemption Amount and it is not physically or legally permissible to 
deliver the Original Collateral to such Sole Noteholder,  
then each Noteholder will be deemed to (a) have elected for “Cash Settlement” to apply as the 
“Early Redemption Settlement Method”, and (b) to receive the Early Cash Redemption Amount.  
For the avoidance of doubt, where the Noteholder Settlement Option has been exercised by a 
Sole Noteholder and such Sole Noteholder is deemed to have elected to receive the Early Cash 
Redemption Amount, if such Sole Noteholder has:  
(I) 
paid to the Swap Counterparty an amount equal to any Termination Payment in respect of 
the Swap Agreement that is payable by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty (together, if 
applicable, with any interest payable thereon and any other amounts payable by the Issuer 
to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement); 
(II) 
paid to the Repo Counterparty an amount equal to any Termination Payment in respect of 
the Repo Agreement that is payable by the Issuer to the Repo Counterparty (together, if 
applicable, with any interest payable thereon and any other amounts payable by the Issuer 
to the Repo Counterparty under the Repo Agreement); and/or 
(III) 
paid to the SL Counterparty an amount equal to any Termination Payment in respect of the 
SL Agreement that is payable by the Issuer to the SL Counterparty (together, if applicable,

--- Page 190 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
190
with any interest payable thereon and any other amounts payable by the Issuer to the SL 
Counterparty under the SL Agreement), 
pursuant to the Pre-Conditions to Delivery, such amount shall not be deducted from the Early 
Cash Redemption Amount in accordance with paragraph (iii) of the definition thereof. 
In the case of Registered Notes, the Registrar may decline to act if there are more than ten 
Noteholders. 
(v) 
Provisions relating to Early Physical Redemption Amounts 
An obligation under the Notes in respect of a Series (but not a Class thereof) may be satisfied by 
the payment of an Early Physical Redemption Amount: 
(i) 
upon satisfaction of the Pre-Conditions to Delivery the Issuer will cause to be delivered on 
or as soon as practicable after the date on which such Early Redemption Amount is due, 
the Early Physical Redemption Amount for each Note specified in the related Delivery 
Instruction Certificate, in accordance with the instructions contained therein; and 
(ii) 
a Noteholder will not be entitled to any Early Physical Redemption Amount unless:  
(A) 
it has surrendered the relevant Notes to the Issuing and Paying Agent (in the case of 
Bearer Notes) or the Certificate representing such Notes to the Transfer Agent (in 
the case of Registered Notes); 
(B) 
it has delivered a Delivery Instruction Certificate to the Issuing and Paying Agent’s 
Specified Office; 
(C) 
it has paid all costs and expenses (including any stamp or other taxes) payable in 
connection with the delivery of the Early Physical Redemption Amount to such 
Noteholder; 
(D) 
it has represented and warranted to the Issuer that delivery of the Physical 
Redemption Amount to such Noteholder is permitted by all relevant laws, rules and 
regulations and the terms of the relevant Remaining Original Collateral; and  
(E) 
where such Noteholder is a Sole Noteholder, it has:  
(I) 
paid into the account of the Swap Counterparty designated in the Swap 
Agreement the absolute amount of any Termination Payment in respect of the 
Swap Agreement that is payable by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty in the 
Termination Currency (as defined in the Swap Agreement); 
(II) paid into the account of the Repo Counterparty designated in the Repo 
Agreement the absolute amount of any Termination Payment in respect of the 
Repo Agreement that is payable by the Issuer to the Repo Counterparty in the 
Termination Currency (as defined in the Repo Agreement); and/or 
(III) paid into the account of the SL Counterparty designated in the SL Agreement 
the absolute amount of any Termination Payment in respect of the SL 
Agreement that is payable by the Issuer to the SL Counterparty in the 
Termination Currency (as defined in the SL Agreement), 
in freely transferable funds for value within three Business Days of the Early 
Redemption Commencement Date  
(together, the “Pre-Conditions to Delivery”), provided that the Calculation Agent (on 
behalf of the Issuer) may waive the Pre-Conditions to Delivery set out above in

--- Page 191 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
191
paragraphs (B), (C) and/or (D) of this Condition 8(v)(ii) and shall bear any cost resulting 
from such waiver. As receipt for such Note or Certificate, as the case may be, the Issuing 
and Paying Agent will issue the Noteholder with a stamped, dated copy of such Delivery 
Instruction Certificate. The records of the Issuing and Paying Agent will be conclusive 
evidence of any Noteholder’s entitlement to a Physical Redemption Amount provided that 
the Issuing and Paying Agent shall not be responsible or liable for verifying whether or not 
the Pre-Conditions to Delivery under paragraph (B), (C) and/or (D) of this Condition 8(v)(ii) 
have been satisfied. 
References in the Conditions to satisfaction of obligations by payment of an Early Physical 
Redemption Amount shall, in all circumstances, be deemed to include satisfaction of those 
obligations by delivery of such Early Physical Redemption Amount. 
(w) 
Purchases
If the Issuer has made arrangements for the realisation of no more than the equivalent proportion 
of the Collateral and/or for the reduction in the notional amount of the Swap Agreement and/or the 
repurchase of a proportion of collateral under the Repo Agreement and/or for the redelivery of a 
proportion of the loaned securities under the SL Agreement in connection with the proposed 
purchase of the Notes, which transactions will leave the Issuer with no assets or net liabilities in 
respect thereof, it may purchase Notes (provided that all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open 
market or otherwise at any price. 
Notes represented by a Global Note may only be purchased by the Issuer if they are purchased 
together with the right to receive all future payments of interest and Instalment Amounts (if any) 
thereon. 
(x) 
Cancellation
All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be surrendered for cancellation, in the case 
of Bearer Notes, by surrendering each such Note together with all unmatured Receipts and 
Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to or to the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent and, in 
the case of Registered Notes, by surrendering the Certificate representing such Notes to or to the 
order of the Registrar and, in each case, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be 
cancelled forthwith (together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and all unexchanged 
Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so surrendered for cancellation may 
not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be 
discharged. 
Cancellation of any Note (other than upon such Note’s redemption) represented by a Global Note 
shall be effected by reduction in the principal amount of the Global Note representing such Note 
on its presentation to or to the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent for endorsement in the first 
schedule thereto (Principal amount of Notes represented by this Temporary Global Note or 
Principal amount of Notes represented by this Permanent Global Note, as applicable), whereupon 
the principal amount of the Global Note shall be reduced for all purposes by the amount so 
cancelled and endorsed. 
(y) 
Effect of Early Redemption Trigger Date, Maturity Date Liquidation Event, Redemption or 
Purchase and Cancellation
Upon the occurrence of an Early Redemption Trigger Date, a Maturity Date Liquidation Event or 
upon each Note of the Series being redeemed or purchased and cancelled, Conditions 8(a) (Final 
Redemption) to 8(s) (Redemption of All Classes Following an Early Redemption Trigger Date or 
an Enforcement Notice in respect of Certain Class(es) of Notes only) (inclusive) shall no longer

--- Page 192 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
192
apply to such Notes, provided that if the Early Redemption Trigger Date occurred as a result of 
any such Condition, that Condition shall continue to apply. 
9 
Calculations, Determinations, Rounding, Reference Rate Events and Original 
Collateral Disruption Events
(a) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, any Final Redemption 
Amount, any Early Redemption Amount and any Instalment Amounts
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as is practicable on each Interest Determination Date and on 
each date the Calculation Agent is required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation 
or make any determination or calculation under the Conditions or any Transaction Document, as 
the case may be: 
(i) 
determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Period and 
Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) 
calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Instalment Amount or 
other amount; 
(iii) 
obtain such quotation and/or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be; 
and 
(iv) 
cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Period and the 
relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, any Final Redemption 
Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Instalment Amount or other amount, to be notified to 
the Trustee, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and, if the Notes are 
listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange so require, such exchange, as 
soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (A) in the case of 
notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, the 
commencement of the relevant Interest Period if determined prior to such time or (B) in all 
other cases, the earlier of the date on which any relevant payment is due (if determined 
prior to such time) and the fourth London Business Day after such determination. 
Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period End Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to 
a Business Day Convention, the Interest Amount(s) and the Interest Payment Date(s) so 
published may subsequently be amended by the Calculation Agent (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made with the consent of the Trustee by way of adjustment) without notice in the 
event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. 
If, in respect of any due date for redemption, payment of the full amount of principal due for 
redemption is not made, no publication of the rates determined in accordance with this 
Condition 9(a) to be used in the calculation of any Default Interest need be made unless the 
Trustee notifies the Calculation Agent to the contrary in writing. The determination of any rate or 
amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by 
the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final, conclusive and binding 
upon all Noteholders, Couponholders, Transaction Parties and all other parties. If the Calculation 
Agent at any time does not make any determination or calculation or take any action that it is 
required to do pursuant to the Conditions or any Transaction Document, it shall forthwith notify the 
Issuer, the Trustee, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty 
and the SL Counterparty. 
In making any calculation or determination, giving any notice or exercising any discretion, in each 
case under the Conditions or any Transaction Document, the Calculation Agent does not assume

--- Page 193 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
193
any responsibility or liability to anyone other than the Issuer for whom it acts as agent. In 
particular, the Calculation Agent assumes no responsibility to Noteholders, Couponholders, the 
Trustee or any other persons in respect of its role as Calculation Agent and, without limitation, 
shall not be liable for any loss (whether a loss of profit, loss of opportunity or consequential loss), 
cost, expense or any other damage suffered by any such person. 
The Calculation Agent shall not be liable to the Issuer for any errors in calculations or 
determinations made by it hereunder, or any failure to make, or delay in making, any calculations 
or determinations (irrespective of whether such error, failure or delay affects any other calculations 
or determinations made hereunder) in the manner required of it by the Conditions save that the 
Calculation Agent shall be liable to the Issuer (but not to any other person or persons, including 
Noteholders, Couponholders and the Trustee) where such error, failure or delay arose out of its 
negligence, fraud or wilful default. For this purpose, “negligence” shall not include operational 
delay or failure, save for where such operational delay or failure is such that no reasonable person 
performing functions similar to those of the Calculation Agent in comparable circumstances, and 
working within standard office hours, could have justified such delay. Notwithstanding anything to 
the contrary in the foregoing, it is explicitly acknowledged (and shall be taken into account in any 
determination of whether it has been negligent) that the Calculation Agent will also be performing 
calculations and other functions with respect to transactions other than the Notes and that it may 
make the calculations required by the Notes and other calculations and other functions required 
by such other transactions in such order as seems appropriate to it and shall not be liable for the 
order in which it elects to perform calculations or other functions or for any delay caused by 
electing to perform calculations and other functions for such other transactions prior to those in 
respect of the Notes.  
Where the Calculation Agent (acting in a commercially reasonable manner) determines that, as a 
result of market disruption, force majeure, systems failure or any other event of an analogous 
nature, it is unable to make a calculation or determination in the manner required by the 
Conditions or any Transaction Document, then the Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer thereof 
as soon as practicable, and the Calculation Agent shall not be liable for failure to make such 
calculation or determination in the required manner. 
Where the Calculation Agent (acting in a commercially reasonable manner) determines that (I) it 
has not received the necessary information from any person or other source that is expected to 
deliver or provide the same pursuant to the Conditions or any Transaction Document which 
means that it is unable to make a determination required of it in accordance with the Conditions or 
the provisions of a Transaction Document and/or (II) one or more provisions (including any 
mathematical terms and formulae) contained in the Conditions or any Transaction Document 
appear to the Calculation Agent (taking into account the context of the transaction as a whole and 
its background understanding) to be erroneous on the basis that it is impossible to make such 
calculation or that such provisions produce a result that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, is 
economically nonsensical, the Calculation Agent shall be permitted to make its determination on 
the basis of the provisions of the Conditions or such Transaction Document but may make such 
amendments thereto as, in its opinion, are necessary to cater for relevant circumstances falling 
under (I) and/or (II) above, provided always that in so doing the Calculation Agent acts in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
Notwithstanding any other Condition and without limitation to Condition 10(i) (Currency 
Unavailability), the Calculation Agent may make any determination, judgement, amendment or 
adjustment to the Conditions of any Series of Notes (or Class thereof) or other Obligations without 
the consent of the Noteholders or other Secured Creditors in order to mitigate any circumstance or 
matter which makes it impracticable to make a payment, convert a currency, determine a rate,

--- Page 194 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
194
comply with a regulatory requirement, guideline, or market standard applicable to the relevant 
Series of Notes (or Class thereof) or other Obligations or to perform any necessary task or 
obligation under the Conditions of the Series of Notes (or Class thereof) or other Obligations; 
provided that the Calculation Agent reasonably believes (as determined by the Calculation Agent 
in good faith) that such determination, judgement, amendment or adjustment will help to preserve 
the economic expectations or benefits of the parties or facilitate the implementation of any 
regulatory requirement, guideline, or market standard applicable to the Series of Notes (or Class 
thereof) or other Obligations. The Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer and the Transaction 
Parties of any such determination, judgement, amendment or adjustment as soon as reasonably 
practicable thereafter and the Issuer shall give notice to Noteholders of any such determination, 
judgement, amendment or adjustment in accordance with Condition 22 (Notices) within five 
Reference Business Days of the Calculation Agent’s notice.
(b) 
Rounding
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to the Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified):  
(i) 
all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 of a percentage 
point being rounded up to 0.00001); and  
(ii) 
all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest unit of such currency (with one half of the lowest unit of the currency being rounded 
up, for example, GBP0.005 being rounded to GBP0.01), save in the case of Japanese yen 
or Korean won, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen or won, respectively.  
For these purposes, “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal 
tender in the country(ies) of such currency (e.g. one cent or one pence). 
(c) 
Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event  
(i) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Reference Rate Event has occurred in respect of 
a Series, it shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, deliver a notice to the Issuer (such 
notice, the “Reference Rate Event Notice”) (copied to the Issuing and Paying Agent, the 
Trustee, the Swap Counterparty and the Repo Counterparty), setting out a description in 
reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination that a Reference Rate Event 
has occurred, provided that no Reference Rate Event Notice shall be required to be 
delivered where the applicable Cut-off Date falls after the latest scheduled payment 
obligation of the Issuer under the Transaction Documents or the Reference Rate Event had 
occurred prior to the Issue Date. 
(ii) 
Following delivery of a Reference Rate Event Notice in respect of a Series, the Calculation 
Agent shall attempt to determine: 
(A) 
a Replacement Reference Rate; 
(B) 
an Adjustment Spread; and 
(C) 
such 
other 
adjustments 
(the 
“Replacement 
Reference 
Rate 
Ancillary 
Amendments”) to the Conditions (including, but not limited to, any Business Day, 
Business Day Convention, Day Count Fraction, Default Interest, Interest 
Determination Date, Interest Amount, Interest Payment Date, Interest Period, 
Interest Period End Date and Rate of Interest) which the Calculation Agent 
determines are necessary or appropriate in order to account for the effect of the 
replacement of the Reference Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate (as

--- Page 195 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
195
adjusted by the Adjustment Spread) and/or to preserve as closely as practicable the 
economic equivalence of the Notes before and after the replacement of the 
Reference Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate (as adjusted by the 
Adjustment Spread), 
(the amendments required to the Conditions to reflect paragraphs (A) to (C) together, the 
“Replacement Reference Rate Amendments”). 
(iii) 
If the Calculation Agent determines a Replacement Reference Rate, an Adjustment Spread 
and the Replacement Reference Rate Ancillary Amendments pursuant to paragraph (ii) 
above, the Calculation Agent shall deliver: 
(A) 
a notice to the Issuer (such notice, the “Replacement Reference Rate Notice”) 
(copied to the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Trustee, the Swap Counterparty and 
the Repo Counterparty) which specifies any Replacement Reference Rate, any 
Adjustment Spread, the specific terms of any Replacement Reference Rate 
Amendments and the Cut-off Date; and 
(B) 
a certificate to the Trustee (such certificate, a “Replacement Reference Rate 
Amendments Certificate”): 
(I) 
specifying (w) the Reference Rate Event, (x) the Replacement Reference Rate, 
(y) the Adjustment Spread and (z) the specific terms of any Replacement 
Reference Rate Ancillary Amendments; and 
(II) 
certifying that the Replacement Reference Rate Ancillary Amendments are 
necessary or appropriate in order to account for the effect of the replacement 
of the Reference Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate (as adjusted by 
the Adjustment Spread) and/or to preserve as closely as practicable the 
economic equivalence of the Notes before and after the replacement of the 
Reference Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate (as adjusted by the 
Adjustment Spread). 
(iv) 
If either the Replacement Reference Rate Notice or the Replacement Reference Rate 
Amendments Certificate is not delivered at least two London Business Days before the Cut-
Off Date, Condition 8(n) (Redemption Following Reference Rate Event) shall apply. 
(v) 
If the Issuer receives a Replacement Reference Rate Notice from the Calculation Agent at 
least two London Business Days before the Cut-Off Date, it shall, without the consent of the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders, promptly make the Replacement Reference Rate 
Amendments, which amendments will take effect from the Cut-off Date (and the 
amendments effected by any amendment deed entered into following such date shall be 
expressed as taking effect as of the Cut-off Date). For the avoidance of doubt, references 
to the Reference Rate in the Notes and the Transaction Documents will be replaced by 
references to the Replacement Reference Rate as adjusted by the Adjustment Spread 
(provided that the Replacement Reference Rate, after application of the Adjustment 
Spread, may not be less than zero). 
The Trustee may rely, without further enquiry and without liability to any person for so 
doing, on a Replacement Reference Rate Amendments Certificate. Upon receipt of a 
Replacement Reference Rate Amendments Certificate, the Trustee shall agree to the 
Replacement Reference Rate Amendments without seeking the consent of the 
Noteholders, the Couponholders or any other party and concur with the Issuer (at the 
Issuer’s expense) in effecting the Replacement Reference Rate Amendments (including, 
inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed),

--- Page 196 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
196
provided that the Trustee shall not be required to agree to the Replacement Reference 
Rate Amendments if, in the opinion of the Trustee (acting reasonably), the Replacement 
Reference Rate Amendments would (I) expose the Trustee to any liability against which it 
has not been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction or (II) impose 
more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties or responsibilities or 
reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Trustee in the Conditions or any 
Transaction Document of any Series. 
(vi) 
The Issuer shall, promptly following the Replacement Reference Rate Amendments having 
been made, deliver a notice containing the details of the Replacement Reference Rate 
Amendments to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 22 (Notices). 
(vii) 
Neither the Calculation Agent nor the Trustee shall have any duty to monitor, enquire or 
satisfy itself as to whether any Reference Rate Event has occurred. The Calculation Agent 
shall not have any liability for giving or not giving any notice to the Issuer that a Reference 
Rate Event has occurred. 
(viii) 
Any Replacement Reference Rate Amendments will be binding on the Issuer, the 
Transaction Parties, the Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
(d) 
Specific Provisions for Certain Reference Rates 
With respect to a Reference Rate that would (i) if ISDA Rate: 2006 ISDA Definitions is applicable, 
constitute a “Relevant Benchmark” for the purposes of the 2006 ISDA Definitions Benchmarks 
Annex as published by ISDA or (ii) if ISDA Rate: 2021 ISDA Definitions is applicable, constitute an 
“Applicable Benchmark” for the purposes of the 2021 ISDA Definitions, if the definition of such 
Reference Rate includes a reference to a concept defined or otherwise described as an “index 
cessation event” (regardless of the contents of that definition or description) then, for the purposes 
of determining any Replacement Reference Rate and Adjustment Spread pursuant to 
Condition 9(c)(ii) and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, upon the 
occurrence of such an event, any fallback specified in that definition or description to apply 
following such an event (the “Priority Fallback”) shall be taken into account by the Calculation 
Agent when making its determinations in accordance with Condition 9(c)(ii).  
(e) 
Interim Measures
If, following a Reference Rate Event, the relevant Reference Rate is required for any 
determination in respect of the Notes and, at that time: 
(i) 
no amendments have occurred in accordance with Condition 9(c) (Occurrence of a 
Reference Rate Event); and 
(ii) 
an Early Redemption Trigger Date has not occurred pursuant to Condition 8(n) 
(Redemption Following Reference Rate Event), 
then, for the purposes of that determination: 
(A) 
if the Reference Rate is still available and representative (in relation to a Reference Rate 
Cessation), the Administrator/Benchmark Event Date has not yet occurred (in relation to an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event), the Risk-Free Rate Event Date has not yet occurred (in 
relation to a Risk-Free Rate Event) or the Representative Statement Event Date has not yet 
occurred (in relation to a Representative Statement Event) or the Material Change Event 
Date has not yet occurred (in relation to a Material Change Event), the level of the 
Reference Rate shall be determined pursuant to the terms that would apply to the 
determination of the Reference Rate as if no Reference Rate Event had occurred; or

--- Page 197 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
197
(B) 
if the level for the Reference Rate cannot be determined under paragraph (A) above, the 
level of the Reference Rate shall be determined by reference to the rate published in 
respect of the Reference Rate at the time at which the Reference Rate is ordinarily 
determined on (I) the day on which the Reference Rate ceased to be available or 
representative (in relation to a Reference Rate Cessation), (II) the Administrator/Benchmark 
Event Date (in relation to an Administrator/Benchmark Event), (III) the Risk-Free Rate 
Event Date (in relation to a Risk-Free Rate Event), (IV) the Representative Statement Event 
Date (in relation to a Representative Statement Event) or (V) the Material Change Event 
Date (in relation to a Material Change Event) or, if no rate is published at that time, that rate 
is non-representative or that rate cannot be used in accordance with applicable law or 
regulation, by reference to the rate published at that time on the last day on which the rate 
was published or can be used in accordance with applicable law or regulation, as 
applicable. 
(f) 
Calculation Agent Determination Standard 
Whenever the Calculation Agent is required to act, make a determination or to exercise judgment 
in any way under Condition 9(c) (Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event), without prejudice to 
Condition 9(c)(vii), it will do so in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and in 
accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
(g) 
Separate Application of Fallbacks 
If, in respect of a Series, there is more than one Reference Rate, then Conditions 9(c) 
(Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event) and 9(d) (Specific Provisions for Certain Reference 
Rates) shall apply separately to each such Reference Rate. For the avoidance of doubt, any Early 
Redemption Trigger Date that occurs pursuant to Condition 8(n) (Redemption Following 
Reference Rate Event) in respect of such Series will apply to the whole Series. 
(h) 
Acknowledgement in respect of Reference Rate Modification
If “Material Change Event” is not specified as being applicable in the Accessory Conditions and, in 
respect of a Series, the definition, methodology or formula for a Reference Rate, or other means 
of calculating such Reference Rate, is changed, then references to that Reference Rate shall be 
to the Reference Rate as changed unless, with respect to Notes issued by way of Pricing Terms 
only, otherwise specified in the applicable Pricing Terms. 
(i) 
Occurrence of an Original Collateral Disruption Event 
(i) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Original Collateral Disruption Event has 
occurred in respect of a Series, it shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, deliver a notice 
to the Issuer (copied to the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Trustee, the Swap Counterparty, 
the Repo Counterparty and the SL Counterparty), setting out a description in reasonable 
detail of the facts relevant to the determination that an Original Collateral Disruption Event 
has occurred and: 
(A) 
confirming that no amendments will be made to the Notes as a result of such 
Original Collateral Disruption Event (an “Original Collateral Disruption Event No 
Action Notice”); or 
(B) 
specifying that amendments will be made to the Conditions, the Swap Agreement, 
the Repo Agreement and the SL Agreement (the “Original Collateral Disruption 
Event Amendments”) and setting out a description in reasonable detail of such 
amendments (an “Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendment Notice”); or

--- Page 198 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
198
(C) 
specifying that the Notes will be redeemed (an “Original Collateral Disruption 
Event Redemption Notice”). 
(ii) 
If the Issuer receives an Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendment Notice from the 
Calculation Agent, it shall, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, 
promptly make the Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments, provided that: 
(A) 
no Early Redemption Trigger Date or Early Redemption Date has occurred in 
respect of the Notes; 
(B) 
the purpose of the Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments is to account for 
any Original Collateral Disruption Event Losses/Gains incurred by the Swap 
Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty and/or the SL Counterparty; and 
(C) 
the Calculation Agent certifies in writing (such certificate, an “Original Collateral 
Disruption Event Amendments Certificate”) to the Trustee that the purpose of the 
Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments is solely as set out in paragraph 
(B) above.  
The Trustee may rely, without further enquiry and without liability to any person for so 
doing, on an Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments Certificate. Upon receipt of 
an Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments Certificate, the Trustee shall agree to 
the Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments without seeking the consent of the 
Noteholders, the Couponholders or any other party and concur with the Issuer (at the 
Issuer’s expense) in effecting the Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments 
(including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to or amending the Trust 
Deed), provided that the Trustee shall not be required to agree to the Original Collateral 
Disruption Event Amendments if, in the opinion of the Trustee (acting reasonably), the 
Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments would (x) expose the Trustee to any 
liability against which it has not been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its 
satisfaction or (y) impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional 
duties or responsibilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the 
Trustee in the Conditions or any Transaction Document of any Series. 
(iii) 
The Issuer shall, promptly following making the Original Collateral Disruption Event 
Amendments, deliver a notice containing the details of the Original Collateral Disruption 
Event Amendments to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 22 (Notices). 
(iv) 
Neither the Calculation Agent nor the Trustee shall have any duty to monitor, enquire or 
satisfy itself as to whether any Original Collateral Disruption Event has occurred. The 
Calculation Agent shall not have any liability for giving or not giving any notice in respect of 
an Original Collateral Disruption Event.  
(v) 
Any Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments will be binding on the Issuer, the 
Transaction Parties, the Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if, for a Series, any Original Collateral Disruption Event 
Losses/Gains are: 
(A) 
a negative amount, such Original Collateral Disruption Event Losses/Gains may be 
accounted for by reducing the interest amount and/or principal amount payable (in 
each case subject to a minimum of zero) pursuant to the Notes for the Series; or 
(B) 
a positive amount, such Original Collateral Disruption Event Losses/Gains may be 
accounted for by increasing the interest amount and/or principal amount payable 
pursuant to the Notes for the Series.

--- Page 199 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
199
10 Payments and Talons
(a) 
Definitive Bearer Notes
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Definitive Bearer Notes shall, subject as 
mentioned below, be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Receipts (in the 
case of payments of Instalment Amounts other than on the due date for redemption and provided 
that the Receipt is presented for payment together with its related Definitive Bearer Note), 
Definitive Bearer Notes (in the case of all other payments of principal and, in the case of interest, 
as specified in Condition 10(f)(v)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in 
Condition 10(f)(v)), as the case may be, at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States by transfer to an account denominated in such currency with a Bank nominated by 
such holder presenting such Definitive Bearer Note, Receipts and/or Coupons, as the case may 
be. In this Condition 10(a), “Bank” means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency 
or, in the case of euro, in a city in which banks have access to T2. 
(b) 
Global Notes 
Any payments that are made in respect of a Global Note shall be made to its holder against 
presentation and (if no further payment falls to be made on it) surrender of it to or to the order of 
the Issuing and Paying Agent. 
If any payment of principal is made in full in respect of any Note represented by a Temporary 
Global Note, the portion of such Temporary Global Note representing such Note shall be 
cancelled and the amount so cancelled shall be endorsed by or on behalf of the Issuing and 
Paying Agent on the first schedule thereto (Principal amount of Notes represented by this 
Temporary Global Note) (such endorsement being prima facie evidence that the payment in 
question has been made) whereupon the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note shall be 
reduced for all purposes by the amount so cancelled and endorsed. 
If any payments are made in respect of the Notes represented by a Global Note (excluding 
payments of principal in respect of any Note represented by a Temporary Global Note), a record 
of each such payment shall be endorsed by or on behalf of the Issuing and Paying Agent on a 
schedule thereto (such endorsement being prima facie evidence that the payment in question has 
been made). 
No person shall be entitled to receive any payment in respect of the Notes represented by a 
Temporary Global Note that falls due on or after the TGN Exchange Date for such Notes unless, 
upon due presentation of such Temporary Global Note for exchange, delivery of (or, in the case of 
a subsequent exchange, due endorsement of) a Permanent Global Note or delivery of Definitive 
Bearer Notes, as the case may be, is improperly withheld or refused by or on behalf of the Issuer. 
Payments due in respect of a D Rules Note before the TGN Exchange Date shall only be made in 
relation to such principal amount of the Temporary Global Note with respect to which there shall 
have been Certification dated no earlier than such due date for payment. 
No person shall be entitled to receive any payment in respect of the Notes represented by a 
Permanent Global Note that falls due after the PGN Exchange Date for such Notes unless, upon 
due presentation of such Permanent Global Note for exchange, delivery of Definitive Bearer Notes 
is improperly withheld or refused by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Issuer does not perform or 
comply with any one or more of what are expressed to be its obligations under any Definitive 
Bearer Notes.

--- Page 200 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
200
(c) 
Registered Notes
(i) 
Payments of principal (which for the purposes of this Condition 10(c) shall include final 
Instalment Amounts but not other Instalment Amounts) in respect of Definitive Registered 
Notes shall be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Certificates at the 
Specified Office of any of the Transfer Agents or of the Registrar and in the manner 
provided in paragraph (ii) below. 
(ii) 
Interest (which for the purposes of this Condition 10(c) shall include all Instalment Amounts 
other than final Instalment Amounts) on Definitive Registered Notes shall be paid to the 
person shown on the Register at the close of business on the 15th day before the due date 
for payment thereof (the “Record Date”). Payments of interest on each Definitive 
Registered Note shall be made in the relevant currency by transfer to an account 
nominated by such person shown in the Register in the relevant currency maintained by the 
payee with a Bank. 
(iii) 
Each payment in respect of Registered Notes represented by a Global Certificate will be 
made to, or to the order of, the person whose name is entered on the Register at the close 
of business on the Clearing System Business Day immediately prior to the date for 
payment, where “Clearing System Business Day” means Monday to Friday inclusive 
except 25 December and 1 January. 
(d) 
Payments in the United States
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Definitive Bearer Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, 
payments in respect thereof may be made at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent in New 
York City in the same manner as aforesaid if: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with Specified Offices outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(ii) 
payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by 
exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts; and  
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the 
Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(e) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and 
directives in the place of payment. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts, and Unexchanged Talons
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Definitive Bearer Note, unmatured Coupons 
relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be 
made in respect of them. 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Definitive Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon 
relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be 
delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Definitive Bearer Note which is redeemable in 
instalments, all Receipts relating to such Note having an Instalment Date falling on or after

--- Page 201 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
201
such due date (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made 
in respect of them. 
(iv) 
Where any Definitive Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Receipts and/or 
Coupons are to become void upon the due date for redemption of these Notes is presented 
for redemption without all unmatured Receipts, unmatured Coupons, and where any 
Definitive Bearer Note is presented for redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating 
to it, redemption shall be made only against the provisions of such indemnity as the Issuer 
may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note (other than a Registered Note represented by a 
Global Certificate) is not a due date for payment of interest, interest accrued from the 
preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest Commencement Date, as the 
case may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of 
the relevant Bearer Note or Certificate representing it, as the case may be. 
(vi) 
Default Interest on any Note (other than a Registered Note represented by a Global 
Certificate) shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the 
relevant Bearer Note or Certificate representing it, as the case may be. 
(g) 
Talons
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued 
in respect of any Definitive Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be 
surrendered at the Specified Office of the Issuing and Paying Agent in exchange for a further 
Coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any 
Coupons that may have become void pursuant to Condition 18 (Prescription)). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days
If any day on which a payment is due in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a Business 
Day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Business Day, nor to any 
interest or other sum in respect of such postponed or adjusted date of payment.  
(i) 
Currency Unavailability 
If the Calculation Agent determines that, on any day when a scheduled payment is due to be 
made in respect of any Note, Swap Agreement, Repo Agreement or SL Agreement in the 
Specified Currency, the Issuer and/or the Swap Counterparty and/or the Repo Counterparty 
and/or the SL Counterparty and/or any Agent (as applicable) is or will be unable to (or it is or will 
become impracticable for it to) make such payment in the Specified Currency as a result of 
circumstances beyond such party’s control including, without limitation:  
(i) 
any sanctions or exchange controls (which may be economic or financial sanctions, trade 
embargoes or similar restrictive measures) imposed, enacted, administered or enforced by 
any relevant governmental authority in any jurisdiction in respect of which any of the Issuer, 
the Trustee, the Arranger, any Agent, the Dealers, the Swap Counterparty, the Repo 
Counterparty and/or the SL Counterparty is required to comply; or  
(ii) 
any restrictions or controls applicable to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Arranger, any Agent, 
any Dealer, the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty and/or the SL Counterparty or 
any relevant clearing system, or any of the account banks of the aforementioned,  
(any such event, a “Currency Unavailability Event”),
which would, in each case, prevent or make impracticable transfers in the Specified Currency from 
(a) the Issuer to any of the Swap Counterparty, Repo Counterparty or SL Counterparty, (b) any of

--- Page 202 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
202
the Swap Counterparty, Repo Counterparty or SL Counterparty to the Issuer and/or (c) the Issuer 
to Noteholders (each an “Affected Payment”), then the Calculation Agent shall, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, notify the Issuer (copied to the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Trustee, the 
Custodian, the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty and/or the SL Counterparty) of such 
determination (such notice, a “Currency Unavailability Event Notice”). The Issuer shall notify 
the Noteholders following receipt of a Currency Unavailability Event Notice in accordance with 
Condition 22 (Notices).  
Following receipt of a Currency Unavailability Event Notice from the Calculation Agent: 
(i) 
the Issuer (or any Agent on its behalf), the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty 
and/or the SL Counterparty, as the case may be, may (but shall not be obliged to) satisfy its 
obligations by making the Affected Payment in the Alternative Currency; 
(ii) 
if the Issuer (or any Agent on its behalf), the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty 
and/or the SL Counterparty elects to make the Affected Payment in the Alternative 
Currency and notifies the Calculation Agent accordingly (which notice may be given by 
email), the Calculation Agent shall determine the Alternative Currency-equivalent of such 
Affected Payment on the basis of the spot exchange rate at which the Specified Currency is 
offered in exchange for the Alternative Currency in an appropriate inter-bank market at the 
time and date determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to any screen rates or 
other quotations as the Calculation Agent deems appropriate (in each case, acting in good 
faith and a commercially reasonable manner); 
(iii) 
following the determination of the appropriate spot exchange rate by the Calculation Agent, 
the Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, give notice to the Issuer 
(copied to the Calculation Agent, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Trustee, the Custodian, 
the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty and the SL Counterparty) of such 
determination (including a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to such 
determination, the Alternative Currency and the applicable spot exchange rate at which the 
Specified Currency was or will be offered in exchange for the Alternative Currency) (an 
“Affected Payment Notice”) and the Issuer shall notify Noteholders of the same in 
accordance with Condition 22 (Notices); and 
(iv) 
following delivery of the Affected Payment Notice, the Affected Payment will be paid in the 
Alternative Currency on:  
(A) 
if the Affected Payment Notice is delivered two or more Reference Business Days 
prior to the relevant payment date, the relevant payment date; or  
(B) 
if the Affected Payment Notice is delivered fewer than two Reference Business Days 
prior to the relevant payment date, two Reference Business Days after the date of 
the Affected Payment Notice (provided that no party shall be entitled to any further 
interest or other payment in respect of such delay),  
in each case notwithstanding whether the Currency Unavailability Event still exists or is 
continuing on such date; provided however, that the relevant Affected Payment Notice shall 
only apply with respect to such payment and the related payment date only and, unless a 
further Affected Payment Notice has been sent in respect of a future payment subject to a 
Currency Unavailability Event, any future payments will be made in the Specified Currency. 
Where an Affected Payment is made in the Alternative Currency in accordance with this 
Condition 10(i):

--- Page 203 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
203
(A) 
such payment shall neither constitute a breach of the Swap Counterparty’s, Repo 
Counterparty’s, SL Counterparty’s or Issuer’s obligations under the Swap Agreement, Repo 
Agreement or SL Agreement and/or the Notes (as applicable) nor constitute an Event of 
Default (as defined under the relevant Swap Agreement, Repo Agreement or SL 
Agreement and/or the Notes, as applicable); and 
(B) 
for the purposes of such Affected Payment only, references in any Transaction Documents 
to the “Specified Currency” shall be deemed to be a reference to the Alternative Currency. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Transaction Party shall have any duty to monitor, enquire or satisfy 
itself as to whether any Currency Unavailability Event has occurred. No Transaction Party shall 
have any obligation to give, nor any responsibility or liability for giving or not giving, any notice to 
the Issuer that a Currency Unavailability Event has occurred. If the Noteholders provide the 
relevant business unit of the Calculation Agent with details of the circumstances which could 
constitute a Currency Unavailability Event, the Calculation Agent will consider such notice, but will 
not be obliged to determine that a Currency Unavailability Event has occurred solely as a result of 
receipt of such notice. If the Calculation Agent gives a notice to the Trustee of the occurrence of a 
Currency Unavailability Event, the Trustee shall be entitled to rely conclusively on such notice 
without further investigation.
11 Agents
(a) 
Appointment of Agents and Custodian
The Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents, the 
Custodian, the Disposal Agent and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their 
respective Specified Offices are listed in the applicable Accessory Conditions. Subject to the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement and the Custody Agreement, the Issuing and Paying Agent, 
the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents, the Custodian, the Disposal Agent and the 
Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or 
relationship of agency or trust for or with any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves 
the right at any time with the approval of the Trustee (except that, subject to Conditions 11(b)(ii)(B) 
and 11(c)(ii)(B), the approval of the Trustee shall not be required for the appointment of a 
replacement Disposal Agent or Calculation Agent where Noteholders have directed the Issuer to 
appoint such replacement pursuant to this Condition 11) to vary or terminate the appointment of 
the Issuing and Paying Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Registrar, any Transfer Agent, the 
Custodian, the Disposal Agent or the Calculation Agent and to appoint additional or other Paying 
Agents, Transfer Agents, Custodian(s), Disposal Agent(s), Calculation Agent(s) or such other 
agents as may be required, provided that the Issuer shall, at all times, maintain (i) an Issuing and 
Paying Agent, (ii) a Registrar in relation to Registered Notes, (iii) a Transfer Agent in relation to 
Registered Notes, (iv) a Disposal Agent, (v) a Calculation Agent, (vi) a Custodian and (vii) such 
other agents as may be required by any other stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed, 
in each case as approved by the Trustee (subject as provided above). 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Definitive Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in 
Condition 10(d) (Payments in the United States). 
To the extent practicable, the Issuer shall give at least 14 days’ prior notice to the Noteholders of 
any future appointment, resignation or removal of an Agent or the Custodian or of any change by 
an Agent or the Custodian of its Specified Office in accordance with Condition 22 (Notices).

--- Page 204 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
204
(b) 
Calculation Agent Appointment, Termination and Replacement
Subject to the automatic termination of the appointment of the Calculation Agent as a result of the 
occurrence of a Calculation Agent Bankruptcy Event, the Issuer shall procure that there shall, at 
all times, be a Calculation Agent for so long as any Note is outstanding. Without prejudice to 
Condition 9(a) (Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, any Final 
Redemption Amount, any Early Redemption Amount and any Instalment Amounts), if (x) the 
Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period or to calculate 
any Interest Amount, Instalment Amount, Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount 
or to make any other calculation or determination required of it under the Conditions or the Agency 
Agreement or any other Transaction Document, as the case may be, or fails to comply with any 
other material requirement under the Conditions, the Agency Agreement or any other Transaction 
Document and, in each case, such failure has not been remedied within a reasonable period or (y) 
a Calculation Agent Bankruptcy Event occurs, then: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours (provided it has funds available for such 
purpose) (with the prior approval of the Trustee and, provided no Event of Default (as 
defined in the Swap Agreement for the Series) has occurred with respect to the Swap 
Counterparty in accordance with the terms of the Swap Agreement for the Series, the Swap 
Counterparty and, provided no Event of Default (as defined in the Repo Agreement for the 
Series) has occurred with respect to the Repo Counterparty in accordance with the terms of 
the Repo Agreement for the Series, the Repo Counterparty and, provided no Event of 
Default (as defined in the SL Agreement for the Series) has occurred with respect to the SL 
Counterparty in accordance with the terms of the SL Agreement for the Series, the SL 
Counterparty) to appoint a leading bank or financial institution engaged in the interbank 
market or other appropriate market that is most closely connected with the calculation(s) 
and/or determination(s) to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal 
London office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its 
place, provided that the terms of such appointment are substantially the same as the terms 
on which the outgoing Calculation Agent is appointed; or 
(ii) 
if a Calculation Agent Bankruptcy Event has occurred, and if the Issuer has been directed 
by an Extraordinary Resolution that the Issuer appoint a replacement Calculation Agent, 
the Issuer shall, provided that (A) such replacement is a financial institution of international 
repute that satisfies the Trustee’s “know your customer” requirements, (B) the terms of 
such appointment are substantially the same as the terms on which the outgoing 
Calculation Agent is appointed (and if any difference in such terms (in the opinion of the 
Trustee or any Agent or the Custodian (as applicable)) adversely affects the terms on which 
the Trustee or any other Agent or the Custodian is appointed, the prior written consent of 
each such affected party has also been obtained by the Issuer (such consent not to be 
unreasonably withheld or delayed)), and (C) the Issuer has been indemnified and/or 
secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction for any initial or ongoing costs, charges, fees 
and/or expenses the Issuer may incur in connection with the appointment of a replacement 
calculation agent (whether by one or more Noteholders, a Secured Creditor or any other 
third party), use reasonable endeavours (provided it has funds available for such purpose) 
to appoint the person nominated in such Extraordinary Resolution as calculation agent in 
respect of the Notes. 
(c) 
Disposal Agent Appointment, Termination and Replacement
Subject to the automatic termination of the appointment of the Disposal Agent as a result of the 
occurrence of a Disposal Agent Bankruptcy Event, the Issuer shall procure that there shall, at all 
times, be a Disposal Agent for so long as any Note is outstanding. If (x) the Disposal Agent fails

--- Page 205 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
205
duly to establish any rate, amount or value required to be determined by it under the Conditions or 
the Agency Agreement or any other Transaction Document or to take the steps required of it 
under the Conditions or the Agency Agreement to Liquidate the Collateral, as the case may be, or 
fails to comply with any other material requirement under the Conditions, the Agency Agreement 
or any other Transaction Document and, in each case, such failure has not been remedied within 
a reasonable period or (y) a Disposal Agent Bankruptcy Event occurs, then: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours (provided it has funds available for such 
purpose) (with the prior approval of the Trustee and, provided no Event of Default (as 
defined in the Swap Agreement for the Series) has occurred with respect to the Swap 
Counterparty in accordance with the terms of the Swap Agreement for the Series, the Swap 
Counterparty and, provided no Event of Default (as defined in the Repo Agreement for the 
Series) has occurred with respect to the Repo Counterparty in accordance with the terms of 
the Repo Agreement for the Series, the Repo Counterparty and, provided no Event of 
Default (as defined in the SL Agreement for the Series) has occurred with respect to the SL 
Counterparty in accordance with the terms of the SL Agreement for the Series, the SL 
Counterparty) to appoint a leading bank or financial institution engaged in the interbank 
market or other appropriate market to act as such in its place, provided that the terms of 
such appointment are substantially the same as the terms on which the outgoing Disposal 
Agent is appointed; or 
(ii) 
if a Disposal Agent Bankruptcy Event has occurred, and if the Issuer has been directed by 
an Extraordinary Resolution that the Issuer appoint a replacement Disposal Agent, the 
Issuer shall, provided that (A) such replacement is a financial institution of international 
repute that satisfies the Trustee’s “know your customer” requirements, (B) the terms of 
such appointment are substantially the same as the terms on which the outgoing Disposal 
Agent is appointed (and if any difference in such terms (in the opinion of the Trustee or any 
Agent or the Custodian (as applicable)) adversely affects the terms on which the Trustee or 
any other Agent or the Custodian is appointed, the prior written consent of each such 
affected party has also been obtained by the Issuer (such consent not to be unreasonably 
withheld or delayed)), and (C) the Issuer has been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-
funded to its satisfaction for any initial or ongoing costs, charges, fees and/or expenses the 
Issuer may incur in connection with the appointment of a replacement disposal agent 
(whether by one or more Noteholders, a Secured Creditor or any other third party), use 
reasonable endeavours (provided it has funds available for such purpose) to appoint the 
person nominated in such Extraordinary Resolution as disposal agent in respect of the 
Notes. 
(d) 
Replacement of Custodian and/or Issuing and Paying Agent upon Failure to Satisfy 
Required Ratings 
If the Custodian or the Issuing and Paying Agent (each, a “Rated Entity”) fails to maintain the 
Required Ratings or ceases to be rated by S&P or Moody’s, clause 34.3 (Ratings) of the Custody 
Agreement or clause 18.5 (Ratings) of the Agency Agreement shall apply (as applicable) and the 
Rated Entity’s appointment may be terminated at the election of the Issuer, the Swap 
Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty or the SL Counterparty and shall be terminated if the Issuer 
is so directed by the Noteholders acting by an Extraordinary Resolution (provided that, for this 
purpose, the Extraordinary Resolution must be passed by holders of 100 per cent. of the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding). 
The Issuer shall use all reasonable endeavours to procure the replacement of the Rated Entity 
which will occur not earlier than the date falling 33 calendar days following the date on which (i) 
the Issuer, the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty or the SL Counterparty elected that the

--- Page 206 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
206
Rated Entity’s appointment should be terminated or (ii) the Issuer was directed by the Noteholders 
acting by an Extraordinary Resolution (provided that, for this purpose, the Extraordinary 
Resolution must be passed by holders of 100 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes then outstanding) to terminate the appointment of the Rated Entity provided that such 
replacement (A) is a financial institution of international repute, (B) has the Required Ratings and 
(C) is appointed on terms substantially similar to the terms on which the outgoing Rated Entity 
was appointed. 
The termination of a Rated Entity’s appointment pursuant to clause 34.3 (Ratings) of the Custody 
Agreement or clause 18.5 (Ratings) of the Agency Agreement shall not take effect: 
(i) 
until a replacement Rated Entity has been appointed; and 
(ii) 
if there would cease to be Rated Entity as required by the Conditions or by any relevant 
stock exchange as a result of such termination. 
12 Taxation
(a) 
Withholding or Deductions on Payments in respect of the Notes  
Without prejudice to Condition 8(d) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons), all payments in respect of 
the Notes will be made subject to any withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present 
or future taxes, duties or charges of whatsoever nature that the Issuer, the Trustee or any Agent is 
required by applicable law to make. In that event, the Issuer, the Trustee or such Agent shall 
make such payment after such withholding or deduction has been made and shall account to the 
relevant authorities for the amount(s) so required to be withheld or deducted. None of the Issuer, 
the Trustee or any Agent will be obliged to make any additional payments to Noteholders in 
respect of such withholding or deduction. For the purposes of this Condition 12(a), any withholding 
required by an Information Reporting Regime shall be deemed to be required by applicable law. 
(b) 
Provision of Information 
Each Noteholder, Couponholder and beneficial owner of Notes shall, within 10 London Business 
Days of the Issuer giving a request in accordance with Condition 22 (Notices) or receipt of a 
request from any agent acting on behalf of the Issuer, supply to the Issuer and/or any agent acting 
on behalf of the Issuer such forms, documentation and other information relating to such 
Noteholder’s, Couponholder’s or beneficial owner’s status under any Applicable Law (including, 
without limitation, any Information Reporting Regime) or any agreement entered into by the Issuer 
pursuant thereto as the Issuer and/or any agent acting on behalf of the Issuer reasonably requests 
for the purposes of the Issuer’s or such agent’s compliance with such law or agreement and such 
Noteholder, Couponholder or beneficial owner shall notify the Issuer and/or any agent acting on 
behalf of the Issuer (as applicable) reasonably promptly if it becomes aware that any of the forms, 
documentation or other information provided by such Noteholder, Couponholder or beneficial 
owner is (or becomes) inaccurate in any material respect; provided, however, that no Noteholder, 
Couponholder or beneficial owner shall be required to provide any forms, documentation or other 
information pursuant to this Condition 12(b) to the extent that: 
(i) 
any such form, documentation or other information (or the information required to be 
provided on such form or documentation) is not reasonably available to such Noteholder, 
Couponholder or beneficial owner and cannot be obtained by such Noteholder, 
Couponholder or beneficial owner using reasonable efforts; or 
(ii) 
doing so would or might in the reasonable opinion of such Noteholder, Couponholder or 
beneficial owner constitute a breach of any (A) Applicable Law, (B) fiduciary duty or (C) 
duty of confidentiality,

--- Page 207 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
207
and, in each case, such Noteholder, Couponholder or beneficial owner promptly provides written 
notice to the Issuer and/or any agent acting on behalf of the Issuer (as applicable) stating that it is 
unable to comply with the Issuer’s and/or such agent’s request and the reason for such inability to 
comply.  
The Issuer and its duly authorised agents and delegates may disclose the forms, documentation 
and other information provided to the Issuer and/or any agent acting on behalf of the Issuer (as 
applicable) pursuant to this Condition 12(b) to any taxation or other governmental authority. 
For the purposes of this Condition 12(b), “Applicable Law” shall be deemed to include (A) any 
rule or practice of any Authority by which the Issuer or any agent on behalf of the Issuer is bound 
or with which it is accustomed to comply, (B) any agreement between any Authorities and (C) any 
agreement between any Authority and the Issuer or any agent on behalf of the Issuer that is 
customarily entered into by institutions of a similar nature.  
(c) 
FATCA Amendments 
Each Noteholder, Couponholder and beneficial owner of the Notes further agrees and consents 
that, in respect of applicable Information Reporting Regimes, the Issuer may:  
(i) 
comply with the terms of any intergovernmental agreement between the U.S. and another 
jurisdiction with respect to FATCA or any legislation implementing such an 
intergovernmental agreement; 
(ii) 
enter into an agreement with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service; or  
(iii) 
comply with other legislation or agreements under an applicable Information Reporting 
Regime,  
in each case, in such form as may be required to avoid the imposition of withholding on payments 
made to the Issuer, or fines or penalties that would be suffered by the Issuer, under an applicable 
Information Reporting Regime.  
In connection therewith, the Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders, the 
Couponholders or any beneficial owner of the Notes, make such amendments to the Conditions 
and/or the Transaction Documents (except for the Programme Deed) as it determines necessary 
to enable the Issuer to enter into, or comply with the terms of, any such agreement or legislation 
(such amendments, the “FATCA Amendments”), provided that:  
(A) 
the FATCA Amendments are agreed to by each party to the affected Transaction 
Documents (in each case, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) and 
the Trustee; 
(B) 
the FATCA Amendments do not require a special quorum resolution; and 
(C) 
the Issuer certifies in writing (such certificate, a “FATCA Amendments Certificate”) to the 
Trustee and each party to the affected Transaction Documents that the FATCA 
Amendments (I) are necessary to avoid the imposition of withholding on payments made to 
the Issuer, or fines or penalties that would be suffered by the Issuer, under an applicable 
Information Reporting Regime and (II) do not require a special quorum resolution.  
The Trustee may rely, without further enquiry and without liability to any person for so doing, on a 
FATCA Amendments Certificate. Upon receipt of a FATCA Amendments Certificate, the Trustee 
shall agree to the FATCA Amendments without seeking the consent of the Noteholders, the 
Couponholders or any other party and concur with the Issuer (at the Issuer’s expense) in effecting 
the FATCA Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to or 
amending the Trust Deed), provided that the Trustee shall not be required to agree to the FATCA

--- Page 208 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
208
Amendments if, in the opinion of the Trustee (acting reasonably), the FATCA Amendments would 
(x) expose the Trustee to any liability against which it has not been indemnified and/or secured 
and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction or (y) impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to 
any additional duties or responsibilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to 
the Trustee in the Conditions or any Transaction Document of any Series. 
13 Liquidation
(a) 
Liquidation Event
Upon the Issuer becoming aware of the occurrence of a Liquidation Event, it shall give a 
Liquidation Commencement Notice to the Disposal Agent (copied to each of the other Transaction 
Parties) as soon as is practicable.  
Upon the Trustee becoming aware of the occurrence of a Liquidation Event, the Trustee may, and 
upon it being directed by an Extraordinary Resolution or in writing by the Swap Counterparty, the 
Repo Counterparty or the SL Counterparty (whichever shall be the first to so direct) that a 
Liquidation Event has occurred, the Trustee shall, give notice of the same to the Issuer. If the 
Issuer does not give a Liquidation Commencement Notice to the Disposal Agent (copied to each 
of the other Transaction Parties) within (i) with respect to the Jersey Issuer, two Jersey Business 
Days and (ii) with respect to the Irish Issuer, two Dublin Business Days, following receipt of notice 
from the Trustee, the Trustee shall (provided that the Trustee shall have been indemnified and/or 
secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction) give a Liquidation Commencement Notice to the 
Disposal Agent (copied to each of the other Transaction Parties) that a Liquidation Event has 
occurred as soon as is practicable. 
If at the time a Liquidation Commencement Notice is given there is no Calculation Agent or 
Disposal Agent, then, if a replacement Calculation Agent or Disposal Agent (as applicable) is 
appointed pursuant to Condition 11 (Agents), such notice shall be provided to such replacement 
Calculation Agent or Disposal Agent (if any) upon its appointment as Calculation Agent or 
Disposal Agent (as applicable). 
Neither the Disposal Agent nor the Trustee shall have any duty to monitor, enquire or satisfy itself 
as to whether a Liquidation Event has occurred. Prior to receipt by it of a Liquidation 
Commencement Notice, the Disposal Agent may assume that no Liquidation Event has occurred. 
Prior to receipt by it of a Liquidation Commencement Notice or a direction from the Noteholders 
(acting by Extraordinary Resolution), the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty or the SL 
Counterparty, the Trustee may assume that no Liquidation Event has occurred. Subject to the 
Trust Deed, the Trustee shall have no obligation, responsibility or liability to any person for giving 
a Liquidation Commencement Notice in accordance with this Condition 13(a). 
The Disposal Agent shall be entitled to rely on a Liquidation Commencement Notice without 
investigation of whether the relevant Liquidation Event has occurred.  
The Trustee shall have no responsibility or liability for the performance or any failure or delay in 
the performance by the Disposal Agent of its obligations under the Agency Agreement or the 
Conditions or for the payment of any commissions or expenses charged by the Disposal Agent or 
for any failure by the Disposal Agent to account for the proceeds of any Liquidation of Collateral in 
accordance with the Agency Agreement and the Conditions, and the Trustee shall not incur any 
liability to any person in respect of any acts or omissions or exercises of discretion of the Disposal 
Agent, who shall not be regarded as acting as the agent of the Trustee in any circumstances. 
Any Liquidation Commencement Notice given by the Issuer or the Trustee shall not be valid and 
the Disposal Agent shall not take any action in relation thereto if the Disposal Agent has already

--- Page 209 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
209
received (i) a Liquidation Commencement Notice in respect of the same or a prior Liquidation 
Event or (ii) an Enforcement Notice from the Trustee. 
(b) 
Liquidation Process
Following receipt by it of a Liquidation Commencement Notice, the Disposal Agent shall, on behalf 
of the Issuer, so far as is practicable in the circumstances and to the extent that such Collateral is 
outstanding: 
(i) 
subject to paragraph (ii) below, effect an orderly Liquidation of the Collateral commencing 
on the Liquidation Commencement Date with a view to Liquidating all the Collateral within 
the Liquidation Period, and provided that the Disposal Agent shall have no liability if the 
Liquidation of all Collateral has not been effected by the expiry of the Liquidation Period. If 
the Collateral has not been Liquidated in full by the expiry of the Liquidation Period (as 
extended by any Disposal Agent Bankruptcy Event), the Disposal Agent shall sell the 
Collateral not then Liquidated, irrespective of the price obtainable and regardless of such 
price being close to or equal to zero; and 
(ii) 
where the “Early Redemption Settlement Method” specified in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions is “Noteholder Settlement Option” and one or more of the Noteholders has not 
elected or has not been deemed to have elected to receive the Early Cash Redemption 
Amount, effect an orderly Liquidation of the Collateral commencing on the Liquidation 
Commencement Date with a view to Liquidating the relevant Collateral within the 
Liquidation Period in the following manner: 
(A) 
first, by Liquidating, as soon as reasonably practicable, an amount of Collateral 
(other than Original Collateral) sufficient to satisfy the obligations of the Issuer 
ranking in priority to the Noteholders pursuant to Condition 15(a) (Application of 
Available Proceeds of Liquidation); 
(B) 
second, to the extent the proceeds available following a Liquidation under sub-
paragraph (A) above are insufficient to satisfy the obligations of the Issuer ranking in 
priority to the Noteholders pursuant to Condition 15(a) (Application of Available 
Proceeds of Liquidation), by Liquidating, as soon as reasonably practicable, an 
amount of Original Collateral sufficient to satisfy the remainder of such obligations 
(the amount of Original Collateral comprising Collateral following such Liquidation, 
the “Remaining Original Collateral”); 
(C) 
third, by Liquidating all Non-Physically Deliverable Collateral together with any 
Excess Available Deliverable Collateral on or prior to the Early Valuation Date or the 
third Reference Business Day prior to the Relevant Payment Date, as applicable; 
and 
(D) 
fourth, by Liquidating any remaining Collateral other than the Original Collateral 
comprised in any Physical Redemption Amount payable in respect of one or more of 
the Exercised Notes, 
and provided:  
(I) 
in the event that there is more than one Component Collateral, the Disposal Agent shall 
(x) determine which Component Collateral to Liquidate in order to satisfy its obligations 
under this Condition 13(b)(ii), and (y) not be liable for any such determination or decision 
or the timing thereof, provided that it has acted in good faith and a commercially 
reasonable manner; and

--- Page 210 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
210
(II) 
the Disposal Agent shall have no liability if the Liquidation of the relevant Collateral has 
not been effected by the expiry of the Liquidation Period. If the Collateral has not been 
Liquidated in full by the expiry of the Liquidation Period (as extended by any Disposal 
Agent Bankruptcy Event), the Disposal Agent shall sell the relevant Collateral not then 
Liquidated, irrespective of the price obtainable and regardless of such price being close to 
or equal to zero. 
If, owing to the occurrence of a Disposal Agent Bankruptcy Event, there is no Disposal Agent at 
the commencement of a Liquidation Period, or the Disposal Agent is the subject of a Disposal 
Agent Bankruptcy Event during a Liquidation Period and prior to the Liquidation having been 
completed, then that Liquidation Period shall not end on the date when it would, but for the effect 
of this provision, have ended and shall instead terminate on the date falling 10 Reference 
Business Days (where “Liquidation Period Cut-off” is specified as 10 Reference Business Days in 
the applicable Accessory Conditions) or 30 Reference Business Days (where “Liquidation Period 
Cut-off” is specified as 30 Reference Business Days in the applicable Accessory Conditions) 
following the appointment of a replacement Disposal Agent. 
If a replacement Disposal Agent is appointed during a Liquidation Period then, on appointment, 
the Disposal Agent will seek to effect a Liquidation as provided in this Condition 13 and the 
Disposal Agent shall have no responsibility in respect of any period prior to its appointment. 
The Disposal Agent may take such steps as it considers appropriate in order to effect such 
Liquidation, including, but not limited to, selecting the method of Liquidating any Collateral. The 
Disposal Agent must effect any Liquidation as soon as is reasonably practicable within the 
available timeframe and in a commercially reasonable manner, even where a larger amount could 
possibly be received in respect of such Collateral if any such Liquidation were to be delayed. 
Subject to such requirement, the Disposal Agent shall be entitled to effect any Liquidation by way 
of one or multiple transactions on a single or multiple day(s). The Disposal Agent shall not be 
liable to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty, the SL 
Counterparty, the Noteholders, the Couponholders, the Custodian, the other Agents, holders of 
Receipts or any other Secured Creditor merely because a larger amount could have been 
received had any such Liquidation been delayed or had the Disposal Agent selected a different 
method of Liquidating any such Collateral. 
Notwithstanding the above, to the extent that any Liquidation consists of the sale of any Collateral, 
the Issuer and the Disposal Agent may agree that such sale will be made by the Issuer to the 
Disposal Agent and with the Disposal Agent then transacting with the relevant purchaser at the 
same price at which it purchased the Collateral from the Issuer. In such circumstance, the 
Disposal Agent would be acting on a strictly principal-to-principal basis and not as an agent of, or 
broker for, the Issuer. The Disposal Agent is under no obligation to agree to perform such a 
principal-to-principal role. If the Disposal Agent does agree to perform such a role, the Issuer may 
enter into such documentation as it, in good faith, determines appropriate in connection with such 
sale and may agree such terms as it, in good faith, deems appropriate in respect thereof, including 
(without limitation) as to the timing of settlement of the sale and as to the consequences of any 
disruption, but provided that it makes reasonable efforts to procure that any settlement would be 
made by no later than the 10th Reference Business Day (where “Liquidation Period Cut-off” is 
specified as 10 Reference Business Days in the applicable Accessory Conditions) or the 30th 
Reference Business Day (where “Liquidation Period Cut-off” is specified as 30 Reference 
Business Days in the applicable Accessory Conditions) following the relevant Early Redemption 
Trigger Date or the Maturity Date for that Series, as applicable. The Issuer shall have no liability to 
any Noteholder or other Secured Creditor in respect of any such agreement, action or 
determination.

--- Page 211 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
211
In accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed and Condition 5(d) (Disposal Agent’s Right 
Following Liquidation Event), following the occurrence of a Liquidation Event and a Liquidation 
Commencement Notice having been given, the Security shall be released without further action on 
the part of the Trustee to the extent necessary for the Disposal Agent to effect the Liquidation of 
the Collateral. Nothing in this Condition 13(b) or Condition 5(d) (Disposal Agent’s Right Following 
Liquidation Event) will operate to release the charges and other security interests over the 
proceeds of the Liquidation of the Collateral. 
Notwithstanding the obligations of the Disposal Agent pursuant to this Condition 13(b), the 
Disposal Agent shall not effect a Liquidation of any Collateral that is due to be redeemed or 
repaid, in whole or in part, on or before the third Reference Business Day prior to the Early 
Redemption Date (ignoring for this purpose the proviso to paragraph (ii) of the definition of “Early 
Redemption Date”), until the Original Collateral Call/Put Early Payment Date has occurred in 
respect of that Original Collateral. 
(c) 
Proceeds of Liquidation
The Disposal Agent shall not be liable: 
(i) 
to account for anything except actual proceeds of the Collateral received by it (after 
deduction of the Liquidation Expenses (if any) described in Condition 13(d) (Liquidation 
Expenses)) and which shall, upon receipt, automatically become subject to the Security 
created by the Trust Deed; or 
(ii) 
for any taxes, costs, charges, losses, damages, liabilities, fees, commissions or expenses 
arising from or connected with any Liquidation or from any act or omission in relation to the 
Collateral or otherwise unless such taxes, costs, charges, losses, damages, liabilities or 
expenses shall be caused by its own negligence, fraud or wilful default. 
In addition, the Disposal Agent shall not be obliged to pay to the Issuer, any Transaction Party, 
any Noteholder or any Couponholder, interest on any proceeds from any Liquidation held by it at 
any time. 
(d) 
Liquidation Expenses
The Issuer acknowledges that in effecting a Liquidation, Liquidation Expenses may be incurred. 
The Issuer agrees that any such Liquidation Expenses shall be borne by the Issuer and that the 
Disposal Agent shall only be required to remit the proceeds of such Liquidation net of such 
Liquidation Expenses. Where the Disposal Agent makes such net remittance to the Issuer but has 
itself received the relevant payment on a gross basis, the Disposal Agent agrees to apply the 
relevant amount retained by it in payment of such Liquidation Expenses.  
(e) 
Good Faith of Disposal Agent
In effecting any Liquidation, the Disposal Agent shall act in good faith and, subject as provided 
above, in respect of any sale, early repayment, early redemption or agreed termination in respect 
of the Collateral, shall agree a price that it reasonably believes to be representative of, or better 
than, the price available in the market for the sale of such Collateral in the appropriate size at that 
time, taking into account the total amount of Collateral to be sold, repaid, redeemed or terminated. 
(f) 
Disposal Agent to Use Reasonable Care
The Disposal Agent shall use reasonable care in the performance of its duties but shall not be 
responsible for any loss or damage suffered by any party as a result thereof, save that the 
Disposal Agent’s liability to the Issuer shall not be so limited where the loss or damage results 
from the negligence, fraud or wilful default of the Disposal Agent.

--- Page 212 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
212
(g) 
No Relationship of Agency or Trust
The Disposal Agent shall not have any obligations towards, or relationship of agency or trust with, 
any Noteholder, Couponholder or any other Transaction Party. 
(h) 
Consultations on Legal Matters
The Disposal Agent may consult on any legal matter any reputable legal adviser of international 
standing selected by it, who may be an employee of the Disposal Agent or adviser to the Issuer, 
and it shall not be liable in respect of anything done or omitted to be done relating to that matter in 
good faith in accordance with that adviser’s opinion. 
(i) 
Reliance on Documents
The Disposal Agent shall not be liable in respect of anything done or suffered by it in reliance on a 
document it reasonably believed to be genuine and to have been signed by the proper parties or 
on information to which it should properly have regard and which it reasonably believed to be 
genuine and to have been originated by the proper parties. 
(j) 
Entry into Contracts and Other Transactions
The Disposal Agent may enter into any contracts or any other transactions or arrangements with 
any of the Issuer, any other Transaction Party, any Noteholder, any Couponholder or any Original 
Collateral Obligor, or any Affiliate of any of them (whether in relation to the Notes, the Collateral, 
the Security or any other transaction or obligation whatsoever), and may hold or deal in or be a 
party to the assets, obligations or agreements of which the relevant Collateral forms a part and 
other assets, obligations or agreements of any Original Collateral Obligor in respect of the 
Collateral. The Disposal Agent shall not be required to disclose any such contract, transaction or 
arrangement to any Noteholder, any Couponholder or other Transaction Party and shall be in no 
way accountable to the Issuer or (save as otherwise provided in the Agency Agreement and the 
Conditions) to any Noteholder, any Couponholder or any other Transaction Party for any profits or 
benefits arising from any such contract(s), transaction(s) or arrangement(s). 
(k) 
Illegality
The Disposal Agent shall not be liable to effect a Liquidation of any of the Collateral if it 
determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, that:  
(i) 
any such Liquidation of some or all of the Collateral in accordance with this Condition 13:  
(A) 
would or might require or result in a violation by the Disposal Agent of any applicable 
law or regulation in any jurisdiction, including any insolvency prohibition or 
moratorium on the disposal of assets; or  
(B) 
would or might require or result in any Affiliate of the Disposal Agent being in 
violation of any applicable law or regulation; or  
(ii) 
for any other reason it is not possible for it to dispose of the Collateral (even at zero), and 
the Disposal Agent notifies the Issuer and the Trustee of the same. 
(l) 
Sales to Itself and Affiliates
In effecting any Liquidation, the Disposal Agent may sell any Collateral to itself, to any of its 
Affiliates, to any Affiliates of the Swap Counterparty, to any Affiliates of the Repo Counterparty or 
to any Affiliates of the SL Counterparty, provided that:  
(i) 
the Disposal Agent sells at a price that it reasonably believes to be a fair market price;

--- Page 213 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
213
(ii) 
following a Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event, the Disposal Agent shall not sell to the 
Swap Counterparty or any Affiliate of the Swap Counterparty; 
(iii) 
following a Repo Counterparty Bankruptcy Event, the Disposal Agent shall not sell to the 
Repo Counterparty or any Affiliate of the Repo Counterparty; and  
(iv) 
following an SL Counterparty Bankruptcy Event, the Disposal Agent shall not sell to the SL 
Counterparty or any Affiliate of the SL Counterparty.  
A sale price shall be deemed to be a fair market price if two major market makers in the applicable 
market have either refused to buy the relevant assets or offered to buy them at a price equal to or 
less than such sale price. 
(m) 
Notification of Enforcement Event
Upon the Trustee giving an Enforcement Notice to the Disposal Agent following the occurrence of 
an Enforcement Event, the Disposal Agent shall cease to effect any further Liquidation of any 
Collateral, and shall take no further action to Liquidate any Collateral save that any transaction 
entered into in connection with the Liquidation on or prior to the date any such Enforcement Notice 
was given shall be settled and the Disposal Agent shall take any steps and actions necessary to 
settle such transaction and/or that are incidental thereto. 
(n) 
Transfer of Collateral
Subject to Condition 13(l) (Sales to Itself and Affiliates), in effecting any Liquidation, the Disposal 
Agent may sell any Collateral to itself or to any of its Affiliates, provided that the price for such 
Collateral is paid to the Custodian or to the order of the Issuer. The Disposal Agent shall not have 
the right to transfer the Collateral to itself or to any of its Affiliates other than in connection with a 
sale thereof to itself or one of its Affiliates, as applicable, and provided that such sale is executed 
on a delivery versus payment basis. 
Notwithstanding the immediately preceding paragraph, if the Disposal Agent has reasonable 
grounds to believe that a Custodian Bankruptcy Event has occurred and it has not received 
contrary orders from the Issuer it shall make arrangements for any such price for the Collateral to 
instead be paid to the Issuing and Paying Agent, provided that, if it has reasonable grounds to 
believe that an Issuing and Paying Agent Bankruptcy Event has also occurred, it shall remit such 
net proceeds of the Liquidation in accordance with the Issuer’s instructions and subject to the 
Security created by the Trust Deed. 
14 Enforcement of Security
(a) 
Trustee to Enforce Security
At any time after the Trustee becomes aware of the occurrence of an Enforcement Event, it may, 
and (i) if so requested in writing by holders of at least 20 per cent. of the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes then outstanding, (ii) if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution, (iii) if so 
directed in writing by the Swap Counterparty, (iv) if so directed in writing by the Repo Counterparty 
or (v) if so directed in writing by the SL Counterparty (whichever shall be the first to so request or 
direct, as the case may be), shall (provided in each case that the Trustee shall have been 
indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction and provided that the Trustee has 
given an Enforcement Notice to the Issuer, the Custodian, the Swap Counterparty, the Repo 
Counterparty, the SL Counterparty and any Disposal Agent appointed at that time), enforce the 
Security constituted by the Trust Deed and/or any other Security Documents (if applicable).

--- Page 214 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
214
(b) 
Enforcement Notice
Prior to taking any steps to enforce the Security, the Trustee shall notify (such notice being an 
“Enforcement Notice”) the Issuer, the Custodian, the Swap Counterparty, the Repo 
Counterparty, the SL Counterparty and any Disposal Agent appointed at that time that (i) the 
Trustee intends to enforce the Security constituted by the Trust Deed and/or any other Security 
Documents (if applicable) and (ii) the Disposal Agent is to cease to effect any further Liquidation of 
the Collateral (if such Liquidation is taking place), save that any transaction entered into in 
connection with the Liquidation on or prior to the date such Enforcement Notice was given shall be 
settled and the Disposal Agent shall take any steps and actions necessary to settle such 
transaction and/or that are incidental thereto. 
(c) 
Enforcement of Security
In order to enforce the Security, the Trustee may: 
(i) 
sell, call in, collect and convert the Mortgaged Property into money in such manner and on 
such terms as it shall think fit, and the Trustee may, at its discretion, take possession of all 
or part of the Mortgaged Property over which the Security shall have become enforceable; 
(ii) 
take such action, step or proceeding against any Collateral Obligor as it deems appropriate 
but without any liability to the Noteholders or Couponholders or any other Secured Creditor 
as to the consequence of such action, step or proceeding; and 
(iii) 
take any such other action or step or enter into any such other proceedings as it deems 
appropriate (including, without limitation, taking possession of all or any of the Mortgaged 
Property and/or appointing a receiver) as are permitted under the terms of the Trust Deed 
and/or any other Security Documents (if applicable). 
The Trustee shall not be required to take any action, step or proceeding in relation to the 
enforcement of the Security without first being indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its 
satisfaction. When taking any action, step or proceeding in relation to the enforcement of the 
Security, the Trustee shall be entitled to do so without having regard to the effect of such action, 
step or proceeding on individual Noteholders or Couponholders or any other Secured Creditor. 
15 Application of Available Proceeds
(a) 
Application of Available Proceeds of Liquidation
The Issuer shall, on each Issuer Application Date, apply the Available Proceeds as they stand on 
each such date as follows: 
(i) 
first, pari passu, in payment of: 
(A) 
where immediately prior to the associated termination of the Swap Agreement, the 
Swap Counterparty’s Credit Support Balance (VM) (if any, in its capacity as 
Transferor under the Credit Support Annex) was greater than zero, an amount (as 
determined by the party responsible for determining such amounts under the Swap 
Agreement and such amount being a “CSB Return Amount”) equal to the lesser of 
(I) the Available Proceeds, (II) the value of the Swap Counterparty’s Credit Support 
Balance (VM) that was used in determining the Early Termination Amount (as 
defined in the Swap Agreement) payable under the Swap Agreement and (III) the 
value of the amounts owing to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement, if 
any, which shall be deemed to be zero if no such amounts are owing (the excess of 
the value referred to in (III) above the value referred to in (II) above, if any, the 
“Remaining Swap Counterparty Claim Amount”) to the Swap Counterparty;

--- Page 215 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
215
(B) 
where immediately prior to the associated termination of the Repo Agreement, the 
Net Margin (as defined in the Repo Agreement) provided to the Issuer (if any) was 
greater than zero, an amount (as determined by the party responsible for 
determining such amounts under the Repo Agreement and such amount being a 
“Net Margin Return Amount”) equal to the lesser of (I) the Available Proceeds, (II) 
the Default Market Values of the Equivalent Margin Securities and Cash Margin (as 
each such term is defined in the Repo Agreement) (including the amount of interest 
accrued) forming such Net Margin provided to the Issuer and (III) the value of the 
amounts owing to the Repo Counterparty under the Repo Agreement, if any, which 
shall be deemed to be zero if no such amounts are owing (the excess of the value 
referred to in (III) above the value referred to in (II) above, if any, the “Remaining 
Repo Counterparty Claim Amount”) to the Repo Counterparty; and  
(C) 
where immediately prior to the associated termination (if applicable) of the SL 
Agreement, the amount by which the Market Value of the Collateral, (for which 
purpose the Collateral Valuation Percentage shall be 100 per cent.) (each as defined 
in the SL Agreement) provided by the SL Counterparty exceeded the Market Value 
of Securities equivalent to the Loaned Securities (each as defined in the SL 
Agreement) (the “SL Net Margin”) was greater than zero, an amount (as determined 
by the SL Counterparty or, if the SL Counterparty is the Defaulting Party (as defined 
in the SL Agreement), the Issuer and such amount being a “SL Net Margin Return 
Amount”) equal to the lesser of (I) the Available Proceeds, (II) the Default Market 
Values of the securities forming such SL Net Margin provided to the Issuer and (III) 
the value of the amounts owing to the SL Counterparty under the SL Agreement, if 
any, which shall be deemed to be zero if “o such amounts are owing (the excess of 
the value referred to in (III) above over the value referred to in (II) above, if any, the 
“Remaining SL Counterparty Claim Amount”) to the SL Counterparty; 
(ii) 
secondly, in payment or satisfaction of any taxes owing by the Issuer for that Series;  
(iii) 
thirdly, in payment or satisfaction of the fees, costs, charges, expenses and liabilities (if 
any) incurred by the Trustee under the Trust Deed and the other Transaction Documents 
(including, but not limited to, any taxes required to be paid and the Trustee’s remuneration); 
(iv) 
fourthly, pari passu, in payment of (A) any amounts owing to the Custodian for 
reimbursement in respect of payments properly made by it in accordance with the terms of 
the Custody Agreement relating to sums receivable on or in respect of the relevant 
Collateral, (B) any amounts owing to the Issuing and Paying Agent for reimbursement in 
respect of payments properly made by it in accordance with the terms of the Agency 
Agreement to any person in discharge of a Secured Payment Obligation and (C) any fees, 
costs, charges, expenses and liabilities then due and payable to the Agents under the 
Agency Agreement and to the Custodian under the Custody Agreement; 
(v) 
fifthly, in payment or satisfaction of the Disposal Agent Fees; 
(vi) 
sixthly, in payment of any expenses of the Issuer incurred after the Issue Date which were 
not contemplated by the Issuer at the Issue Date; 
(vii) 
seventhly, pari passu, in payment of:  
(A) 
any amounts owing to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement (which, to 
the extent that a CSB Return Amount has been paid to the Swap Counterparty in 
accordance with Condition 15(a)(i), shall be limited to the Remaining Swap 
Counterparty Claim Amount);

--- Page 216 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
216
(B) 
any amounts owing to the Repo Counterparty under the Repo Agreement (which, to 
the extent that a Net Margin Return Amount has been paid to the Repo Counterparty 
in accordance with Condition 15(a)(i), shall be limited to the Remaining Repo 
Counterparty Claim Amount); and 
(C) 
any amounts owing to the SL Counterparty under the SL Agreement (which, to the 
extent that an SL Net Margin Return Amount has been paid to the SL Counterparty 
in accordance with Condition 15(a)(i), shall be limited to the Remaining SL 
Counterparty Claim Amount); 
(viii) 
eighthly, in payment of (A) any Early Redemption Amount then due and payable, (B) any 
Final Redemption Amount then due and payable and/or (C) any interest or Instalment 
Amount that became due and payable on the Maturity Date and that remains due and 
payable, as applicable, and, in each case, any interest accrued thereon (which, for the 
avoidance of doubt, shall include Default Interest) to the Noteholders; and 
(ix) 
ninthly, in payment rateably of the Residual Amount to the Noteholders, 
save that no such application shall be made at any time following an Enforcement Notice having 
been given by the Trustee following the occurrence of an Enforcement Event. 
Any Secured Creditor that has a claim in respect of more than one Secured Payment Obligation 
may rank differently in respect of each Secured Payment Obligation. 
If, following the Initial Issuer Application Date, the Issuer receives any sum from the Mortgaged 
Property, the Issuer shall send a notice to the Trustee, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Disposal 
Agent (where there is one), the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty and the SL 
Counterparty of the same as soon as is practicable upon receiving any such sum. 
(b) 
Application of Available Proceeds of Enforcement of Security
Subject to and in accordance with the terms of the Security Documents, with effect from the date 
on which any Enforcement Notice is given by the Trustee following the occurrence of an 
Enforcement Event, the Trustee will hold the Available Proceeds received by it under the Trust 
Deed on trust to apply them as they stand on each Trustee Application Date as follows: 
(i) 
first, pari passu, in payment of: 
(A) 
where immediately prior to the associated termination of the Swap Agreement, the 
Swap Counterparty’s Credit Support Balance (VM) (if any, in its capacity as 
Transferor under the Credit Support Annex) was greater than zero, an amount (as 
determined by the Swap Counterparty or the party responsible for determining such 
amounts under the Swap Agreement and such amount being a “CSB Return 
Amount”) equal to the lesser of (I) the Available Proceeds, (II) the value of the Swap 
Counterparty’s Credit Support Balance (VM) that was used in determining the Early 
Termination Amount (as defined in the Swap Agreement) payable under the Swap 
Agreement and (III) the value of the amounts owing to the Swap Counterparty under 
the Swap Agreement, if any, which shall be deemed to be zero if no such amounts 
are owing (the excess of the value referred to in (III) above the value referred to in 
(II) above, if any, the “Remaining Swap Counterparty Claim Amount”) to the 
Swap Counterparty; 
(B) 
where immediately prior to the associated termination of the Repo Agreement, the 
Net Margin (as defined in the Repo Agreement) provided to the Issuer (if any) was 
greater than zero, an amount (as determined by the party responsible for 
determining such amounts under the Repo Agreement and such amount being a

--- Page 217 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
217
“Net Margin Return Amount”) equal to the lesser of (I) the Available Proceeds, (II) 
the Default Market Values of the Equivalent Margin Securities and Cash Margin (as 
each such term is defined in the Repo Agreement) (including the amount of interest 
accrued) forming such Net Margin provided to the Issuer and (III) the value of the 
amounts owing to the Repo Counterparty under the Repo Agreement, if any, which 
shall be deemed to be zero if no such amounts are owing (the excess of the value 
referred to in (III) above the value referred to in (II) above, if any, the “Remaining 
Repo Counterparty Claim Amount”) to the Repo Counterparty; and 
(C) 
where immediately prior to the associated termination (if applicable) of the SL 
Agreement, the amount by which the Market Value of the Collateral (for which 
purpose the Collateral Valuation Percentage shall be 100 per cent.) (each as defined 
in the SL Agreement) provided by the SL Counterparty exceeded the Market Value 
of Securities equivalent to the Loaned Securities (each as defined in the SL 
Agreement) (the “SL Net Margin”) was greater than zero, an amount (as determined 
by the SL Counterparty or, if the SL Counterparty is the Defaulting Party (as defined 
in the SL Agreement), the Issuer and such amount being a “SL Net Margin Return 
Amount”) equal to the lesser of (I) the Available Proceeds, (II) the Default Market 
Values of the securities forming such SL Net Margin provided to the Issuer and (III) 
the value of the amounts owing to the SL Counterparty under the SL Agreement, if 
any, which shall be deemed to be zero if no such amounts are owing (the excess of 
the value referred to in (III) above over the value referred to in (II) above, if any, the 
“Remaining SL Counterparty Claim Amount”) to the SL Counterparty; 
(ii) 
secondly, in payment or satisfaction of any taxes owing by the Issuer for that Series;  
(iii) 
thirdly, in payment or satisfaction of the fees, costs, charges, expenses and liabilities (if 
any) incurred by the Trustee or any receiver in preparing and executing the trusts under the 
Trust Deed and carrying out its functions under the Trust Deed and the other Transaction 
Documents (including, but not limited to, any taxes required to be paid, the cost of realising 
any Security and the Trustee’s remuneration); 
(iv) 
fourthly, pari passu, in payment of (A) any amounts owing to the Custodian for 
reimbursement in respect of payments properly made by it in accordance with the terms of 
the Custody Agreement relating to sums receivable on or in respect of the relevant 
Collateral, (B) any amounts owing to the Issuing and Paying Agent for reimbursement in 
respect of payments properly made by it in accordance with the terms of the Agency 
Agreement to any person in discharge of a Secured Payment Obligation and (C) any fees, 
costs, charges, expenses and liabilities then due and payable to the Agents under the 
Agency Agreement and to the Custodian under the Custody Agreement; 
(v) 
fifthly, in payment or satisfaction of any Disposal Agent Fees incurred in respect of any 
Liquidation prior to such Trustee Application Date and which have not already been paid to 
the Disposal Agent pursuant to Condition 15(a) (Application of Available Proceeds of 
Liquidation); 
(vi) 
sixthly, to the extent that the Arranger has requested reimbursement of any such expenses 
of the Issuer, in payment of any expenses of the Issuer incurred after the Issue Date which 
were not contemplated by the Issuer at the Issue Date; 
(vii) 
seventhly, pari passu, in payment of:  
(A) 
any amounts owing to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement (which, to 
the extent that a CSB Return Amount has been paid to the Swap Counterparty in

--- Page 218 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
218
accordance with Condition 15(b)(i), shall be limited to the Remaining Swap 
Counterparty Claim Amount); 
(B) 
any amounts owing to the Repo Counterparty under the Repo Agreement (which, to 
the extent that a Net Margin Return Amount has been paid to the Repo Counterparty 
in accordance with Condition 15(b)(i), shall be limited to the Remaining Repo 
Counterparty Claim Amount); and 
(C) 
any amounts owing to the SL Counterparty under the SL Agreement (which, to the 
extent that an SL Net Margin Return Amount has been paid to the SL Counterparty 
in accordance with Condition 15(b)(i), shall be limited to the Remaining SL 
Counterparty Claim Amount); 
(viii) 
eighthly, in payment of (A) any Early Redemption Amount then due and payable, (B) any 
Final Redemption Amount then due and payable and/or (C) any interest or Instalment 
Amount that became due and payable on the Maturity Date and that remains due and 
payable, as applicable, and, in each case, any interest accrued thereon (which, for the 
avoidance of doubt, shall include Default Interest) to the Noteholders; and 
(ix) 
ninthly, in payment rateably of the Residual Amount to the Noteholders. 
Any Secured Creditor that has a claim in respect of more than one Secured Payment Obligation 
may rank differently in respect of each Secured Payment Obligation. 
If the amount of moneys available to the Trustee for payment in respect of the Notes under this 
Condition 15(b) at any time following the Trustee giving an Enforcement Notice in accordance with 
the Conditions, other than where the Mortgaged Property has been exhausted, amount to less 
than 10 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding, the Trustee 
shall not be obliged to make any payments under this Condition 15(b) and, if it does not make any 
such payments, it may, at its discretion, place and retain such amounts on deposit as provided in 
Condition 15(c) (Deposits) and accumulate the resulting income and shall retain the deposits and 
accumulations until (A) such deposits and accumulations, together with any other funds for the 
time being under the Trustee’s control and available for such payment (including funds resulting 
from the enforcement of the Security), amount to at least 10 per cent. of the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes then outstanding or (B) the Mortgaged Property is exhausted and then, in 
each case, such amounts, accumulations and funds (after deduction of, or provision for, any 
applicable taxes and Negative Interest) shall be applied as specified in this Condition 15(b). 
(c) 
Deposits
Moneys held by the Trustee may, at its discretion, be deposited in its name in an account bearing 
a market rate of interest (and, for the avoidance of doubt, the Trustee shall not be required to 
obtain best rates, be responsible for any loss occasioned by such deposit (subject to the 
provisions of the Trust Deed) or exercise any other form of investment discretion with respect to 
such deposits) in the name or under the control of the Trustee at such bank or other financial 
institution and in such currency as the Trustee may, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, think fit in light of the claims under Condition 15(b) (Application of Available 
Proceeds of Enforcement of Security) and not for the purposes of generating income. If such 
moneys are placed on deposit with a bank or financial institution which is a subsidiary, holding 
company, affiliate or associated company of the Trustee, it need only account for an amount of 
interest equal to the standard amount of interest payable by it on such a deposit to an 
independent customer. The Trustee may at any time convert any moneys so deposited into any 
other currency and will not be responsible for any resulting loss whether due to depreciation in 
value, fluctuations in exchange rates or otherwise (subject to the provisions of the Trust Deed).

--- Page 219 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
219
The parties acknowledge and agree that, if the interest rate in respect of certain currencies is a 
negative value, the application thereof would result in amounts being debited from funds held by 
such bank or financial institution. 
(d) 
Insufficient Proceeds
If, following a Liquidation Event or an Enforcement Event, the available cash sums pursuant to 
Conditions 15(a) (Application of Available Proceeds of Liquidation) or 15(b) (Application of 
Available Proceeds of Enforcement of Security) are insufficient for the Noteholders to receive 
payment in full of (i) any Early Redemption Amount that has become due and payable, (ii) any 
Final Redemption Amount that has become due and payable and/or (iii) any interest or Instalment 
Amount that has become due and payable on the Maturity Date, as applicable, and, in each case, 
any interest accrued thereon, the Noteholders will receive an amount which is less than any such 
amount, and the provisions of Condition 17 (Limited Recourse and Non-Petition) will apply. 
(e) 
Foreign Exchange Conversion
To the extent that any proceeds payable to any party pursuant to this Condition 15 are not 
denominated in the relevant currency of such Secured Payment Obligation (the “Payment 
Currency”), then the minimum amount of such proceeds that are required to be converted into the 
Payment Currency in order to meet such Secured Payment Obligation shall be converted into the 
Payment Currency at such rate or rates, in accordance with such method and as at such date as 
may be reasonably specified by the Disposal Agent (prior to the Trustee enforcing the Security 
pursuant to the Security Documents and as described in Condition 14 (Enforcement of Security)) 
or the Trustee (following the Trustee enforcing the Security pursuant to the Security Documents 
and as described in Condition 14 (Enforcement of Security)), but having regard to current rates of 
exchange, if available. Any rate, method and date so specified shall be binding on the Issuer, the 
Noteholders, the Couponholders, the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty, the SL 
Counterparty and the Custodian.  
(f) 
Swap Counterparty, Repo Counterparty or SL Counterparty Failure to Pay after Maturity
If, on or after the day falling five Reference Business Days after the Maturity Date of the Notes 
(such fifth Reference Business Day, the “Maturity Cut-off Date”): 
(i) 
there are amounts that have become payable under the Swap Agreement by the Swap 
Counterparty, the Repo Agreement by the Repo Counterparty or the SL Agreement by the 
SL Counterparty and which, in either case, remain unpaid as at the Maturity Cut-off Date or 
there are obligations that were required to be settled by delivery from the Swap 
Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty or the SL Counterparty, as applicable, to the Issuer 
on or prior to the Maturity Date and which have not been so settled as at the Maturity Cut-
off Date; 
(ii) 
no Early Termination Date has already been designated, deemed to be designated or 
occurred under the Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement or the SL Agreement; and 
(iii) 
no Early Redemption Trigger Date or Early Redemption Date has occurred under any other 
Condition, 
then the Issuer shall, as soon as is practicable after becoming aware of the same, notify the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 22 (Notices) and the Trustee in writing of the same. 
Following such notice being given by the Issuer, the Issuer shall, if so directed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution, exercise its right to designate an Early Termination Date in respect of all outstanding 
Swap Transactions under the Swap Agreement, all outstanding Repo Transactions under the 
Repo Agreement or all outstanding SL Transactions under the SL Agreement.

--- Page 220 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
220
16 Enforcement of Rights or Security
(a) 
Notes
Subject always to the terms of the Trust Deed, only the Trustee may pursue the remedies against 
the Issuer for any breach by the Issuer of the terms of the Trust Deed, the Notes or the Coupons, 
and no Noteholder or Couponholder is entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer unless the 
Trustee, having become bound to proceed in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed, fails to 
do so within a reasonable period and such failure is continuing. In respect of any failure by the 
Issuer to make payment of the Final Redemption Amount and/or any interest or Instalment 
Amount that became due and payable on the Maturity Date, the Trustee may not pursue any 
remedies against the Issuer for any breach by the Issuer of the terms of the Trust Deed, the Notes 
or the Coupons until after the Relevant Payment Date and the Trustee shall have no liability to any 
person for any loss which may arise from such delay. 
(b) 
Security
Only the Trustee may enforce the Security over the Mortgaged Property in accordance with, and 
subject to the terms of, the Trust Deed. 
(c) 
Indemnity, Security and/or Pre-funding
The Trustee shall in no circumstances be obliged to take any action, step or proceeding whether 
pursuant to the Trust Deed, any other Security Document or otherwise without first being 
indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction. 
17 Limited Recourse and Non-Petition
(a) 
General Limited Recourse
The obligations of the Issuer to pay any amounts due and payable in respect of a Series and to 
the other Transaction Parties at any time in respect of a Series shall be limited to the proceeds 
available out of the Mortgaged Property in respect of such Series at such time to make such 
payments in accordance with Condition 15 (Application of Available Proceeds). Notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary contained herein, or in any Transaction Document, in respect of a Series, 
the Transaction Parties, the Noteholders and the Couponholders shall have recourse only to the 
Mortgaged Property in respect of the Series, subject always to the Security, and not to any other 
general assets of the Issuer. If, after (i) the Mortgaged Property in respect of the Series is 
exhausted (whether following Liquidation or enforcement of the Security or otherwise) and (ii) 
application of the Available Proceeds, as provided in Condition 15 (Application of Available 
Proceeds), any outstanding claim, debt or liability against the Issuer in relation to the Notes of the 
Series or the Transaction Documents relating to the Series remains unpaid, then such outstanding 
claim, debt or liability, as the case may be, shall be extinguished and no debt shall be owed by the 
Issuer in respect thereof. Following extinguishment in accordance with this Condition 17(a), none 
of the Transaction Parties, the Noteholders, the Couponholders or any other person acting on 
behalf of any of them shall be entitled to take any further steps against the Issuer or any of its 
officers, shareholders, members, incorporators, corporate service providers or directors to recover 
any further sum in respect of the extinguished claim, debt or liability and no debt shall be owed to 
any such persons by the Issuer or any of its officers, shareholders, members, incorporators, 
corporate service providers or directors in respect of such further sum in respect of the Series. 
No recourse under any obligation, covenant or agreement of the Issuer contained in any 
Transaction Document shall be had against any shareholder, officer, agent or director of the 
Issuer, by the enforcement of any obligation or by any proceeding, by virtue of any statute or

--- Page 221 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
221
otherwise; it being expressly agreed and understood that the Transaction Documents are a 
corporate obligation of the Issuer and no liability shall attach to or be incurred by the shareholders, 
officers, agents or directors of the Issuer as such, or any of them, under or by reason of any of the 
obligations, covenants or agreements of the Issuer contained in the Transaction Documents, or 
implied therefrom, and that any and all personal liability for breaches by the Issuer of any such 
obligations, covenants or agreements, either at law or by statute or constitution, of every such 
shareholder, officer, agent or director is expressly waived by the other parties hereto as a 
condition of the execution of the Transaction Documents. 
(b) 
Non-Petition
None of the Transaction Parties, the Noteholders, the Couponholders or any other person acting 
on behalf of any of them may, at any time, institute, or join with any other person in bringing, 
instituting or joining, insolvency, administration, bankruptcy, winding-up or any other similar 
proceedings (whether court-based or otherwise) in relation to the Issuer or any of its officers, 
shareholders, members, incorporators, corporate service providers or directors or any of its 
assets, and none of them shall have any claim arising with respect to the assets and/or property 
attributable to any other Obligations issued or entered into by the Issuer (save for any further 
notes which form a single series with the Notes) or any other assets of the Issuer. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of the foregoing, the Trustee may lodge a claim in the liquidation of 
the Issuer which is initiated by another party or take proceedings to obtain a declaration or 
judgment as to the obligations of the Issuer. 
(c) 
Survival
The provisions of this Condition 17 shall survive notwithstanding any redemption of the Notes of 
any Series or the termination or expiration of any Transaction Document in respect of any Series. 
18 Prescription
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes (whether in definitive or global form), 
Receipts and Coupons (which, for this purpose, shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and 
become void unless made within 10 years (in the case of principal) or five years (in the case of interest) 
from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
19 Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders
(i) 
Convening meetings 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to consider any 
matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a 
modification of any of the Conditions or any provisions of the Trust Deed or any other 
Transaction Document and to give any authority, direction or sanction required by, inter 
alia, Conditions 5 (Security), 6 (Restrictions), 8 (Redemption and Purchase), 11 (Agents) or 
14 (Enforcement of Security) to be given by Extraordinary Resolution. Such a meeting (A) 
may be convened by the Issuer or the Trustee, (B) shall be convened by the Issuer in the 
circumstances specified in Conditions 8(g) (Redemption for Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy 
Event), 8(i) (Redemption for Repo Counterparty Bankruptcy Event) or 8(k) (Redemption for 
SL Counterparty Bankruptcy Event) and (C) shall be convened by the Trustee if it receives 
a written request from Noteholders holding at least 10 per cent. of the aggregate principal

--- Page 222 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
222
amount of the Notes then outstanding and is indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded 
to its satisfaction against all costs and expenses.  
(ii) 
Quorum 
The quorum for any meeting convened to consider an Extraordinary Resolution shall be two 
or more persons holding or representing a clear majority in principal amount of the Notes 
then outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting two or more persons being or representing 
Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the Notes held or represented, unless the 
business of such meeting includes consideration of proposals, inter alia, (A) to amend the 
dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes, any Instalment Date or any date for payment 
of interest or Interest Amounts on the Notes, (B) to reduce or cancel the principal amount 
of, or any Instalment Amount of, or any premium payable on redemption of, the Notes, (C) 
to reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of the Notes or to vary the method or basis 
of calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis for calculating any Interest 
Amount in respect of the Notes, (D) to vary any method of, or basis for, calculating the Final 
Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption Amount, (E) to vary the currency or 
currencies of payment or the currency or currencies of the denomination of the Notes, (F) to 
modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders or the 
majority required to pass the Extraordinary Resolution, (G) to modify Condition 5 (Security) 
or to hold an Extraordinary Resolution for purposes of Condition 5(b) (Issuer’s Rights as 
Beneficial Owner of Collateral), (H) to modify Conditions 15 (Application of Available 
Proceeds) and 17 (Limited Recourse and Non-Petition), (I) to modify Conditions 8(b) 
(Redemption by Instalments) to (r) (Redemption Following the Occurrence of an Event of 
Default) or (J) to modify the scenarios listed in (A) to (I) above, in which case the necessary 
quorum shall be two or more persons holding or representing at least 75 per cent. or, at any 
adjourned meeting, at least 25 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes 
then outstanding in accordance with the Trust Deed. In circumstances in which there is only 
one Noteholder in respect of all the Notes then outstanding, the quorum for all purposes 
shall be one.  
The holder of a Global Note or Global Certificate shall (unless such Global Note or Global 
Certificate represents only one Note) be treated as two persons for the purposes of any 
quorum requirements of a meeting of Noteholders. 
(iii) 
Voting 
On a show of hands, every person who is present in person and who produces a Bearer 
Note, a Certificate of which he is the registered holder or a voting certificate or is a proxy or 
representative has one vote. On a poll, every such person has one vote in respect of each 
integral currency unit of the Specified Currency of such Series so produced or represented 
by the voting certificate so produced or for which he is a proxy or representative. 
(iv) 
Extraordinary Resolutions 
Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed shall be binding on all Noteholders (whether or 
not they were present at, or participated in, the meeting at which such resolution was 
passed) and on the holders of Coupons, Receipts and Talons. 
The Trust Deed provides that (A) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the 
holders of at least 75 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then 
outstanding or (B) where the Notes are held by or on behalf of a clearing system or clearing 
systems, approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer or the Trustee (as the case may 
be) given by way of electronic consents communicated through the electronic

--- Page 223 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
223
communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with their 
operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of at least 75 per cent. of the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding shall, in each case for all 
purposes (including matters that would otherwise require an Extraordinary Resolution to be 
passed at a meeting for which the special quorum was satisfied), be as valid and effective 
as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and 
held. A written resolution referred to in (A) may be contained in one document or several 
documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. A 
written resolution and/or electronic consent referred to in (A) and (B) will be binding on all 
Noteholders and holders of Coupons, Talons and Receipts whether or not they participated 
in such written resolution or electronic consent. 
Where electronic consents are not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a 
written resolution has been validly passed, the Issuer and the Trustee shall be entitled to 
rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer and/or the Trustee, as 
the case may be, (I) by accountholders in the clearing system(s) with entitlements relating 
to the relevant Global Note or Global Certificate and/or (II) where the accountholders hold 
any such entitlement on behalf of another person, on written consent from or written 
instruction by the person identified by that accountholder as the person for whom such 
entitlement is held. For the purpose of establishing the entitlement to give any such consent 
or instruction, the Issuer and the Trustee shall be entitled to rely on any certificate or other 
document issued by, in the case of (I) above, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and, 
in the case of (II) above, the relevant clearing system and the accountholder identified by 
the relevant clearing system. Any resolution passed in such manner shall be binding on all 
Noteholders and Couponholders even if the relevant consent or instruction proves to be 
defective. Any such certificate or other document shall be conclusive and binding for all 
purposes. Any such certificate or other document may comprise any form of statement or 
print out of electronic records provided by the relevant clearing system (including 
Euroclear’s EUCLID or Clearstream, Luxembourg’s CreationOnline system) in accordance 
with its usual procedures and in which the accountholder of a particular principal amount of 
the Notes is clearly identified together with the amount of such holding. Neither the Issuer 
nor the Trustee shall be liable to any person by reason of having accepted as valid or not 
having rejected any certificate or other document to such effect purporting to be issued by 
any such person and subsequently found to be forged or not authentic. 
(v) 
Single meeting for more than one Series 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening a single meeting of the holders of the 
Notes of separate Series in certain circumstances where the Trustee so decides. 
For the purposes of this Condition 19(a): 
(A) 
references to a meeting are to a meeting of Noteholders and Couponholders of a single 
Series or, where a Series comprises separate Classes, to a meeting of each such Class of 
Notes (as applicable), save that where the meeting relates to a matter in respect of which 
more than one Class of Notes is affected, and no conflict of interest would arise between 
such Classes in respect of Classes thereof (such affected Classes of Notes, the “Affected 
Classes”), references to a meeting are to a meeting of Noteholders of the Affected 
Classes; and 
(B) 
references to “Notes” and “Noteholders” are only to the Notes of the Series or to the Notes 
of a Class or the Affected Classes (as applicable) in respect of which a meeting has been, 
or is to be, called, and to the holders of such Notes, respectively. With respect to a meeting

--- Page 224 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
224
called in relation to the Notes or Noteholders of a Class (or of the Affected Classes), any 
reference to Notes or Noteholders of a Series in this Condition 19(a) and Schedule 1 
(Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders) to the Trust Deed shall be deemed to be a 
reference to the Notes or Noteholders of such Class (or, if applicable, of the Affected 
Classes). 
(b) 
Modification and Waiver of the Conditions and/or any Transaction Document
The Trustee may, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders:  
(i) 
agree to any modification to the Conditions, the Trust Deed or any other Transaction 
Document that is, in the opinion of the Trustee, of a formal, minor or technical nature or is 
made to correct a manifest error;  
(ii) 
agree to any modification to, and any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed 
breach by the Issuer of, the Conditions, the Trust Deed or any other Transaction Document 
that is, in each case, in the opinion of the Trustee, not materially prejudicial to the interests 
of the Noteholders (but such power in this paragraph (ii), in relation to modifications only, 
does not extend to any such modification as would require a special quorum resolution for 
approving the same, as specified in the Trust Deed); and 
(iii) 
determine that an Event of Default, Potential Event of Default or Enforcement Event shall 
not be treated as such, provided that, in the Trustee’s opinion, the interests of the 
Noteholders will not be materially prejudiced thereby, 
provided however, that the Trustee shall not agree to any waiver or authorisation pursuant to 
paragraph (ii) above or make any determination pursuant to paragraph (iii) above in contravention 
of an express direction of Noteholders given by an Extraordinary Resolution. 
In connection with the appointment or replacement of any Agent or the Custodian, the Issuer may, 
without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, make such amendments to the 
Conditions and/or the Transaction Documents as it determines necessary to reflect such 
appointment or replacement. The Trustee shall agree to such amendments without seeking the 
consent of the Noteholders, the Couponholders or any other party and concur with the Issuer (at 
the Issuer’s expense) in effecting the amendments described in this paragraph of Condition 19(b) 
(including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed), 
provided that the Trustee shall not be required to agree to such amendments if, in the opinion of 
the Trustee (acting reasonably), such amendments would (A) expose the Trustee to any liability 
against which it has not been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction or 
(B) impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties or 
responsibilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Trustee in the 
Conditions or any Transaction Document of any Series. 
Any modification, authorisation, waiver or determination as is made or given under this 
Condition 19(b) shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and, if the Trustee so 
requires, shall be notified to the Noteholders by the Issuer as soon as is practicable. The Issuer 
shall notify each Rating Agency then rating the Notes at the request of the Issuer of any 
modification made by it in accordance with this Condition 19(b). 
(c) 
Substitution
The Trust Deed contains provisions permitting the Trustee to agree, subject to certain conditions 
specified in the Trust Deed and subject to such other requirements as the Trustee may direct in 
the interests of the Noteholders, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders but 
subject to the prior written consent of the relevant Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty and

--- Page 225 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
225
the SL Counterparty, to the substitution of any other company in place of the Issuer, or of any 
previous substituted company, as the principal debtor under the Trust Deed and the Notes, the 
Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons, as applicable, provided that Rating Agency Affirmation has 
been received at the time of substitution from each Rating Agency (if any) then rating the 
outstanding Notes at the request of the Issuer. In the case of such a substitution, the Trustee may 
agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, to a change of the law 
governing the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons, the Talons and/or the Trust Deed and/or any 
other Transaction Document, provided that such change would not, in the opinion of the Trustee, 
be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
(d) 
Entitlement of the Trustee
(i) 
In connection with the exercise of its functions (including but not limited to those referred to 
in this Condition 19) the Trustee shall have regard to the interests of the Noteholders as a 
class and, in particular, but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, shall not 
have regard to the consequences of such exercise for individual Noteholders or 
Couponholders resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or 
otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory or 
otherwise to the tax consequences thereof, and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, 
nor shall any Noteholder or Couponholder be entitled to claim from the Issuer or the 
Trustee, any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax arising in consequence of 
any such exercise upon individual Noteholders or Couponholders. 
(i) 
So long as any Global Note is, or any Notes represented by a Global Certificate are, held 
on behalf of a clearing system, in considering the interests of Noteholders, the Trustee may 
have regard to any information provided to it by such clearing system or its operator as to 
the identity (either individually or by category) of its accountholders or participants with 
entitlements to any such Global Note or the Registered Notes and may consider such 
interests and treat such accountholders or participants on the basis that such 
accountholders or participants were the holder(s) thereof. 
20 Replacement of Notes, Certificates, Receipts, Coupons and Talons
If a Note, Certificate, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant authority 
regulations, at the Specified Office of the Issuing and Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes, 
Receipts, Coupons or Talons) or of the Registrar (in the case of Certificates) or such other Paying Agent 
or Transfer Agent, as the case may be, as may, from time to time, be designated by the Issuer for the 
purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 22 
(Notices), in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection 
therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that, if 
the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Note, Certificate, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is subsequently 
presented for payment, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in 
respect of such Note, Certificate, Receipt, Coupon or Talon) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. 
Mutilated or defaced Notes, Certificates, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
21 Further Issues and Amendments to the Transaction Documents
(a) 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may, from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders 
but subject to Condition 6 (Restrictions), create and issue further notes either having the same

--- Page 226 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
226
terms and conditions as the Notes of a Series or a Class thereof in all respects (or in all respects 
except for the first payment of interest on them, issue date, issue price and principal amount) and 
so that such further issue shall be consolidated and form a single series with the Notes of such 
Series or a Class thereof or upon such terms as the Issuer may determine at the time of their 
issue.  
Any such further notes shall only form a single series or class with the Notes (unless otherwise 
approved by an Extraordinary Resolution) if:  
(i) 
the Issuer provides additional Collateral (as security for such further notes) which is 
fungible with, and has the same proportionate composition as, the existing Collateral and in 
the same proportion as the proportion that the principal amount of such new notes bears to 
the Notes; and (as applicable)  
(ii) 
the Issuer enters into an additional or supplemental Swap Agreement, Repo Agreement 
and/or SL Agreement (as applicable) with the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty 
and/or the SL Counterparty (as applicable) and which extends to the new notes or extends 
the terms of any existing Swap Agreement, Repo Agreement and/or SL Agreement to the 
new notes, in each case on terms no less favourable than such existing documents and 
agreements, as applicable.  
Any new notes forming a single series or class with the Notes shall be constituted and secured by 
a deed supplemental to the Trust Deed, such further security shall be added to the Mortgaged 
Property so that the new notes and the existing Notes shall be secured by the same Mortgaged 
Property (and, for the avoidance of doubt, all the holders of the first and all later Tranches of 
Notes shall benefit from the Mortgaged Property on a pari passu basis) and references in the 
Conditions to “Notes”, “Original Collateral”, “Collateral”, “Mortgaged Property”, the “Swap 
Agreement”, the “Repo Agreement”, the “SL Agreement”, “Secured Payment Obligations” and 
“Secured Creditor” shall be construed accordingly. 
(b) 
Swap/Repo/Securities Lending Amendments 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, agree with the 
Swap Counterparty to amend the Swap Agreement, with the Repo Counterparty to amend the 
Repo Agreement and with the SL Counterparty to amend the SL Agreement (such amendments, 
the “Swap/Repo/Securities Lending Amendments”), provided that:  
(i) 
the purpose and effect of the Swap/Repo/Securities Lending Amendments are to: 
(A) 
ensure that the Issuer’s payment obligations thereunder match any amounts 
receivable by the Issuer under the Original Collateral, including (but not limited to) 
following the addition of Original Collateral in respect of further Notes pursuant to 
Condition 21(a) (Further Issues); 
(B) 
ensure that the Swap Counterparty’s, the Repo Counterparty’s or the SL 
Counterparty’s (as the case may be) payment obligations thereunder match any 
amounts payable by the Issuer in respect of the Notes and other liabilities, including 
(but not limited to) following (I) the making of any Replacement Reference Rate 
Amendments in respect of the Notes pursuant to Condition 9(c) (Occurrence of a 
Reference Rate Event), (II) the making of any Original Collateral Disruption Event 
Amendments in respect of the Notes pursuant to Condition 9(i) (Occurrence of an 
Original Collateral Disruption Event) and (III) the issue of further Notes pursuant to 
Condition 21(a) (Further Issues); or 
(C) 
effect the changes referred to in Condition 5(c)(ii);

--- Page 227 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
227
(ii) 
the Swap/Repo/Securities Lending Amendments do not require a special quorum 
resolution; and 
(iii) 
the Issuer certifies in writing (such certificate, a “Swap/Repo/Securities Lending 
Amendments 
Certificate”) 
to 
the 
Trustee 
that 
(A) 
the 
purpose 
of 
the 
Swap/Repo/Securities Lending Amendments is solely as set out in paragraphs (i)(A) to 
(i)(C) above and (B) the Swap/Repo/Securities Lending Amendments do not require a 
special quorum resolution.  
The Trustee may rely, without further enquiry and without liability to any person for so doing, on a 
Swap/Repo/Securities Lending Amendments Certificate. Upon receipt of a Swap/Repo/Securities 
Lending Amendments Certificate, the Trustee shall agree to the Swap/Repo/Securities Lending 
Amendments without seeking the consent of the Noteholders, the Couponholders or any other 
party and concur with the Issuer (at the Issuer’s expense) in effecting the Swap/Repo/Securities 
Lending Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to or 
amending the Trust Deed), provided that the Trustee shall not be required to agree to the 
Swap/Repo/Securities Lending Amendments if, in the opinion of the Trustee (acting reasonably), 
the Swap/Repo/Securities Lending Amendments would (A) expose the Trustee to any liability 
against which it has not been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction or 
(B) impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties or 
responsibilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Trustee in the 
Conditions or any Transaction Document of any Series. 
(c) 
Regulatory Requirement Amendments 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Regulatory Requirement Event has occurred in respect 
of a Series, it may notify the Issuer and the Transaction Parties of any modifications that it 
determines are required to be made to the Conditions and/or any Transaction Document (except 
for the Programme Deed) (such amendments, the “Regulatory Requirement Amendments”) in 
order to cause: 
(i) 
the transactions contemplated by the Conditions and the Transaction Documents to be 
compliant with all Relevant Regulatory Laws; 
(ii) 
the Issuer and each Transaction Party to be compliant with all Relevant Regulatory Laws; 
or 
(iii) 
the Issuer and each Transaction Party to be able to continue to transact future business (as 
issuer of Notes or as a transaction party to the Issuer pursuant to the Programme) in 
compliance with all Relevant Regulatory Laws. 
If the Issuer receives such a notice from the Calculation Agent, it shall, without the consent of the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders, promptly make the Regulatory Requirement Amendments, 
provided that: 
(A) 
no Early Redemption Trigger Date or Early Redemption Date has occurred in respect of the 
Notes; 
(B) 
the Regulatory Requirement Amendments will not: 
(I) 
amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes, any Instalment Date or any 
date for payment of interest or Interest Amounts on the Notes; 
(II) 
reduce or cancel the principal amount of, or any Instalment Amount of, or any 
premium payable on redemption of, the Notes;

--- Page 228 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
228
(III) 
reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of the Notes or vary the method or 
basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis for calculating 
any Interest Amount in respect of the Notes; 
(IV) 
vary any method of, or basis for, calculating the Final Redemption Amount or the 
Early Redemption Amount; 
(V) 
exchange or substitute the Original Collateral; or 
(VI) 
have a material adverse effect on the validity, legality or enforceability of the Security 
or on the priority and ranking of the Security; 
(C) 
the Regulatory Requirement Amendments are agreed to by each party to the affected 
Transaction Documents (in each case, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or 
delayed) and the Trustee; and 
(D) 
the Calculation Agent certifies in writing (such certificate, a “Regulatory Requirement 
Amendments Certificate”) to the Trustee that (I) the purpose of the Regulatory 
Requirement Amendments is solely as set out in Conditions 21(c)(i) to 21(c)(iii) and (II) the 
Regulatory Requirement Amendments satisfy the requirements of paragraph (B) above.  
The Trustee may rely, without further enquiry and without liability to any person for so doing, on a 
Regulatory Requirement Amendments Certificate. Upon receipt of a Regulatory Requirement 
Amendments Certificate, the Trustee shall agree to the Regulatory Requirement Amendments 
without seeking the consent of the Noteholders, the Couponholders or any other party and concur 
with the Issuer (at the Issuer’s expense) in effecting the Regulatory Requirement Amendments 
(including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed), 
provided that the Trustee shall not be required to agree to the Regulatory Requirement 
Amendments if, in the opinion of the Trustee (acting reasonably), the Regulatory Requirement 
Amendments would (x) expose the Trustee to any liability against which it has not been 
indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction or (y) impose more onerous 
obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties or responsibilities or reduce or amend the 
protective provisions afforded to the Trustee in the Conditions or any Transaction Document of 
any Series. 
Neither the Calculation Agent nor the Trustee shall have any duty to monitor, enquire or satisfy 
itself as to whether any Regulatory Requirement Event has occurred. The Calculation Agent shall 
not have any obligation to give, nor any responsibility or liability for giving or not giving, any notice 
to the Issuer and the Transaction Parties that a Regulatory Requirement Event has occurred. 
Any Regulatory Requirement Amendments will be binding on the Issuer, the Transaction Parties, 
the Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
22 Notices
Notices to the holders of Registered Notes shall be mailed to them at their respective addresses in the 
Register and be deemed to have been given on the day it is delivered in the case of recorded delivery 
and three days (excluding Saturdays and Sundays) in the case of inland post or seven days (excluding 
Saturdays and Sundays) in the case of overseas post after despatch or if earlier when delivered, save 
that, for purposes only of determining any Early Redemption Trigger Date, the relevant Early Redemption 
Notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date despatched.  
Notices to the holders of Definitive Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in a daily newspaper of 
general circulation in Europe. If in the opinion of the Trustee any such publication is not practicable, 
notice shall be validly given if published in another leading daily English language newspaper with

--- Page 229 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
229
general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such 
publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the first date on which publication is 
made, as provided above. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the 
holders of Definitive Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition 22. 
Notices required to be given in respect of Notes represented by a Global Note or a Global Certificate 
may be given by their being delivered (so long as the Global Note or the Global Certificate, as applicable, 
is held on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg) to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as the case may be, or otherwise to the holder of the Global Note or the Global Certificate, as applicable, 
rather than by publication as described above. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to 
the holders of the Notes on the Reference Business Day immediately following the day on which the said 
notice was given to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
In addition, if and for so long as the Notes are listed on a stock exchange, all notices to holders of the 
Notes will be published in accordance with the rules of such stock exchange. 
23 Indemnification and Obligations of the Trustee
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee, for its relief from responsibility 
including for the exercise of any voting rights in respect of the Collateral and for the validity, value, 
sufficiency and enforceability (which the Trustee has not investigated) of the Security created over the 
Mortgaged Property. The Trustee is not obliged or required to take any step, action or proceeding under 
the Trust Deed unless indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction. The Trustee and 
any Affiliate of the Trustee are entitled to enter into business transactions with the Issuer, any Original 
Collateral Obligor, the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty and the SL Counterparty or any of 
their subsidiaries, holding or associated companies without accounting to the Noteholders or 
Couponholders for profit resulting therefrom. 
The Trustee is exempted from liability with respect to any loss or theft or reduction in value of the 
Mortgaged Property, from any obligation to insure or to procure the insurance of the Mortgaged Property 
and from any claim arising from the fact that the Collateral will be held in safe custody by the Custodian. 
The Trustee is not responsible for monitoring or supervising the performance by any other person of its 
obligations to the Issuer.  
The Trust Deed provides that in acting as Trustee under the Trust Deed, the Trustee does not assume 
any duty or responsibility to the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty, the SL Counterparty, the 
Disposal Agent, the Custodian, the Issuing and Paying Agent or any other Secured Creditor or any other 
Transaction Party (other than to pay to any of such parties any moneys received and repayable to it and 
to act in accordance with the Conditions and the Trust Deed) and shall have regard solely to the interests 
of the Noteholders. 
24 Ineligible Investors
(a) 
Rights of the Issuer 
The Issuer may: 
(i) 
at any time, compel any Noteholder, Couponholder or beneficial owner of Notes to certify 
that such Noteholder, Couponholder or beneficial owner is not an Ineligible Investor; 
(ii) 
refuse to honour the transfer of a Note, a Coupon or a beneficial interest in Notes to the 
extent such transfer is to or for the benefit of an Ineligible Investor; and

--- Page 230 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
230
(iii) 
compel any Noteholder, Couponholder or beneficial owner of Notes that is an Ineligible 
Investor to: 
(A) 
transfer such Notes, Coupons or interests in the Notes to a person who is not an 
Ineligible Investor; or 
(B) 
transfer such Notes, Coupons or interests in the Notes to the Issuer at a price equal 
to the aggregate of: 
(I) 
the Specified Currency Equivalent of all cash sums derived from the sale of an 
amount of the Collateral for the Series (equal to the proportion that the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes to be transferred bears to the 
aggregate principal amount of all Notes of such Series outstanding on the 
transfer date) net of any taxes, costs or charges incurred on such sale 
(provided that the principal amount of Collateral to be sold shall be rounded 
down to the nearest amount that would be capable of being delivered, 
assigned or transferred); and 
(II) 
any termination payment payable in respect of the corresponding partial 
termination of the Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement and the SL 
Agreement for the Series (expressed as a positive number if such amount 
would be payable to the Issuer or a negative amount if such amount would be 
payable by the Issuer). 
(b) 
Deemed representations, agreements and acknowledgments
Each Noteholder, Couponholder and beneficial owner of a Note, will, on each date on which such 
person (x) accepts delivery of the base prospectus relating to the Issuer and the Programme, a 
standalone prospectus produced by the Issuer in respect of a particular Tranche of Notes or other 
offering document in respect of such Notes and (y) purchases such Note or beneficial interest, be 
deemed to have represented, agreed and acknowledged as follows: 
(i) 
the Notes or such beneficial interest have been acquired in an offshore transaction (as 
such term is defined under Regulation S under the Securities Act); 
(ii) 
it is not an Ineligible Investor; 
(iii) 
to the extent it is acting for the account or benefit of another person, such other person is 
not an Ineligible Investor; 
(iv) 
no person has registered, nor will register, as a “commodity pool operator” of the Issuer 
under the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act of 1936 and the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission Rules thereunder; 
(v) 
the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and it will not, 
at any time during the term of the Notes, offer, sell, pledge, otherwise transfer or, in the 
case of Notes in bearer form, deliver Notes or any interest therein within the United States 
to, or for the account or benefit of, any person who is an Ineligible Investor; 
(vi) 
the Issuer may: 
(A) 
at any time, compel any Noteholder, Couponholder or beneficial owner of Notes to 
certify that such Noteholder, Couponholder or beneficial owner is not an Ineligible 
Investor; 
(B) 
refuse to honour the transfer of a Note, a Coupon or a beneficial interest in Notes to 
the extent such transfer is to or for the benefit of an Ineligible Investor; and

--- Page 231 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
231
(C) 
compel any Noteholder, Couponholder or beneficial owner of Notes that is an 
Ineligible Investor to: 
(I) 
transfer such Notes, Coupons or interests in the Notes to a person who is not 
an Ineligible Investor; or 
(II) 
transfer such Notes, Coupons or interests in the Notes to the Issuer at a price 
equal to the aggregate of: 
(1) 
the Specified Currency Equivalent of all cash sums derived from the 
sale of an amount of the Collateral for the Series (equal to the 
proportion that the aggregate principal amount of the Notes to be 
transferred bears to the aggregate principal amount of all Notes of 
such Series outstanding on the transfer date) net of any taxes, costs 
or charges incurred on such sale (provided that the principal amount 
of Collateral to be sold shall be rounded down to the nearest amount 
that would be capable of being delivered, assigned or transferred); 
and 
(2) 
any termination payment payable in respect of the corresponding 
partial termination of the Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement and 
the SL Agreement for the Series (expressed as a positive number if 
such amount would be payable to the Issuer or a negative amount if 
such amount would be payable by the Issuer); 
(vii) 
each Global Note, Definitive Bearer Note and Certificate shall bear such legends as the 
Issuer may require; 
(viii) 
any transfer by such Noteholder, Couponholder or beneficial owner to or for the benefit of 
an Ineligible Investor at any time during the term of the relevant Note will be of no force and 
effect, will be void ab initio, and will not operate to transfer any rights to the transferee, 
notwithstanding any instructions to the contrary to the Issuer, the Registrar, the Trustee or 
any intermediary; and 
(ix) 
the Issuer, the Dealer and its Affiliates, and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of 
the foregoing representations, agreements and acknowledgments. 
25 Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contracts (Rights 
of Third Parties) Act 1999, except and to the extent (if any) that the Notes expressly provide for such Act 
to apply to any of their terms. 
26 Governing Law and Jurisdiction
(a) 
Governing Law
The Trust Deed, the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, English law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction
The courts of England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out 
of or in connection with any Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons and accordingly any legal action

--- Page 232 ---
MASTER CONDITIONS 
232
or proceedings arising out of or in connection with any Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons 
(“Proceedings”) shall be brought in such courts.  
(c) 
Service of Process
Each Issuer has irrevocably appointed an agent in England to receive, for it and on its behalf, 
service of process in any Proceedings in England.

--- Page 233 ---
CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT 
233
CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT
1 
Incorporation and Interpretation
(a) 
CLN Conditions Supplement 
This is the “CLN Conditions Supplement” that applies to any Notes specified as “Credit Linked 
Notes” (the “Credit Linked Notes”) in the relevant Pricing Terms, for which purposes: 
(i) 
the terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes shall be the Master Conditions, as 
amended and supplemented by these additional conditions comprising this CLN Conditions 
Supplement (the “Additional CLN Conditions”), as further completed, amended, 
supplemented and/or varied by the relevant Pricing Terms; 
(ii) 
in connection with the relevant Series, the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty shall enter 
into a credit default swap (the “CDS”); and  
(iii) 
the redemption of the Credit Linked Notes following the occurrence of an Event 
Determination Date pursuant to Additional CLN Condition 2(a) (Redemption Following the 
Occurrence of an Event Determination Date) or an ROO Substitution Event pursuant to 
Additional CLN Condition 12(c) (Reference Obligation Only Series), in each case shall be 
an “Additional Redemption Event” for the purposes of Master Condition 8(q) (Redemption 
Following an Additional Redemption Event) with respect to the Applicable Proportion of the 
Credit Linked Notes. 
This CLN Conditions Supplement shall not apply to Notes issued by way of Final Terms. 
In connection with the relevant Series, the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty may also enter into 
one or more interest rate swap transaction(s) and/or cross-currency swap transaction(s) and/or 
other swap transaction(s) (each, a “Related Swap”). 
(b) 
Defined Terms 
Certain terms are defined in Additional CLN Condition 14 (Definitions). Capitalised terms used but 
not defined in this CLN Conditions Supplement shall have the meanings given to them in the 
Master Conditions or the relevant Pricing Terms. 
Other than with respect to Master Condition 17 (Limited Recourse and Non-Petition) and to the 
extent relevant Master Condition 9(f) (Calculation Agent Determination Standard), to the extent of 
any inconsistency between: (i) the Master Conditions and the Additional CLN Conditions, the 
Additional CLN Conditions will prevail; (ii) the Master Conditions and the relevant Pricing Terms, 
the relevant Pricing Terms will prevail and (iii) the Additional CLN Conditions and the relevant 
Pricing Terms, the relevant Pricing Terms will prevail. 
In respect of Credit Linked Notes which specify more than one Reference Entity in the relevant 
Pricing Terms, all references in this CLN Conditions Supplement to “the Reference Entity” shall be 
construed to refer to “a Reference Entity” or the “relevant Reference Entity” in respect of which the 
relevant determination is made at any relevant time and all related provisions and determinations 
will be construed accordingly. 
(c) 
Pricing Terms 
The relevant Pricing Terms shall, amongst other things, specify the following: 
(i) 
each Reference Entity and whether “Standard Reference Obligation” is applicable in 
respect of such Reference Entity (and, where it is applicable but no Standard Reference

--- Page 234 ---
CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT 
234
Obligation has been published on or prior to the Trade Date, the Reference Obligation that 
shall comprise the Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation) or the Reference 
Obligation if “Standard Reference Obligation” is not applicable thereto; 
(ii) 
in respect of each Reference Entity, the applicable “Transaction Type” for the purposes of 
the application of the Physical Settlement Matrix (which Transaction Type will be used for 
determining certain elections relating to the Credit Linked Notes); 
(iii) 
the CLN Type, which shall be either Single Name CLN or Linear Basket CLN; and 
(iv) 
the Credit Event Settlement Method, which shall be any of “Auction Settlement”, “Cash 
Settlement” or “Fixed Recovery Settlement”. 
(d) 
Classes 
Where the relevant Pricing Terms specify that Classes apply in respect of a particular Series, all 
references herein to: 
(i) 
“Credit Linked Notes” shall also refer to the Notes of each of the Classes of the Credit 
Linked Notes (or, where applicable, Notes of the relevant Class(es)); and 
(ii) 
“Series” shall also refer to each of the Classes of the Credit Linked Notes (or, where 
applicable, the relevant Class(es)), 
in each case, as the context requires. 
(e) 
Determination Standard of the Calculation Agent 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agency Agreement, whenever the Calculation 
Agent is required to act, make a determination or to exercise judgment in any way under the 
Additional CLN Conditions it will do so in good faith and in its sole discretion and any such 
determinations shall be final, conclusive and binding upon all Noteholders, Couponholders, 
Transaction Parties and all other parties.  
Unless otherwise expressly stated in the Additional CLN Conditions, the Calculation Agent shall 
not be bound to follow or act in accordance with any determinations of a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee. If the Calculation Agent chooses to rely on any determination of a 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee, it may do so without liability.  
Any delay, deferral or forbearance by the Calculation Agent in the performance or exercise of any 
of its obligations or its discretion under the Credit Linked Notes including, without limitation, the 
giving of any notice by it to any person, shall not affect the validity or binding nature of any later 
performance or exercise of such obligation or discretion, and neither the Calculation Agent nor the 
Issuer shall, in the absence of wilful misconduct and gross negligence, bear any liability in respect 
of, or consequent upon, any such delay, deferral or forbearance. 
(f) 
Notices 
Any notice to be delivered to the Issuer in writing pursuant to these Additional CLN Conditions 
may be delivered by email and/or by telephone. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these 
Additional CLN Conditions, a failure by the Calculation Agent or Swap Counterparty to deliver a 
notice to the Issuer in accordance with these Additional CLN Conditions shall not affect the 
effectiveness of any relevant determination or calculation to which such notice relates.  
Where these Additional CLN Conditions specify that the Swap Counterparty shall deliver a notice 
to the Issuer, the delivery of such notice shall satisfy the obligation of the Swap Counterparty to 
deliver such notice to the Issuer under these Additional CLN Conditions and any parallel obligation 
to deliver a notice under the CDS.

--- Page 235 ---
CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT 
235
(g) 
No Representation 
In issuing the Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer is not making, and has not made, any representation 
whatsoever as to any Reference Entity, Reference Obligation, Deliverable Obligation, Underlying 
Obligor or Underlying Obligation on which any Noteholder is relying or is entitled to rely.
2 
Redemption of Credit Linked Notes
(a) 
Redemption Following the Occurrence of an Event Determination Date 
(i) 
Unless the Credit Linked Notes have been previously redeemed in full or purchased and 
cancelled by the Issuer, in each case as provided for in Master Condition 8 (Redemption 
and Purchase), if an Event Determination Date has occurred with respect to a Reference 
Entity, the Issuer will redeem the Applicable Proportion of each such Credit Linked Note at 
the Early Redemption Amount on the Early Redemption Date, subject to Additional CLN 
Conditions 9 (Effect of DC Announcements) and 10 (Successor Provisions). 
(ii) 
The Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant Credit Event Loss Amount on the Credit 
Event Loss Valuation Date and such Credit Event Loss Amount shall be deemed to 
constitute an Unpaid Amount (as defined in the Swap Agreement) due from the Issuer to 
the Swap Counterparty and any such amount accounted for as an Unpaid Amount shall not 
otherwise be paid or taken into account for the purposes of determining the Early 
Termination Amount (as defined in the Swap Agreement). 
(iii) 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably practicable after determining the Credit 
Event Loss Amount, notify the Issuer, the Swap Counterparty, the Disposal Agent and the 
Issuing and Paying Agent in writing of the Credit Event Loss Amount and the Issuer (or the 
Issuing and Paying Agent, having been supplied by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent with 
a notice addressed to the Noteholders, on its behalf) will deliver a copy of such notice to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Master Condition 22 (Notices) (provided that any failure 
to give such notice to the Noteholders shall not affect any determination made by the 
Calculation Agent or the rights of the Issuer to redeem the Applicable Proportion of the 
Credit Linked Notes). 
(iv) 
Upon discharge by the Issuer of its payment obligations on the Early Redemption Date (or, 
if the Issuer does not have any payment obligations, upon the occurrence of the Early 
Redemption Date), the Issuer’s obligations in respect of the relevant Applicable Proportion 
of each Credit Linked Note shall be discharged in full. The outstanding portion of such 
Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Additional 
CLN Condition 4 (Maturity Date Extension) and to no subsequent Credit Event or other 
Early Redemption Trigger Date having occurred, be redeemed on the Scheduled Maturity 
Date in accordance with Master Condition 8(a). 
(v) 
If an Early Redemption Trigger Date has occurred for any reason pursuant to Master 
Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase) other than as a result of an Event Determination 
Date and on or prior to the related Early Termination Date designated under the Swap 
Agreement, an Event Determination Date occurs, then, the Applicable Proportion of the 
Credit Linked Notes will instead be redeemed pursuant to this Additional CLN Condition 
2(a) and, if the Applicable Proportion is less than 100%, the remaining portion of the 
outstanding Notes required to be redeemed as a result of the Early Redemption Trigger 
Date that occurred other than as a result of an Event Determination Date will be redeemed 
pursuant to the applicable provisions of Master Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase).

--- Page 236 ---
CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT 
236
(b) 
Credit Event Notice and Notice of Publicly Available Information 
(i) 
If a Credit Event Notice and, if applicable, a Notice of Publicly Available Information is 
required to be delivered for an Event Determination Date to occur, the Swap Counterparty 
may deliver a Credit Event Notice and, if applicable, a Notice of Publicly Available 
Information to the Issuer (copied to the Calculation Agent, the Issuing and Paying Agent, 
the Disposal Agent and the Trustee) and the Issuer (or the Issuing and Paying Agent, 
having been supplied by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent with an Early Redemption 
Notice addressed to the Noteholders, on its behalf) will, as soon as reasonably practicable 
and in any event within five Reference Business Days after the date on which the Credit 
Event Notice is delivered, give an Early Redemption Notice (attaching a copy of the Credit 
Event Notice and, if applicable, the Notice of Publicly Available Information or including 
equivalent information therein) to the Noteholders (the date of such Early Redemption 
Notice being the “Early Redemption Trigger Date”) in accordance with Master Condition 
22 (Notices), provided that failure by the Issuer or the Issuing and Paying Agent to deliver a 
copy of such Credit Event Notice and/or such Notice of Publicly Available Information to the 
Noteholders shall not, in each case, affect the effectiveness of the Credit Event Notice 
and/or the Notice of Publicly Available Information or the Early Redemption Notice, or the 
rights of the Issuer to redeem the Applicable Proportion of the Credit Linked Notes. 
(ii) 
If a Credit Event Notice is not required to be delivered in order for an Event Determination 
Date to occur, then the Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as reasonably 
practicable and in any event within five Reference Business Days of it becoming aware of 
an applicable Event Determination Date, containing the same information required to be 
included in a Credit Event Notice (which may be satisfied by providing a link to the relevant 
DC Credit Event page on the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee website (or any 
successor thereto)) to the Issuer (copied to the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Swap 
Counterparty, the Disposal Agent and the Trustee) and the Issuer (or the Issuing and 
Paying Agent, having been supplied by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent with an Early 
Redemption Notice addressed to the Noteholders, on its behalf) will, as soon as reasonably 
practicable and in any event within five Reference Business Days after the date on which 
the notice from the Calculation Agent is delivered, give an Early Redemption Notice 
(attaching a copy of such notice given by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer) to the 
Noteholders (the date of such Early Redemption Notice being the “Early Redemption 
Trigger Date”) in accordance with Master Condition 22 (Notices), provided that any failure 
by the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or the Issuing and Paying Agent to give any such 
notice in accordance with this Additional CLN Condition 2(b)(ii), shall not, in each case, 
affect any determinations made by the Calculation Agent, the effectiveness of the Early 
Redemption Notice, or the rights of the Issuer to redeem the Applicable Proportion of the 
Credit Linked Notes. 
(iii) 
For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Issuer, the Trustee, the Issuing and Paying Agent, 
the Swap Counterparty or the Calculation Agent shall be required to monitor, enquire or 
satisfy itself as to whether any Credit Event or Event Determination Date has, or may have, 
occurred or may be continuing. Neither the Trustee, the Issuing and Paying Agent nor the 
Calculation Agent shall have any obligation, responsibility or liability for giving or not giving 
any notice thereof to the Issuer or any Secured Creditor or be liable for any loss 
occasioned by the occurrence of a Credit Event or Event Determination Date. If the Trustee 
receives notice from the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or the Swap Counterparty of the 
occurrence of a Credit Event or Event Determination Date, the Trustee shall be entitled, 
without liability, to rely conclusively on such notice without further investigation.

--- Page 237 ---
CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT 
237
(iv) 
Further, none of the Issuer or any Transaction Party (including the Swap Counterparty and 
the Calculation Agent) will have any liability whatsoever if the Swap Counterparty for any 
reason does not determine in its sole discretion that a Credit Event or Event Determination 
Date has occurred, or with respect to the Swap Counterparty’s timing as to when to deliver 
a Credit Event Notice (or any such other notice required to be delivered by the Swap 
Counterparty or the Calculation Agent to the Issuer or any other party, or by the Issuer to 
the Noteholders in accordance with these Additional CLN Conditions, including a Notice of 
Publicly Available Information). 
(c) 
Relevant Time 
(i) 
Subject to sub-paragraph (ii) of this Additional CLN Condition 2(c), in order to determine the 
day on which an event occurs for purposes of these Additional CLN Conditions, the 
demarcation of days shall be made by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or Tokyo time if 
the Calculation Agent determines that Tokyo time is the market convention with respect to 
the relevant Reference Entity), irrespective of the time zone in which such event occurred. 
Any event occurring at midnight shall be deemed to have occurred immediately prior to 
midnight. 
(ii) 
Notwithstanding the definition of “Credit Event Notice” and sub-paragraph (i) of this 
Additional CLN Condition 2(c), if a payment is not made by the Reference Entity on its due 
date or, as the case may be, on the final day of the relevant Grace Period, then such failure 
to make a payment shall be deemed to have occurred on such day prior to midnight 
Greenwich Mean Time (or Tokyo time if the Calculation Agent determines that Tokyo time 
is the market convention with respect to the relevant Reference Entity), irrespective of the 
time zone of its place of payment. 
(d) 
Redemption Other Than Following the Occurrence of an Event Determination Date 
Subject to the provisions of Additional CLN Condition 2(a)(v), if an Early Redemption Trigger Date 
has occurred pursuant to any other Condition (and not, for the avoidance of doubt, following the 
occurrence of an Event Determination Date in accordance with the Additional Redemption Event 
specified in Additional CLN Condition 2(a) (Redemption Following the Occurrence of an Event 
Determination Date)), each Credit Linked Note outstanding shall be redeemed by payment of the 
Early Redemption Amount on the Early Redemption Date in accordance with the Master 
Conditions or Additional CLN Condition 12(c) (Reference Obligation Only Series) (as applicable). 
3 
Interest on Credit Linked Notes
(a) 
Accrual of Interest 
Provided that a relevant Event Determination Date has not occurred in respect of a Reference 
Entity during the Notice Delivery Period and on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date and no 
Early Redemption Date has occurred pursuant to any other Condition, then, subject to Additional 
CLN Condition 3(b) (Suspension of Interest Following an Applicable DC Credit Event Question or 
a Potential Credit Event), interest (if any) shall accrue on each outstanding Credit Linked Note in 
accordance with Master Condition 7 (Interest) (as completed by the relevant Pricing Terms). 
(b) 
Suspension of Interest Following an Applicable DC Credit Event Question or a Potential 
Credit Event 
Subject to Additional CLN Conditions 3(c) (Payment of Suspended Interest following 
announcement by the DC Secretary or determination by the Calculation Agent) and 3(d) (Payment 
of Interest – M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event), if, the Calculation Agent determines that (A) an 
Applicable DC Credit Event Question has been submitted on or prior to any Interest Payment Date

--- Page 238 ---
CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT 
238
in respect of which (i) the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has not yet Resolved the 
Applicable DC Credit Event Question or (ii) the DC Secretary has not yet announced that the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will not be convening to Resolve the Applicable DC 
Credit Event Question (a “Suspended Interest Payment Date”) or (B) the Calculation Agent 
determines that facts exist which may amount to a Credit Event, the payment of interest (if any) in 
respect of the Applicable Proportion of each Credit Linked Note scheduled to be paid to 
Noteholders on or about such Interest Payment Date will be suspended. Except for such portion of 
interest that is suspended in respect of each Credit Linked Note, payment of any interest on the 
remaining portion of the relevant Credit Linked Note (which is unaffected by the relevant Credit 
Event), if applicable, will be payable to Noteholders in accordance with the Conditions on the 
relevant Interest Payment Date. 
(c) 
Payment of Suspended Interest Following Announcement by the DC Secretary or 
Determination by the Calculation Agent 
(i) 
If, in connection with an Applicable DC Credit Event Question, either: 
(A) 
an Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement is made but the Calculation Agent 
determines that the Event Determination Date relating thereto is a date falling after 
such Suspended Interest Payment Date; 
(B) 
an Applicable DC No Credit Event Announcement occurs; 
(C) 
unless a Credit Event Notice has been delivered, an Applicable DC Credit Event 
Question Dismissal occurs or the DC Secretary announces that the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee will not be convening to Resolve the relevant 
Applicable DC Credit Event Question; or 
(D) 
the Calculation Agent determines that the circumstances giving rise to such potential 
Credit Event have been remedied (if possible) or no longer exist such that no related 
Event Determination Date has occurred, 
payment of the suspended interest will be made five Reference Business Days after the 
date of the relevant announcement by the DC Secretary or the date on which the 
Calculation Agent makes such determination, as applicable. 
(ii) 
If, in connection with an Applicable DC Credit Event Question, an Applicable DC Credit 
Event Announcement is made and the Event Determination Date relating thereto is a date 
falling on or prior to such Suspended Interest Payment Date, no payment of the suspended 
interest will be made and the accrual of interest prior to such Interest Payment Date will be 
determined in accordance with Additional CLN Condition 3(e) (Accrual of Interest on Credit 
Event). 
(iii) 
No additional amount in respect of interest and no adjustment shall be made to the amount 
of any interest in connection with the delay or postponement of any payment of interest 
pursuant to Additional CLN Condition 3(b) (Suspension of Interest Following an Applicable 
DC Credit Event Question or a Potential Credit Event) above. The Calculation Agent shall 
endeavour to give notice to the Noteholders, the Trustee, the Issuing and Paying Agent and 
the Issuer in accordance with Master Condition 22 (Notices) as soon as reasonably 
practicable should any payment of interest be suspended and/or postponed pursuant to this 
Additional CLN Condition 3, provided that failure by the Calculation Agent to deliver such 
notice shall not affect the effectiveness of any such suspension or postponement of any 
payment of interest in accordance with this Additional CLN Condition 3.

--- Page 239 ---
CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT 
239
(d) 
Payment of Interest – M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event 
If, in connection with an Applicable DC Credit Event Question, an Applicable DC Credit Event 
Announcement is made and the Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event: 
(i) 
save for any portion of suspended interest relating to the Applicable Proportion of the Credit 
Linked Notes, payment of the remaining portion (if any) of suspended interest will be made 
five Reference Business Days after the date on which the relevant Credit Event Notice is 
delivered; and 
(ii) 
payment of the portion of suspended interest relating to the Applicable Proportion of the 
Credit Linked Notes will not be made and the accrual of interest relating to the Applicable 
Proportion of the Credit Linked Notes prior to such Interest Payment Date will be 
determined in accordance with Additional CLN Condition 3(e) (Accrual of Interest on Credit 
Event). 
(e) 
Accrual of Interest on Credit Event 
If a relevant Event Determination Date has occurred in respect of a Reference Entity during the 
Notice Delivery Period and prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date then, notwithstanding anything to 
the contrary in Master Condition 7 (Interest), interest shall be deemed to have ceased to accrue 
on the Applicable Proportion of each Credit Linked Note from and including the immediately 
preceding Interest Payment Date (or, if there is no such immediately preceding Interest Payment 
Date, the Interest Commencement Date). 
For the avoidance of doubt, interest (if any) shall, in the case of Linear Basket CLNs or Credit 
Linked Notes to which an M(M)R Restructuring applies, continue to accrue on the remaining 
portion of each Credit Linked Note (if any). 
(f) 
Adjustment Payment 
If, following the occurrence of an Event Determination Date but prior to the Credit Event Loss 
Valuation Date, ISDA publicly announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has resolved that such Event Determination Date occurred on a date that is different 
from the date first determined to be the Event Determination Date or not to have occurred, or an 
Event Determination Date is determined to have occurred prior to a preceding Interest Payment 
Date: 
(i) 
where an Event Determination Date is determined not to have occurred, the redemption or 
partial redemption (as applicable) of such Credit Linked Notes shall be cancelled and the 
Credit Linked Notes shall continue in accordance with their terms as if the relevant Event 
Determination Date had not occurred; and 
(ii) 
in all cases, the Calculation Agent will determine any additional amount payable to the 
Noteholder(s) to reflect any scheduled payment that would have been due on the basis of 
such announcement but was not paid in respect of the Credit Linked Notes or any reduction 
in any subsequent amount that would otherwise subsequently be payable to the 
Noteholders to reflect any payment that was paid but would not have been due on the basis 
of such announcement in respect of the Credit Linked Notes. The Calculation Agent shall 
also determine the date on which any such adjustment shall take effect. For the avoidance 
of doubt, no accruals of interest shall be taken into account when calculating any such 
adjustment payment.

--- Page 240 ---
CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT 
240
4 
Maturity Date Extension
(a) 
Where the Calculation Agent determines that, on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, one or 
more Reference Entities is or may be subject to (i) a Credit Event, (ii) if “Grace Period Extension” 
is specified as being applicable in the relevant Pricing Terms, a Potential Failure to Pay or, (iii) if 
“Repudiation/Moratorium” is specified as being applicable in the relevant Pricing Terms, a 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, it shall notify the Issuer on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity 
Date (with a copy to the Swap Counterparty, the Issuing and Paying Agent and the Trustee) that 
each Credit Linked Note then outstanding shall not be redeemed on the Scheduled Maturity Date 
but shall be redeemed instead on the Extended Maturity Date, and the Issuer (or the Issuing and 
Paying Agent, having been supplied by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent with a notice 
addressed to the Noteholders), will, as soon as reasonably practicable, give an equivalent notice 
to the Noteholders, provided that failure by the Issuer to deliver such notice to the Noteholders 
shall not affect the Credit Linked Notes being redeemed on the Extended Maturity Date (as 
opposed to the Scheduled Maturity Date) in accordance with this Additional CLN Condition 4(a). 
(b) 
If any amount is payable on the Scheduled Maturity Date of a Credit Linked Note to which the 
provisions of Additional CLN Condition 4(a) apply, such amount shall fall due on the Extended 
Maturity Date. No additional amounts of interest or otherwise will accrue or be payable in respect 
of the period from (and including) the Scheduled Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Extended 
Maturity Date as a result of any postponement of the redemption of the Credit Linked Notes. 
5 
Exercise Amounts in respect of M(M)R Restructuring
(a) 
M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event 
Where a relevant Event Determination Date occurs as a result of an M(M)R Restructuring in 
respect of Credit Linked Notes, then: 
(i) 
the Swap Counterparty may elect under the CDS the nominal amount of the Credit Linked 
Notes to which such M(M)R Restructuring applies (the amount so specified, the “Exercise 
Amount”), provided that:  
(A) 
the Exercise Amount may not exceed the outstanding Reference Entity Notional 
Amount of the Affected Reference Entity immediately prior to the delivery of the 
Credit Event Notice; and  
(B) 
if the Exercise Amount is less than (and not equal to) the outstanding Reference 
Entity Notional Amount of the Affected Reference Entity, it must be an amount that is 
at least 1,000,000 units of the Specified Currency (or, if Japanese Yen, 100,000,000 
units) and an integral multiple thereof,  
and provided that the Swap Counterparty may subsequently elect to increase the Exercise 
Amount so long as (x) the Exercise Amount does not exceed the outstanding Reference 
Entity Notional Amount in respect of the Affected Reference Entity and (y) such election 
may not be made after the Exercise Cut-off Date; and 
(ii) 
if the Swap Counterparty does not specify an Exercise Amount, then the outstanding 
Reference Entity Notional Amount in respect of the Affected Reference Entity (and not a 
portion thereof) immediately prior to the delivery of such Credit Event Notice will be deemed 
to have been specified as the Exercise Amount.

--- Page 241 ---
CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT 
241
(b) 
Partial Redemption in respect of M(M)R Restructuring 
If, in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring, the Swap Counterparty has elected an Exercise Amount 
that is less than the outstanding Reference Entity Notional Amount in respect of the Affected 
Reference Entity as at the date immediately prior to the relevant Event Determination Date then: 
(i) 
the Applicable Proportion of the Credit Linked Notes shall be redeemed on the Early 
Redemption Date at the Early Redemption Amount in accordance with these Additional 
CLN Conditions; and 
(ii) 
following any payment of an Early Redemption Amount or any other determination made in 
respect of any Exercise Amount (as the case may be), the Reference Entity Notional 
Amount of the Affected Reference Entity, shall be reduced by an amount equal to the 
Exercise Amount; and 
(iii) 
the Calculation Agent may adjust the provisions of these Additional CLN Conditions and/or 
the relevant Pricing Terms in such manner as it may determine to be appropriate to account 
for such event, including the basis of the calculation of any Early Redemption Amount. 
(c) 
Subsequent Credit Events 
For the avoidance of doubt, the fact that an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event has occurred shall 
not preclude delivery of a Credit Event Notice in respect of (i) in the case of a Credit Linked Note 
subject to multiple successor determinations or a Linear Basket CLN, any Non-Affected Reference 
Entity or (ii) in the case of a Credit Linked Note of any CLN Type, where an M(M)R Restructuring 
Credit Event has previously occurred and the Exercise Amount in respect of an Affected 
Reference Entity was less than (and not equal to) the then outstanding Reference Entity Notional 
Amount of such Affected Reference Entity such that it continues to have a Reference Entity 
Notional Amount greater than zero, such Affected Reference Entity.  
If the provisions of this Additional CLN Condition 5 apply in respect of the Credit Linked Notes, on 
any redemption of part of each such Credit Linked Note, the relevant Credit Linked Note or, if the 
Credit Linked Notes are represented by a Global Note, such Global Note, shall be endorsed to 
reflect such redemption in part. 
6 
Auction Settlement Terms
(a) 
Fallback Settlement 
If “Auction Settlement” applies but: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent determines:  
(A) 
except where the Swap Counterparty exercises the Movement Option on or prior to 
the Movement Option Cut-off Date pursuant to Additional CLN Condition 6(b) 
(Movement Option), that with respect to a Credit Event, no Applicable Auction is 
being, or will be, held; 
(B) 
that (A) an Auction Cancellation Date has occurred, (B) a No Auction Announcement 
Date has occurred (and, in circumstances where such No Auction Announcement 
Date occurs pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) or sub-paragraph (c)(ii) under the 
definition of “No Auction Announcement Date”, the Swap Counterparty has not 
exercised the Movement Option), (C) a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal occurs 
or (D) no Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred on or prior to the date 
falling 122 Reference Business Days after such relevant Event Determination Date 
and the Calculation Agent has determined the Final Price in accordance with 
Additional CLN Condition 7(a); or

--- Page 242 ---
CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT 
242
(C) 
it is otherwise reasonably likely that the CLNs would be redeemed in accordance 
with “Cash Settlement” and gives notice of such to the Issuer (copied to the Issuing 
and Paying Agent, the Swap Counterparty, the Disposal Agent and the Trustee); or 
(ii) 
the Swap Counterparty (or any of its Affiliates) determines in its sole discretion that “Cash 
Settlement” should apply by reference to any internal or external credit default swap 
hedges whether in whole or in part or on a portfolio basis (including, but not limited to, 
credit default swaptions) the Swap Counterparty (and/or any of its Affiliates) has entered 
into in connection with the Credit Linked Notes, 
then the Issuer shall redeem each Credit Linked Note in accordance with these Additional CLN 
Conditions as if “Cash Settlement” was specified as the Credit Event Settlement Method in the 
relevant Pricing Terms. 
(b) 
Movement Option 
If (i) “Mod R” or “Mod Mod R” is specified in the relevant Pricing Terms, (ii) a No Auction 
Announcement Date has occurred pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) or (c)(ii) of the definition of “No 
Auction Announcement Date” and (iii) the Swap Counterparty at any time on or prior to the 
Movement Option Cut-off Date, provides notice of exercise of the Movement Option to the Issuer 
(copied to the Issuing and Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent) (who shall (or the Issuing and 
Paying Agent shall, having been supplied by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent with a notice 
addressed to the Noteholders, on its behalf) send an equivalent notice to the Noteholders, 
provided that any failure to give such notice to the Noteholders shall not affect any determination 
made by the Calculation Agent or the early redemption of the Applicable Proportion of the Credit 
Linked Notes by the Issuer) then, provided that the related Event Determination Date is not 
reversed on or prior to the relevant Early Redemption Date, redemption of the Applicable 
Proportion of Credit Linked Notes shall take place by payment by the Issuer of the Early 
Redemption Amount on the Early Redemption Date, for which purposes the Early Redemption 
Amount and the Early Redemption Date shall be determined by reference to the relevant Parallel 
Auction identified by the Swap Counterparty in its sole discretion. If the Swap Counterparty 
exercises the Movement Option, all references in these Additional CLN Conditions to “Applicable 
Auction”, “Applicable Auction Credit Derivatives Settlement Terms”, “Auction Cancellation Date” 
and “Auction Final Price Determination Date” shall be deemed to be references to the “Parallel 
Auction”, “Parallel Auction Settlement Terms” and “Parallel Auction Cancellation Date” and the 
terms of these Additional CLN Conditions shall be construed accordingly. 
(c) 
Auction Final Price of the Asset Package 
If an Asset Package Credit Event has occurred and the Auction Final Price for the Applicable 
Auction reflects the entire relevant Asset Package in respect of the Prior Deliverable Obligation(s) 
or Package Observable Bond(s) (as applicable) (including any cash forming part of the Asset 
Package and the Asset Market Value of any Non-Financial Instrument or Non-Transferable 
Instrument), the Credit Event Loss Amount shall be determined using the Auction Final Price. If 
the Calculation Agent determines that the Auction Final Price does not reflect the price of the 
entire relevant Asset Package, as determined above, the Calculation Agent shall make such 
adjustment to the Auction Final Price and/or the Credit Event Loss Amount as it deems necessary 
to reflect the value of the Asset Package and to preserve the economic effects of the terms of the 
Credit Linked Notes and for such purposes the Calculation Agent may take into account any 
method of determining the Asset Market Value of any Asset that is a Non-Transferable Instrument 
or a Non-Financial Instrument forming part of the Asset Package but that has not been taken into 
in the Auction Final Price that may be published by the Administrator (as defined in the Applicable 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms) .

--- Page 243 ---
CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT 
243
7 
Determination of the Final Price
This Additional CLN Condition 7 shall apply if “Cash Settlement” is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Pricing Terms or if “Cash Settlement” is deemed to apply in accordance with Additional CLN Condition 
6(a) (Fallback Settlement). 
(a) 
The Final Price will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the Reference Business Day falling 
122 Reference Business Days after the later of (i) the Event Determination Date, (ii) any No 
Auction Announcement Date or (iii) any Auction Cancellation Date, or any earlier Reference 
Business Day(s) selected by the Swap Counterparty in its sole and absolute discretion (the 
date(s) of such determination each being a “Valuation Obligation Valuation Date”). 
(b) 
If: 
(i) 
“Include Accrued Interest” is specified in the relevant Pricing Terms, the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Valuation Obligations shall include accrued but unpaid interest; 
(ii) 
“Exclude Accrued Interest” is specified in the relevant Pricing Terms, the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Valuation Obligations shall not include accrued but unpaid interest; 
or 
(iii) 
neither “Include Accrued Interest” nor “Exclude Accrued Interest” is specified in the relevant 
Pricing Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine, based on the then current market 
practice in the market of the Valuation Obligation whether the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the Valuation Obligation shall include or exclude accrued but unpaid interest 
and, if applicable, the amount thereof. 
(c) 
If an Asset Package Credit Event has occurred, (A) valuation of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or 
Package Observable Bond may be satisfied by valuation of the related Asset Package and such 
Asset Package shall be treated as having the same currency and Outstanding Principal Balance 
as that of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as applicable, to which it 
corresponds immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event, (B) if the Asset Package is 
zero, two Full Quotations shall be deemed to have been obtained for the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond (as applicable) both 
equal to zero, and (C) for any other Asset Package the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
value of the Asset Package and two Full Quotations shall be deemed to have been obtained for 
such valuation, provided that the Calculation Agent may obtain Full Quotations for some or all of 
the components of the Asset Package and/or take account of any method of determining the 
Asset Market Value of any Asset that is a Non-Transferable Instrument or a Non-Financial 
Instrument that may be published. 
8 
Liquidation and Early Redemption
Following the occurrence of a relevant Event Determination Date and an Early Redemption Trigger Date 
in respect of a Series in accordance with Additional CLN Condition 2 (Redemption Following the 
Occurrence of an Event Determination Date), for the purposes of determining the Early Redemption 
Amount payable on the relevant Early Redemption Date, the Disposal Agent shall effect a Liquidation of 
an amount of the Collateral equal to the Applicable Proportion in accordance with Master Condition 13(b) 
(Liquidation Process). 
9 
Effect of DC Announcements
(a) 
Reversal of DC Credit Event Announcement 
If a prior DC Credit Event Announcement or an Event Determination Date is subsequently 
reversed prior to the relevant Credit Event Loss Valuation Date, a Credit Event shall be deemed

--- Page 244 ---
CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT 
244
not to have occurred with respect to the relevant Reference Entity for the purposes of these 
Additional CLN Conditions and, if applicable, Additional CLN Condition 3(f) (Adjustment Payment) 
shall apply. 
(b) 
Linear Basket CLNs 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Linear Basket CLNs, an Event Determination Date may occur 
in respect of each Reference Entity specified in the relevant Pricing Terms provided that, other 
than in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring, an Event Determination Date shall apply only once to 
each such Reference Entity. 
(c) 
Redemption Suspension 
If, following the occurrence of a relevant Event Determination Date but prior to the relevant Credit 
Event Loss Valuation Date, there is an Applicable DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement, all 
timing requirements in these Additional CLN Conditions that pertain to settlement shall toll and 
remain suspended until the date of the Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement or Applicable 
DC Credit Event Question Dismissal, as applicable. During such suspension period, the Issuer is 
not obliged to take any action in connection with the settlement of such Credit Event or the 
redemption, if any, of the Credit Linked Notes. Once the relevant DC Credit Event Announcement 
or DC Credit Event Question Dismissal has occurred, the relevant timing requirements that pertain 
to settlement that have previously tolled or been suspended shall resume on the Reference 
Business Day following such public announcement by the DC Secretary with the Issuer having the 
benefit of the full day notwithstanding when the tolling or suspension began. The Calculation 
Agent shall deliver to the Issuer, and the Issuer (or the Issuing and Paying Agent, having been 
supplied by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent with a notice addressed to the Noteholders, on its 
behalf) shall deliver a notice in accordance with Master Condition 22 (Notices) to the Noteholders 
giving notice of any suspension or resumption of timing requirements pursuant to this Additional 
CLN Condition 9 (provided that any failure by the Issuer to give such notice shall not affect any 
determination made by the Calculation Agent in accordance with this Additional CLN Condition 
9(c)). 
10 Successor Provisions
(a) 
Successor Determinations
As soon as reasonably practicable after becoming aware of a succession (or, in relation to a 
Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, a Sovereign Succession Event), the Calculation Agent will 
be responsible for (i) determining with effect from the Succession Date, any Successor or 
Successors, provided that the Calculation Agent will not make such determination if, at the time of 
the determination, the DC Secretary has publicly announced that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved that there is no Successor based on the relevant 
succession to Relevant Obligations and (ii) delivering a Successor Notice, provided that the 
Calculation Agent will not deliver such notice if the DC Secretary has publicly announced that the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has identified a Successor(s) pursuant to a 
DC Resolution in respect of a Successor Resolution Request Date. 
The Calculation Agent will make all calculations and determinations required to be made under 
this Additional CLN Condition 10 on the basis of Eligible Information. Unless there has been a DC 
Resolution in respect of a Successor Resolution Request Date, the Calculation Agent will notify 
the Issuer and the Issuing and Paying Agent of any such calculation or determination as soon as 
practicable. Information about the occurrence of a succession (or, in relation to a Reference Entity 
that is a Sovereign, a Sovereign Succession Event) pursuant to which one or more Successors 
can be determined, with reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination of the identity

--- Page 245 ---
CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT 
245
of any Successor(s), may be requested at any time by a Noteholder at the specified office of the 
Calculation Agent (subject to proof of ownership of such Note(s) in a form acceptable to the 
Calculation Agent), and will be notified as part of a notice of Potential Failure to Pay or a 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice or a Credit Event Notice (as the case may be) in 
respect of the relevant Reference Entity. 
In calculating the percentages used to determine whether an entity qualifies as a Successor under 
this Additional CLN Condition 10(a), if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall consider 
all related successions in respect of such Steps Plan in aggregate as if forming part of a single 
succession. 
(b) 
Multiple Successors  
Following a Succession Date if more than one Successor has been identified, the Calculation 
Agent shall propose such amendments to the terms of the Credit Linked Notes and/or the 
Transaction Documents as it determines are appropriate to reflect sub-paragraphs (i) to (iii) below, 
the standard market terms applicable to each Successor in the credit derivatives market and to 
preserve the economic effect of the Notes. The Calculation Agent will notify the Issuer, the 
Trustee and each other relevant Transaction Party of such amendments. The Issuer, the Trustee 
and each other relevant Transaction Party shall, without the consent of Noteholders or 
Couponholders and provided that the proposed amendments do not impose additional liabilities or 
additional obligations on any such Transaction Party compared to the liabilities or obligations prior 
to such amendments, effect such amendments as soon as reasonably practicable and the Issuer 
shall promptly notify the Noteholders of such amendments in accordance with Master Condition 
22 (Notices), provided that any failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of any such 
amendments, which shall be binding on the Noteholders and Couponholders when made. 
The amendments proposed by the Calculation Agent should reflect the following: 
(i) 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the original Reference Entity will be divided 
equally between the number of Successors and the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
relevant type of Reference Entity (including any relevant Reference Entity Obligation and 
Deliverable Obligation Category and Deliverable Obligation Characteristics) by reference to 
market practice in such type of Reference Entity; 
(ii) 
if a single entity would be a Reference Entity hereunder more than once, then it will be 
deemed to be a Reference Entity only once, and the Reference Entity Notional Amount for 
such Reference Entity will be the sum of the Reference Entity Notional Amounts otherwise 
applicable to it (and such change shall have no effect on the Aggregate Principal Amount of 
the Linear Basket CLNs); and 
(iii) 
each Successor will be a Reference Entity and the provisions in these Additional CLN 
Conditions applicable to Linear Basket CLNs shall apply to the Notes mutatis mutandis 
(and, in the case of Credit Linked Notes which were Linear Basket CLNs before the 
relevant Succession Date, the Reference Entity Notional Amount of each Reference Entity 
in respect of which the Succession Date has not occurred, shall be unaffected). 
(c) 
Exchange Offer 
In the case of an exchange offer, the determination required pursuant to the definition of 
“Successor” shall be made on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of Relevant 
Obligations exchanged and not on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of the Exchange 
Bonds or Loans.

--- Page 246 ---
CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT 
246
(d) 
Joint Potential Successors 
If two or more entities (each, a “Joint Potential Successor”) jointly succeed to a Relevant 
Obligation (the “Joint Relevant Obligation”) either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, then (a) if the Joint Relevant Obligation was a direct obligation of the Reference Entity, 
it shall be treated as having been succeeded to by the Joint Potential Successor (or Joint Potential 
Successors, in equal parts) which succeeded to such Joint Relevant Obligation as direct obligor or 
obligors, or (b) if the Joint Relevant Obligation was a Relevant Guarantee, it shall be treated as 
having been succeeded to by the Joint Potential Successor (or Joint Potential Successors, in 
equal parts) which succeeded to such Joint Relevant Obligation as guarantor or guarantors, if any, 
or otherwise by each Joint Potential Successor in equal parts. 
(e) 
Eligible Successors 
An entity may only be a Successor if: 
(i) 
either (A) the related Succession Date occurs on or after the Successor Backstop Date, or 
(B) such entity is a Universal Successor in respect of which the Succession Date occurred 
on or after 1 January 2014; 
(ii) 
the Reference Entity had at least one Relevant Obligation outstanding immediately prior to 
the Succession Date and such entity succeeds to all or part of at least one Relevant 
Obligation of the Reference Entity; and 
(iii) 
where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, such entity succeeded to the Relevant 
Obligations by way of a Sovereign Succession Event. 
11 Multiple Holder Obligation
Unless “Multiple Holder Obligation” is specified to be not applicable in the relevant Pricing Terms, then 
none of the events described in sub-paragraphs (a) to (e) of the definition of “Restructuring” shall 
constitute a Restructuring unless the Reference Entity Obligation is a Multiple Holder Obligation. 
In respect of an LPN Reference Entity, Multiple Holder Obligation will be “Not Applicable” with respect to 
any Reference Obligation (and any Underlying Loan). 
12 Reference Obligation
(a) 
No Standard Reference Obligation
If the Standard Reference Obligation is removed from the SRO List, such obligation shall cease to 
be the Reference Obligation (other than for purposes of the "Not Subordinated" Obligation 
Characteristic or "Not Subordinated" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic) and there shall be no 
Reference Obligation unless and until such obligation is subsequently replaced on the SRO List, 
in which case, the new Standard Reference Obligation in respect of the Reference Entity shall 
constitute the Reference Obligation. 
(b) 
Substitute Reference Obligation 
(i) 
If a Substitution Event has occurred with respect to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation, 
the Calculation Agent shall identify a Substitute Reference Obligation in accordance with 
sub-paragraphs (iii), (iv) and (v) of this Additional CLN Condition 12(b) to replace such Non-
Standard Reference Obligation; provided that the Calculation Agent will not identify an 
obligation as the Substitute Reference Obligation if, at the time of the determination, such 
obligation has already been rejected as the Substitute Reference Obligation by the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and such obligation has not changed 
materially since the date of the relevant DC Resolution.

--- Page 247 ---
CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT 
247
(ii) 
If any of the events set forth under sub-paragraph (a) or (c) of the definition of “Substitution 
Event” have occurred with respect to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation, such Non-
Standard Reference Obligation will cease to be the Reference Obligation (other than for 
purposes of the “Not Subordinated” Obligation Characteristic or “Not Subordinated” 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic and sub-paragraph (iii)(B) of this Additional CLN 
Condition 12(b)). If the event set forth in sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of “Substitution 
Event” has occurred with respect to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation and no 
Substitute Reference Obligation is available, such Non-Standard Reference Obligation will 
continue to be a Reference Obligation until the Substitute Reference Obligation is identified 
or, if earlier, until any of the events set forth under sub-paragraph (a) or (c) of the definition 
of “Substitution Event” occur with respect to such Non-Standard Reference Obligation. 
(iii) 
The Substitute Reference Obligation shall be an obligation that on the Substitution Date: 
(A) 
is a Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider 
of a guarantee); 
(B) 
satisfies the Not Subordinated Deliverable Obligation Characteristic as of the date it 
was issued or incurred (without reflecting any change in the priority of payment after 
such date) and on the Substitution Date; and 
(C) 
 
(I) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Conforming Reference 
Obligation when issued or incurred and immediately prior to the Substitution 
Event Date: 
(1)  
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of “Deliverable 
Obligation”; or if no such obligation is available; or 
(2) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with sub-paragraph 
(a) of the definition of “Deliverable Obligation”; 
(II) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Bond (or any other Borrowed 
Money obligation other than a Loan) which was a Non-Conforming Reference 
Obligation when issued or incurred and/or immediately prior to the 
Substitution Event Date: 
(1)  
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other than a 
Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
(2) 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of “Deliverable 
Obligation”; or if no such obligation is available, 
(3) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is a Loan 
(other than a Private-side Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
(4) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with sub-paragraph 
(a) of the definition of “Deliverable Obligation”; or 
(III) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Loan which was a Non-
Conforming Reference Obligation when incurred and/or immediately prior to 
the Substitution Event Date:

--- Page 248 ---
CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT 
248
(1) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is a Loan 
(other than a Private-side Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
(2) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other than a 
Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
(3) 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of “Deliverable 
Obligation”; or if no such obligation is available, 
(4) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with sub-paragraph 
(a) of the definition of “Deliverable Obligation”. 
(iv) 
If more than one potential Substitute Reference Obligation is identified pursuant to the 
process described in sub-paragraph (iii) of this Additional CLN Condition 12(b), the 
Substitute Reference Obligation will be the potential Substitute Reference Obligation that 
most closely preserves the economic equivalent of the delivery and payment obligations of 
the Issuer under the relevant Series, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The 
Calculation Agent will (if a Substitute Reference Obligation has not been identified) notify 
the Issuer of a Substitute Reference Obligation as soon as reasonably practicable after it 
has been identified in accordance with sub-paragraph (iii) of this Additional CLN Condition 
12(b) and the Substitute Reference Obligation shall replace the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation immediately upon such notification. 
(v) 
If a Substitution Event has occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
and the Calculation Agent determines that no Substitute Reference Obligation is available 
for the Non-Standard Reference Obligation then, subject to sub-paragraph (i) of this 
Additional CLN Condition 12(b) and notwithstanding the fact that the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation may have ceased to be the Reference Obligation in accordance with 
sub-paragraph (ii) of this Additional CLN Condition 12(b), the Calculation Agent may 
continue to attempt to identify the Substitute Reference Obligation. 
(c) 
Reference Obligation Only Series 
(i) 
If the event set out in sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of “Substitution Event” occurs with 
respect to the Reference Obligation in a Series in respect of a Reference Entity to which 
“Reference Obligation Only” applies, and such Reference Obligation is the only Reference 
Obligation for such Reference Entity (an “ROO Substitution Event”), then such Reference 
Entity will be treated as an Affected Reference Entity and:  
(A) 
interest (if any) shall cease to accrue on the Applicable Proportion of the Credit 
Linked Notes from (and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding 
the Substitution Event Date relating to such ROO Substitution Event (or, if no 
Interest Payment Date has occurred, the Interest Commencement Date); 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent shall, upon becoming aware of the occurrence of an ROO 
Substitution Event, give notice to the Issuer and the Issuer (or the Issuing and 
Paying Agent, having been supplied by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent with an 
Early Redemption Notice addressed to the Noteholders stating the occurrence of 
such ROO Substitution Event and setting out the Early Redemption Date in respect 
thereof, on its behalf) shall deliver an Early Redemption Notice in accordance with 
Master Condition 22 (Notices) to the Noteholders (the date of such Early 
Redemption Notice being the “Early Redemption Trigger Date”); and

--- Page 249 ---
CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT 
249
(C) 
the Applicable Proportion of each Credit Linked Note shall be redeemed at the Early 
Redemption Amount on the Early Redemption Date. 
(ii) 
Notwithstanding the definition of “Substitute Reference Obligation”, (a) no Substitute 
Reference Obligation shall be determined in respect of the Reference Obligation for a 
Reference Entity to which “Reference Obligation Only” applies, and (b) if the events set out 
in sub-paragraph (b) or (c) of the definition of “Substitution Event” occur with respect to the 
Reference Obligation to which “Reference Obligation Only” applies, such Reference 
Obligation shall continue to be the Reference Obligation. 
(d) 
DC Substitute Reference Obligation Resolution 
Notwithstanding the provision of this Additional CLN Condition 12 (other than Additional CLN 
Condition 12(c) (Reference Obligation Only Series)), the Calculation Agent shall select as the 
Substitute Reference Obligation for a Series an obligation of the relevant Reference Entity which 
is determined by DC Resolution to be the Substitute Reference Obligation to a Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation. 
13 Change in Standard Hedging Terms
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Change in Standard Hedging Terms has occurred, it may (but 
has no obligation to) propose such amendments to the terms of the Credit Linked Notes and/or the 
Transaction Documents as it determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) 
are appropriate to account for the effect (including, without limitation, the economic effect) of such 
Change in Standard Hedging Terms on any internal or external credit default swap hedges whether in 
whole or in part or on a portfolio basis (including, but not limited to, credit default swaptions) the Swap 
Counterparty (and/or any of its Affiliates) may enter into in connection with the Credit Linked Notes. The 
Calculation Agent will notify the Issuer, the Trustee and each other relevant Transaction Party, the 
relevant clearing system(s) and the Noteholders in writing (such notice, an “Amendment Notice”) of 
such amendments. The Issuer, the Trustee and each other relevant Transaction Party shall, without the 
consent of Noteholders or Couponholders, effect such amendments as soon as reasonably practicable 
and in any event within ten Business Days following the Calculation Agent giving such Amendment 
Notice, provided that neither the Trustee nor the Agents shall be obliged so to concur if in the opinion of 
the Trustee or the Agents, as the case may be, doing so would impose more onerous obligations upon it 
or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective 
provisions afforded to the Trustee or the Agents, as applicable, in these Conditions or the Transaction 
Documents (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any supplemental agreements) in any way. Any such 
amendments shall be binding on the Noteholders and Couponholders when made. 
14 Definitions
The following definitions which relate to the Credit Linked Notes should be read in conjunction with the 
Additional CLN Conditions: 
“Accelerated or Matured” means an obligation under which the principal amount owed, whether by 
reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise, is due and payable in full in accordance with 
the terms of such obligation, or would have been but for, and without regard to, any limitation imposed 
under any applicable insolvency laws. 
“Additional LPN” means, in respect of an LPN Reference Entity, any bond issued in the form of an LPN) 
by an LPN Issuer for the sole purpose of providing funds for the LPN Issuer to: 
(a) 
finance a loan to the Reference Entity (an “Underlying Loan”); or

--- Page 250 ---
CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT 
250
(b) 
provide finance to the LPN Reference Entity by way of a deposit, loan or other Borrowed Money 
instrument (an “Underlying Finance Instrument”), 
provided that: 
(i) 
either: 
(A) 
in the event that there is an Underlying Loan with respect to such LPN such 
Underlying Loan satisfies the Obligation Characteristics specified in respect of the 
LPN Reference Entity; or 
(B) 
in the event that there is an Underlying Finance Instrument with respect to such LPN 
such Underlying Finance Instrument satisfies the Not Subordinated, Not Domestic 
Law and Not Domestic Currency Obligation Characteristics; 
(ii) 
the LPN satisfies the following Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: Transferable, Not 
Bearer, Specified Currency – Standard Specified Currencies, Not Domestic Law, Not 
Domestic Issuance; and 
(iii) 
the LPN Issuer has, as of the issue date of such obligation, granted a First Ranking Interest 
over or in respect of certain of its rights in relation to the relevant Underlying Loan or 
Underlying Finance Instrument (as applicable) for the benefit of the holders of the LPNs. 
“Additional Obligation” means, in respect of an LPN Reference Entity, each of the obligations listed as 
an Additional Obligation of the Reference Entity in the relevant Pricing Terms or set forth on the relevant 
LPN Reference Obligations List, as published by Markit Group Limited, or any successor thereto, as of 
the Trade Date, which list is currently available at https://ihsmarkit.com/products/red-cds.html. 
“Affected Reference Entity” means a Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event and a related 
Event Determination Date has occurred. 
“Affiliate” means, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by the person, any 
entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the person or any entity directly or indirectly under common 
control with the person. For this purpose, “control” of any entity or person means ownership of a majority 
of the voting power of the entity or person. 
“Aggregate Principal Amount” means, on the Issue Date, the aggregate principal amount of the Credit 
Linked Notes of such Series specified in the relevant Pricing Terms and, on any date thereafter, the 
aggregate principal amount of such Credit Linked Notes of such Series outstanding on such date, taking 
into account any amortisations, partial redemptions (including pursuant to the Additional CLN Conditions) 
and further issues of such Credit Linked Notes of such Series on or prior to such date. 
“Amendment Notice” has the meaning given to it in Additional CLN Condition 13 (Change in Standard 
Hedging Terms). 
“Applicable Auction” means an Auction which the Calculation Agent determines, taking into account the 
terms of the Series, is relevant to a Credit Event with respect to a Reference Entity and Reference Entity 
Obligations thereof and which relates to deliverable obligations which would constitute Reference 
Obligation(s) and/or Deliverable Obligation(s), as applicable, under the Credit Linked Notes (or if an 
Asset Package Credit Event has occurred, which relates to the Asset Package for obligations which 
would constitute Prior Deliverable Obligation(s) or Package Observable Bond(s), as applicable, under the 
Credit Linked Notes) (for which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account the credit 
derivatives transaction(s) and the relevant seniority level thereof, credit event, reference entity, 
obligations and deliverable obligations to which the Auction relates and, if the Auction relates to an 
M(M)R Restructuring, the Scheduled Maturity Date of the Credit Linked Notes and the scheduled

--- Page 251 ---
CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT 
251
termination date of the credit derivatives transactions covered by the Auction and the maturity date of the 
deliverable obligations to which the Auction relates). 
“Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement” means a DC Credit Event Announcement which the 
Calculation Agent determines, taking into account the terms of the Series, is relevant to the Credit Linked 
Notes (for which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account the credit derivatives 
transaction(s), credit event, reference entity and obligation(s) thereof to which such DC Credit Event 
Announcement relates and the terms of the Credit Linked Notes). 
“Applicable DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement” means a DC Credit Event Meeting 
Announcement which the Calculation Agent determines, taking into account the terms of the Series, is 
relevant to the Credit Linked Notes (for which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account the 
credit derivatives transaction(s), credit event, reference entity and obligation(s) thereof which are the 
subject of the DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement). 
“Applicable DC Credit Event Question” means a DC Credit Event Question which the Calculation 
Agent determines, taking into account the terms of the Series, is relevant to the Credit Linked Notes (for 
which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account the credit derivatives transaction(s), credit 
event, reference entity and obligation(s) thereof which are the subject of the DC Credit Event Question). 
“Applicable DC Credit Event Question Dismissal” means a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal which 
the Calculation Agent determines, taking into account the terms of the Series, is relevant to the Credit 
Linked Notes (for which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account the credit derivatives 
transaction(s), credit event, reference entity and obligation(s) thereof which are the subject of the DC 
Credit Event Question Dismissal). 
“Applicable DC No Credit Event Announcement” means a DC No Credit Event Announcement which 
the Calculation Agent determines, taking into account the terms of the Series, is relevant to the Credit 
Linked Notes (for which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account the credit derivatives 
transaction(s), credit event, reference entity and obligation(s) thereof which are the subject of the DC No 
Credit Event Announcement and the Credit Events, Reference Entities and Reference Entity Obligations 
thereof under the Credit Linked Notes). 
“Applicable Proportion” means, where the Credit Linked Notes are being redeemed early in 
accordance with these Additional CLN Conditions: 
(a) 
if the redemption is not as a result of an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event: 
(i) 
where the Credit Linked Note is a Single Name CLN, 100 per cent.; or 
(ii) 
where the Credit Linked Note is a Linear Basket CLN, the Reference Entity Weighting of 
the Affected Reference Entity; or 
(b) 
if the redemption is as a result of an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event: 
(i) 
in the case of a Single Name CLN, an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (x) the 
final Exercise Amount (as at the Exercise Cut-off Date) elected by the Swap Counterparty 
relating to the Affected Reference Entity, divided by (y) the Aggregate Principal Amount of 
the Credit Linked Notes; 
(ii) 
in the case of a Linear Basket CLN, an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (x) 
the final Exercise Amount (as at the Exercise Cut-off Date) elected by the Swap 
Counterparty relating to the Affected Reference Entity, multiplied by (y) the Reference 
Entity Weighting of the Affected Reference Entity, divided by (z) the Reference Entity 
Notional Amount of such Affected Reference Entity,

--- Page 252 ---
CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT 
252
provided that where the Applicable Proportion is applied pursuant to an Additional CLN 
Condition in respect of: 
(A) 
any Collateral or Original Collateral, it shall be construed as applying to the 
outstanding nominal amount of such Collateral or Original Collateral, or 
(B) 
the entire Series, it shall be applied to the Aggregate Principal Amount of the Credit 
Linked Notes, as applicable. 
“Applicable Resolution” means a DC Resolution of a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
which the Calculation Agent determines, taking into account the terms of the Series, is relevant to the 
Credit Linked Notes (for which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account (a) the credit 
derivatives transaction(s), credit event, succession event, reference entity and obligation(s) thereof and 
any other factor to which the DC Resolution relates and the terms of the Credit Linked Notes and (b) any 
hedging transaction that the Issuer has entered or may enter into in connection with the Credit Linked 
Notes). 
“Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms” means, with respect to a Reference Entity and a 
Credit Event, the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms which the Calculation Agent 
determines, taking into account the terms of the Series, have been published with respect to the 
Applicable Auction. 
“Asset” means each obligation, equity, amount of cash, security, fee (including any “early-bird” or other 
consent fee), right and/or other asset, whether tangible or otherwise and whether issued, incurred, paid 
or provided by the Reference Entity or a third party (or any value which was realised or capable of being 
realised in circumstances where the right and/or other asset no longer exists). 
“Asset Market Value” means the market value of an Asset, as the Calculation Agent shall determine by 
reference to an appropriate specialist valuation or in accordance with the methodology determined by the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
“Asset Package” means, in respect of an Asset Package Credit Event, all of the Assets in the proportion 
received or retained by a Relevant Holder in connection with such relevant Asset Package Credit Event 
(which may include the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as the case may be). 
If the Relevant Holder is offered, receives and retains nothing, the Asset Package shall be deemed to be 
zero. An Asset Package shall be treated as having the same currency and Outstanding Principal Balance 
as that of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond (as applicable) to which it 
corresponds immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event. 
“Asset Package Credit Event” means: 
(a) 
if “Financial Reference Entity Terms” and “Governmental Intervention” are specified as applicable 
in the relevant Pricing Terms: (i) a Governmental Intervention; or (ii) a Restructuring in respect of 
the Reference Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity, if “Restructuring” is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Pricing Terms and such Restructuring does not constitute a 
Governmental Intervention; and 
(b) 
if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and “Restructuring” is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Pricing Terms, a Restructuring, 
in each case, whether or not such event is specified as the applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event 
Notice or the DC Credit Event Announcement. 
“Asset Package Delivery” will apply if an Asset Package Credit Event occurs, unless (i) such Asset 
Package Credit Event occurs prior to the Credit Event Backstop Date determined in respect of the Credit 
Event specified in the Credit Event Notice or DC Credit Event Announcement applicable to the Event

--- Page 253 ---
CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT 
253
Determination Date, or (ii) if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, no Package Observable Bond exists 
immediately prior to such Asset Package Credit Event. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if “Sovereign 
Reference Entity No Asset Package Delivery” is specified as “Applicable” in the relevant Pricing Terms, it 
shall be deemed that no Package Observable Bond exists with respect to a Reference Entity that is a 
Sovereign (even if such a Package Observable Bond has been published by ISDA) and accordingly, 
Asset Package Delivery shall not apply thereto. 
“Assignable Loan” means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated to, at a minimum, 
commercial banks or financial institutions (irrespective of their jurisdiction of organisation) that are not 
then a lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate, without the consent of the Reference Entity 
or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent of the applicable borrower if the Reference Entity is 
guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent. 
“Auction” means, with respect to a Reference Entity and a Credit Event, unless otherwise specified in 
the Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms an auction pursuant to which an Auction Final 
Price is to be determined in accordance with the auction procedure set out in the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
“Auction Cancellation Date” means, with respect to an Auction, unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms, the date on which such Auction was deemed 
to have been cancelled as announced by the DC Secretary (and/or the administrators specified in the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms) on its website or such other date as determined 
and announced in accordance with the relevant Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
“Auction Final Price” means, with respect to an Applicable Auction, unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms, the price (expressed as a percentage) in 
respect of the deliverable obligations which would constitute Reference Obligation(s) and/or Deliverable 
Obligation(s) under the Credit Linked Notes or, if an Asset Package Credit Event has resulted in such 
Applicable Auction, in respect of the Asset Package which results from either a Prior Deliverable 
Obligation or a Package Observable Bond under the Credit Linked Notes, determined to be the Auction 
Final Price in accordance with the relevant Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. If an Asset 
Package Credit Event has occurred and the Calculation Agent determines that the Auction Final Price 
does not reflect the entire relevant Asset Package (including any cash forming part of the Asset Package 
and any cash in respect of the Asset Market Value of any Non-Financial Instrument or Non-Transferable 
Instrument), the Calculation Agent may make such adjustment as it deems necessary to the Auction 
Final Price in accordance with Additional CLN Condition 6(c) (Auction Final Price of the Asset Package) 
to ensure that the entire relevant Asset Package is reflected. 
“Auction Final Price Determination Date” means, with respect to an Applicable Auction, the day, if any, 
on which the Auction Final Price is determined or such other date as specified in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
“Bankruptcy” means the Reference Entity (a) is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger), (b) becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing 
in a judicial, regulatory or administrative proceeding or filing its inability generally to pay its debts as they 
become due, (c) makes a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the 
benefit of its creditors generally, or such a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition 
becomes effective, (d) institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of 
insolvency or bankruptcy or any other similar relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other law 
affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and, in the case of 
any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented against it, such proceeding or petition (i) results in 
a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its 
winding-up or liquidation or (ii) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within 30

--- Page 254 ---
CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT 
254
calendar days of the institution or presentation thereof, (e) has a resolution passed for its winding-up or 
liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger), (f) seeks or becomes 
subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, 
custodian, monitor or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets, (g) has a secured 
party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, 
sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all its 
assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, 
stayed or restrained, in each case within 30 calendar days thereafter, or (h) causes or is subject to any 
event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to 
any of the events specified in sub-paragraphs (a) to (g) of this definition. 
“Bond” means any obligation of a type included in the “Borrowed Money” Obligation Category that is in 
the form of, or represented by, a bond, note (other than notes delivered pursuant to Loans), certificated 
debt notes or other debt notes and shall not include any other type of Borrowed Money. 
“Bond or Loan” means any obligation that is either a Bond or a Loan. 
“Borrowed Money” means any obligation (excluding an obligation under a revolving credit arrangement 
for which there are no outstanding, unpaid drawings in respect of principal) for the payment or repayment 
of borrowed money (which term shall include, without limitation, deposits and reimbursement obligations 
arising from drawings pursuant to letters of credit). 
“Change in Standard Hedging Terms” will occur if the Calculation Agent determines that (a) the terms 
of any internal or external credit default swap hedges whether in whole or in part or on a portfolio basis 
(including, but not limited to, credit default swaptions) that the Swap Counterparty (and/or any of its 
affiliates) has or may enter into in connection with a Series of Credit Linked Notes will or may change as 
a result of, without limitation, modification pursuant to any protocol published by ISDA or any equivalent 
market arrangement; or (b) market standard terms or market trading conventions in the credit derivatives 
market have changed since the Trade Date of such Notes. 
“Combined Weighted Average Quotation” has the meaning given in the definition of “Quotation”. 
“Conditionally Transferable Obligation” means a Deliverable Obligation that is either Transferable, in 
the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Modified Eligible Transferees without 
the consent of any person being required, in the case of any Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds, in 
each case, as of the date on which it is due to be delivered into an Auction, provided, however, that a 
Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds will be a Conditionally Transferable Obligation notwithstanding 
that consent of the Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of a Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds 
(or the consent of the relevant obligor of the Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Deliverable 
Obligation) or any agent is required for such novation, assignment or transfer to so long as the terms of 
such Deliverable Obligation provide that such consent may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. 
Any requirement that notification of novation, assignment or transfer of a Deliverable Obligation be 
provided to a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent for a Deliverable 
Obligation shall not be considered to be a requirement for consent for the purposes of this definition of 
“Conditionally Transferable Obligation”. 
“Conforming Reference Obligation” means a Reference Obligation which is a Deliverable Obligation 
determined in accordance with sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of “Deliverable Obligation”. 
“Consent Required Loan” means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated with the consent 
of the Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent of the relevant borrower if 
the Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent. 
“Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms” means any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement 
Terms published by the DC Secretary on its website at https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/

--- Page 255 ---
CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT 
255
(or any successor website thereto) from time to time and may be amended from time to time. The 
Calculation Agent shall be authorised to construe any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms 
(including any Transaction Auction Settlement Terms or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms) in such 
manner as it shall determine to be necessary in order to give effect to the meaning of any word or 
expression used herein which is defined by reference to such Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement 
Terms. 
“Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee” has the meaning given to it in the ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions. 
“Credit Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following Credit Events as specified in the 
relevant Pricing Terms: Bankruptcy, Failure to Pay, Obligation Acceleration, Obligation Default, 
Repudiation/Moratorium, Restructuring or Governmental Intervention. If an occurrence would otherwise 
constitute a Credit Event, such occurrence will constitute a Credit Event whether or not such occurrence 
arises directly or indirectly from, or is subject to a defence based upon: 
(a) 
any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of the Reference Entity to enter into any 
Reference Entity Obligation or, as applicable, an Underlying Obligor to enter into any Underlying 
Obligation; 
(b) 
any actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect to any 
Reference Entity Obligation or, as applicable, any Underlying Obligation, however described; 
(c) 
any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the promulgation of, 
or any change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or similar 
administrative or judicial body with competent or apparent jurisdiction of any applicable law, order, 
regulation, decree or notice, however described; or 
(d) 
the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any other similar 
restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority, however described. 
“Credit Event Backstop Date” means, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Pricing Terms, (a) for 
the purposes of any event that constitutes a Credit Event (or, with respect to a Repudiation/Moratorium, if 
applicable, the event described in sub-paragraph (b) of the definition thereof), as determined by DC 
Resolution, the date that is 60 calendar days prior to the Credit Event Resolution Request Date or (b) 
otherwise, the date that is 60 calendar days prior to the earlier of (i) the Notice Delivery Date, if the 
Notice Delivery Date occurs during the Notice Delivery Period and (ii) the Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date, if the Notice Delivery Date occurs during the Post Dismissal Additional Period. The Credit 
Event Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day 
Convention. 
“Credit Event Loss Amount” means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in the Base 
Currency equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
the product of (I) an amount equal to the lower of the Reference Entity Notional Amount and, if 
applicable, the Exercise Amount, in each case in respect of the Affected Reference Entity and (II) 
100 per cent. minus either (x) if “Auction Settlement” applies, the Auction Final Price, (y) if “Cash 
Settlement” applies, the Final Price, or (z) if “Fixed Recovery Settlement” applies, the Fixed 
Recovery Percentage, as applicable. 
“Credit Event Loss Valuation Date” means five Reference Business Days following: 
(a) 
if “Auction Settlement” applies, the Auction Final Price Determination Date; 
(b) 
if “Cash Settlement” applies, the final Valuation Obligation Valuation Date; or

--- Page 256 ---
CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT 
256
(c) 
if “Fixed Recovery Settlement” applies, the Event Determination Date. 
“Credit Event Notice” means an irrevocable notice from the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer, which the 
Swap Counterparty has the right but not the obligation to deliver, that: 
(a) 
identifies the Series to which the Credit Event Notice relates; and 
(b) 
describes a Credit Event which may be by attaching or providing a link to the relevant DC Credit 
Event Announcement that occurred on or after the Credit Event Backstop Date and on or prior to 
the Extension Date. 
Any Credit Event Notice that describes a Credit Event that occurred after the Scheduled Maturity Date 
must relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace Period Extension Date, or the 
relevant Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of a Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
A Credit Event Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the 
determination that a Credit Event has occurred, provided that where an Event Determination Date has 
occurred pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) of the definition thereof, a reference to the relevant DC Credit 
Event Announcement shall suffice. The Credit Event that is the subject of the Credit Event Notice need 
not be continuing on the date the Credit Event Notice is effective. 
“Credit Event Resolution Request Date” means, with respect to a DC Credit Event Question, the date 
as publicly announced by the DC Secretary, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee Resolves to be the date on which the DC Credit Event Question was effective and on which 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was in possession of Publicly Available 
Information with respect to such DC Credit Event Question. 
“Credit Event Settlement Method” means “Auction Settlement”, “Cash Settlement”, or “Fixed Recovery 
Settlement”, as specified in the relevant Pricing Terms. 
“CRR” means Article 63 of Regulation 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 
June 2013, as amended or replaced from time to time. 
“Currency Rate Source” means the mid-point rate of conversion published by WM/Reuters at 4:00 p.m. 
(London time), or any successor rate source approved by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee. 
“CUSIP” means, with respect to a security, the “CUSIP” identification number assigned to such security 
(if any). 
“DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date” means, with respect to a DC Credit Event Announcement, 
the Auction Final Price Determination Date, the Auction Cancellation Date, or the date that is 14 calendar 
days following the No Auction Announcement Date, if any, as applicable. 
“DC Credit Event Announcement” means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public announcement 
by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that an 
event that constitutes a Credit Event for the purposes of the relevant Series has occurred on or after the 
Credit Event Backstop Date and on or prior to the Extension Date provided that if the Credit Event 
occurred after the Scheduled Maturity Date, the DC Credit Event Announcement must relate to the 
relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace Period Extension Date, or the relevant 
Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of a Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
“DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement” means, with respect to the relevant Reference Entity, a 
public announcement by the DC Secretary that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will be 
convened to Resolve the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question.

--- Page 257 ---
CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT 
257
“DC Credit Event Question” means a notice to the DC Secretary requesting that a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve whether an event that constitutes a Credit Event in 
respect to a Reference Entity of the relevant Series has occurred. 
“DC Credit Event Question Dismissal” means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
Resolved not to determine the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question. 
“DC No Credit Event Announcement” means, with respect to the relevant Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
Resolved that an event that is the subject of a DC Credit Event Question does not constitute a Credit 
Event with respect to such Reference Entity. 
“DC Resolution” means a resolution of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee in accordance 
with the definition of “Resolve”. 
“DC Rules” means the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Rules, as published by the DC 
Secretary on its website https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor website 
thereto) from time to time and as amended from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof. 
“DC Secretary” means ISDA or such other entity designated as DC Secretary in accordance with the DC 
Rules. 
“Default Requirement” means the amount specified as such in the relevant Pricing Terms or its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency (or, if no such amount is specified, USD 10,000,000 or its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency) in either case, as of the occurrence of the relevant Credit 
Event. 
“Deliverable Obligation” means: 
(a) 
any obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) 
determined pursuant to the “Method for determining Deliverable Obligations” below or which is 
included in the Final List published relating to any Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement 
Terms; 
(b) 
the Reference Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity; 
(c) 
solely in relation to a Restructuring Credit Event applicable to a Reference Entity which is a 
Sovereign, and unless Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Sovereign Restructured 
Deliverable Obligation; and 
(d) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Prior Deliverable Obligation (if “Financial Reference 
Entity Terms” is specified as applicable in the relevant Pricing Terms) or any Package Observable 
Bond (if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign), 
in each case, (i) unless it is an Excluded Deliverable Obligation and (ii) provided that the obligation has 
an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount that is greater than zero (determined for 
the purposes of sub-paragraph (d) of this definition, immediately prior to the relevant Asset Package 
Credit Event). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in respect of an LPN Reference Entity, each Reference 
Obligation will be a Deliverable Obligation regardless of whether such obligation is an obligation of such 
LPN Reference Entity. For the purposes of this definition: (I) with respect to any LPN Reference 
Obligation that specifies an Underlying Loan or an Underlying Finance Instrument, the Outstanding 
Principal Balance shall be determined by reference to the Underlying Loan or Underlying Finance 
Instrument (as applicable) relating to such LPN Reference Obligation; and (II) the “Not Subordinated” 
Obligation Characteristic and Deliverable Obligation Characteristic shall be construed as if no Reference 
Obligation was specified in respect of such LPN Reference Entity.

--- Page 258 ---
CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT 
258
Method for determining Deliverable Obligations 
A Deliverable Obligation shall be each obligation of the Reference Entity described by the Deliverable 
Obligation Category specified in the relevant Pricing Terms and having each of the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the relevant Pricing Terms, in each case, as of the date on 
which such obligation is to be delivered in an Auction (the “Delivery Date”) (unless otherwise specified in 
the relevant Pricing Terms). 
If an obligation would have been capable of being specified as a Deliverable Obligation immediately prior 
to a Credit Event in respect of a Reference Entity, such obligation (as in effect after such Credit Event) 
shall continue to be able to constitute a Deliverable Obligation after the occurrence of such Credit Event. 
If it is not possible or reasonably practicable to specify any Reference Entity Obligation as a Deliverable 
Obligation of the Reference Entity because there is or will be no Deliverable Obligation in existence at 
any time, the Calculation Agent shall designate by notice (which shall be in writing (including by email)) 
to the Issuer one or more bonds, loans, instruments, certificates or other obligations which have been or 
will be issued in exchange, whether pursuant to a mandatory or voluntary exchange, for one or more 
bonds, loans, instruments, certificates or obligations of the Reference Entity that would have been 
capable of being specified as a Deliverable Obligation immediately prior to the occurrence of the relevant 
Credit Event of the Reference Entity, provided, that failure to deliver such notice shall not affect the 
effectiveness of such designation. 
“Deliverable Obligation Category” means one of Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference Obligation 
Only, Bond, Loan, or Bond or Loan (each as defined in the definition of “Reference Entity Obligation”, 
except that, for the purposes of determining Deliverable Obligations, the definition of “Reference 
Obligation Only” shall be amended to state that no Deliverable Obligation Characteristics shall be 
applicable to Reference Obligation Only). 
“Deliverable Obligation Characteristics” means any one or more of Not Subordinated, Specified 
Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed, Not Domestic 
Issuance (each as defined in the definition of “Reference Entity Obligation”), Assignable Loan, Consent 
Required Loan, Direct Loan Participation, Transferable, Maximum Maturity, Accelerated or Matured and 
Not Bearer. 
“Deliverable Obligation Provisions” means the provisions of the Credit Linked Notes that specify 
criteria for establishing what obligations may constitute Deliverable Obligations. 
“Direct Loan Participation” means a Loan in respect of which, pursuant to a participation agreement, 
Issuer is capable of creating, or procuring the creation of, a contractual right in favour of each Noteholder 
that provides each Noteholder with recourse to the participation seller for a specified share in any 
payments due under the relevant Loan which are received by such participation seller, any such 
agreement to be entered into between each Noteholder and either (a) the Issuer (to the extent the Issuer 
is then a lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate), or (b) any lender or member of the 
relevant lending syndicate nominated by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent. 
“Domestic Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Pricing Terms and any 
successor currency thereto (or if no such currency is specified, the lawful currency and any successor 
currency of (a) the relevant Reference Entity, if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction 
in which the Reference Entity is organised, if the Reference Entity is not a Sovereign). 
“Domestic Law” means each of the laws of (a) the Reference Entity, if such Reference Entity is a 
Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in which the Reference Entity is organised, if such Reference Entity is 
not a Sovereign. 
“Downstream Affiliate” means an entity whose outstanding Voting Shares were, at the date of issuance 
of the Qualifying Guarantee, more than 50 per cent owned, directly or indirectly, by the Reference Entity.

--- Page 259 ---
CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT 
259
“Due and Payable Amount” means the amount that is due and payable by the Reference Entity under 
the obligation whether by reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise (excluding sums in 
respect of default interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups and other similar amounts) less all or any portion of 
such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the obligation (a) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (b) 
may otherwise be reduced as a result of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an 
event or circumstance (other than by way of (i) payment or (ii) a Permitted Contingency), in each case, 
determined in accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect on either (A) the as of the date on 
which it is due to be delivered into an Auction or (B) the relevant Valuation Obligation Valuation Date, as 
applicable. 
“Early Redemption Date” means, where the Credit Linked Notes are redeemed early pursuant to the 
Additional Redemption Event specified in Additional CLN Condition 2 (Redemption of Credit Linked 
Notes), notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Master Conditions, the later of (i) the tenth 
Reference Business Day following the relevant Credit Event Loss Valuation Date that relates to such 
redemption and (ii) the fifth Reference Business Day following the date on which the relevant portion of 
Collateral of that Series has been Liquidated in full. 
“Eligible Information” means information which is publicly available or which can be made public 
without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of 
such information. 
“Eligible Transferee” means 
(a) 
any: 
(i) 
bank or other financial institution; 
(ii) 
insurance or reinsurance company; 
(iii) 
mutual fund, unit trust or similar collective investment vehicle (other than an entity specified 
in sub-paragraph (c)(i) of this definition); and 
(iv) 
registered or licensed broker or dealer (other than a natural person or proprietorship), 
provided, however, in each case that such entity has total assets of at least USD 500,000,000; 
(b) 
an Affiliate of an entity specified in the sub-paragraph (a) of this definition; 
(c) 
each of a corporation, partnership, proprietorship, organisation, trust or other entity: 
(i) 
that is an investment vehicle (including, without limitation, any hedge fund, issuer of 
collateralised debt obligation, commercial paper conduit or other special purpose vehicle) 
that (A) has total assets of at least USD 100,000,000 or (B) is one of a group of investment 
vehicles under common control or management having, in the aggregate, total assets of at 
least USD 100,000,000; 
(ii) 
that has total assets of at least USD 500,000,000; or 
(iii) 
the obligations of which under an agreement, contract or transaction are guaranteed or 
otherwise supported by a letter of credit or keepwell, support or other agreement by an 
entity described in sub-paragraph (a), (b), (c)(ii) or (d) of this definition; and 
(d) 
 
(i) 
any Sovereign; or 
(ii) 
any entity or organisation established by treaty or other arrangement between two or more 
Sovereigns including, without limiting the foregoing, the International Monetary Fund,

--- Page 260 ---
CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT 
260
European Central Bank, International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and 
European Bank for Reconstruction and Development. 
All references in this definition of “Eligible Transferee” to USD include equivalent amounts in other 
currencies as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Euroclear” means Euroclear Bank SA/NV. 
“Event Determination Date” means, with respect to a Credit Event: 
(a) 
subject to sub-paragraph (b) of this definition, the Notice Delivery Date, if the Notice Delivery Date 
occurs during either the Notice Delivery Period or the Post Dismissal Additional Period, provided 
that neither (A) a DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred nor (B) a DC No Credit Event 
Announcement has occurred, in each case, with respect to the Credit Event specified in the Credit 
Event Notice; or 
(b) 
notwithstanding sub-paragraph (a) of this definition, the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, if a 
DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred, the Credit Event Resolution Request Date has 
occurred on or prior to the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date) 
and either: 
(i) 
the Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; and (II) the Trade Date occurs on or prior 
to a DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date; or 
(ii) 
the Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring; and (II) a Credit Event Notice is delivered by 
the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer that is effective on or prior to the Exercise Cut-Off 
Date, 
provided that: 
(1) 
no Early Redemption Date in respect of the relevant Reference Entity has occurred on or 
prior to the date on which the Applicable DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement occurs; 
(2) 
if any Valuation Obligation Valuation Date or date on which a Deliverable Obligation is due 
to be delivered into an Auction, as applicable, in respect of the relevant Reference Entity 
has occurred on or prior to the date on which the Applicable DC Credit Event Meeting 
Announcement occurs, an Event Determination Date shall be deemed to have occurred 
only with respect to the portion of the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Reference 
Entity to which the Event Determination Date relates, if any, with respect to which no 
Valuation Obligation Valuation Date or date on which a Deliverable Obligation is due to be 
delivered into an Auction, as applicable, has occurred; and 
(3) 
no Credit Event Notice specifying an M(M)R Restructuring as the only Credit Event has 
previously been delivered by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer, (aa) unless the M(M)R 
Restructuring specified in such Credit Event Notice is also the subject of the Applicable DC 
Credit Event Question resulting in the occurrence of the Credit Event Resolution Request 
Date, (bb) unless, and to the extent that, the Exercise Amount specified in such Credit 
Event Notice was less than the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Affected 
Reference Entity, or (cc) unless a credit derivatives transaction with the same tenor and 
deliverable obligation provisions as the Credit Linked Notes would be an “Auction Covered 
Transaction” for the purpose of the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms 
and the Deliverable Obligations set out on the Final List are identical to the Permissible 
Deliverable Obligations for such Series. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Event Determination Date will occur with respect to an event, and any 
Event Determination Date previously determined with respect to an event shall be deemed not to have

--- Page 261 ---
CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT 
261
occurred, if, or to the extent that, prior to the Auction Final Price Determination Date, a Valuation 
Obligation Valuation Date, or the Scheduled Maturity Date or the Extended Maturity Date, as applicable, 
a DC No Credit Event Announcement occurs with respect to such event. 
“Excluded Deliverable Obligation” means: 
(a) 
any obligation of the Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the relevant 
Pricing Terms; 
(b) 
any principal only component of a Bond from which some or all of the interest components have 
been stripped; and 
(c) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any obligation issued or incurred on or after the date of 
the relevant Asset Package Credit Event. 
“Excluded Obligation” means: 
(a) 
any obligation of a Reference Entity specified as such or of a type specified in the relevant Pricing 
Terms; 
(b) 
if “Financial Reference Entity Terms” is specified as applicable in the relevant Pricing Terms and 
the relevant Reference Entity is a Senior Reference Entity, then for the purposes of determining 
whether a Governmental Intervention or Restructuring has occurred, any Subordinated Obligation; 
and 
(c) 
if “Financial Reference Entity Terms” is specified as applicable in the relevant Pricing Terms and 
the relevant Reference Entity is a Subordinated Reference Entity, then for the purposes of 
determining whether a Governmental Intervention or Restructuring has occurred, any Further 
Subordinated Obligation. 
“Exercise Amount” has the meaning given to that term in Additional CLN Condition 5(a) (M(M)R 
Restructuring Credit Event). 
“Exercise Cut-Off Date” means either: 
(a) 
with respect to an M(M)R Restructuring: 
(i) 
if the DC Secretary publishes a Final List applicable to the Applicable Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms and/or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, the date that is seven 
Relevant City Business Days following the date on which such Final List is published; or 
(ii) 
otherwise, the date that is 14 calendar days plus two Reference Business Days following 
the relevant No Auction Announcement Date, 
(b) 
or, in each case, such other date as the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
Resolves. 
“Extended Maturity Date” means, if Maturity Date Extension applies pursuant to Additional CLN 
Condition 4 (Maturity Date Extension) and no relevant Event Determination Date occurs on or prior to the 
Notes Extension Date, the date falling five Reference Business Days after the Notes Extension Date or, if 
Maturity Date Extension applies pursuant to Additional CLN Condition 4 (Maturity Date Extension) and a 
relevant Event Determination Date occurs on or prior to the Notes Extension Date, the Early Redemption 
Date. 
“Extension Date” means, with respect to a Reference Entity, the latest of (a) the scheduled termination 
date of the CDS, (b) the Grace Period Extension Date if (i) “Failure to Pay” and “Grace Period Extension” 
are specified as being applicable in the relevant Pricing Terms, and (ii) the Potential Failure to Pay with 
respect to the relevant Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the scheduled termination date of the CDS

--- Page 262 ---
CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT 
262
and (c) the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date (if any) if “Repudiation/Moratorium” is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Pricing Terms, as applicable. 
“Failure to Pay” means, after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the satisfaction of any 
conditions precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), the failure by the Reference Entity to 
make, when and where due, any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment 
Requirement under one or more Reference Entity Obligations, in accordance with the terms of such 
Reference Entity Obligations at the time of such failure. If “Credit Deterioration Requirement” is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Pricing Terms, then, notwithstanding the foregoing, it shall not constitute a 
Failure to Pay if such failure does not directly or indirectly either result from, or result in, a deterioration in 
the creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference Entity. Notwithstanding that the terms and 
conditions of the Credit Linked Notes do not incorporate by reference the definitions and provisions of the 
2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, any determination relating to this requirement will, unless a DC 
Credit Event Announcement or DC No Credit Event Announcement has occurred with respect to the 
Failure to Pay Credit Event specified in the relevant Credit Event Notice, be determined having regard to 
the principles set out in the interpretive guidance note (Exhibit F to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions) in the 2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions published by ISDA on 15 July 2019. 
If an occurrence that would constitute a Failure to Pay (a) is a result of a redenomination that occurs as a 
result of action taken by a Governmental Authority which is of general application in the jurisdiction of 
such Governmental Authority and (b) a freely available market rate of conversion existed at the time of 
the redenomination, then such occurrence will be deemed not to constitute a Failure to Pay unless the 
redenomination itself constituted a reduction in the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium 
payable (as determined by reference to such freely available market rate of conversion) at the time of 
such redenomination. 
“Final List” means the final list of Deliverable Obligations, Package Observable Bonds, Prior Deliverable 
Obligations (as applicable) and/or Assets which are the subject of the related Auction determined by the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee in accordance with the DC Rules. 
“Final Price” means, if “Cash Settlement” applies, the value of the Valuation Obligation(s), expressed as 
a percentage, determined in accordance with the highest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent (or 
otherwise determined in accordance with the definition of “Quotation”). Where there is more than one 
Valuation Obligation, the “Final Price” shall be the weighted average of the highest Quotations obtained 
by the Calculation Agent (or otherwise determined in accordance with the definition of “Quotation”) for 
each Valuation Obligation. For the purposes of identifying the Valuation Obligation(s), references to “the 
date on which a Deliverable Obligation is due to be delivered into an Auction” in the definition of 
“Deliverable Obligation” shall be deemed to be a reference to a “Valuation Obligation Valuation Date”, 
provided that if an Asset Package Credit Event has occurred any Deliverable Obligation which is a Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond (as applicable) shall include the resulting Asset 
Package and the Final Price for such Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond shall be the 
Final Price for the relevant Asset Package determined in accordance with Additional CLN Condition 7(d). 
For the avoidance of doubt, if there are no Valuation Obligations as determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the relevant Valuation Obligation Valuation Date, the Final Price shall be 100 per cent. 
“First Ranking”, in respect of a Reference Obligation of an LPN Reference Entity, has the meaning 
given in the definition of “First Ranking Interest”. 
“First Ranking Interest” means, in respect of a Reference Obligation of an LPN Reference Entity, a 
charge, security interest (or other type of interest having similar effect) (an “Interest”), which is 
expressed as being “first ranking”, “first priority”, or similar (“First Ranking”) in the document creating

--- Page 263 ---
CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT 
263
such Interest (notwithstanding that such Interest may not be First Ranking under any insolvency laws of 
any relevant insolvency jurisdiction of the relevant LPN Issuer). 
“Fixed Cap” means, with respect to a Guarantee, a specified numerical limit or cap on the liability of the 
Reference Entity in respect of some or all payments due under the Underlying Obligation, provided that a 
Fixed Cap shall exclude a limit or cap determined by reference to a formula with one or more variable 
inputs (and for these purposes, the outstanding principal or other amounts payable pursuant to the 
Underlying Obligation shall not be considered to be variable inputs). 
“Fixed Recovery Notes” means a Series for which “Fixed Recovery Settlement” is specified in the 
relevant Pricing Terms, in respect of which the Early Redemption Amount per Credit Linked Note is the 
Fixed Recovery Percentage of the Applicable Proportion of the outstanding principal amount of such 
Credit Linked Note. 
“Fixed Recovery Percentage” means, in respect of a Fixed Recovery Note, the percentage specified as 
such in the relevant Pricing Terms. 
“Full Quotation” means each firm bid quotation obtained from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time, 
to the extent reasonably practicable, for an amount of the relevant Valuation Obligation with an 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, equal to the Quotation 
Amount (or if a Full Quotation is being obtained in respect of the Asset Package resulting from any Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, the Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant 
Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit 
Event). 
“Fully Transferable Obligation” means a Deliverable Obligation that is either Transferable, in the case 
of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Eligible Transferees without the consent of any 
person being required, in the case of any Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds, in each case, as of 
the Delivery Date. Any requirement that notification of novation, assignment or transfer of a Deliverable 
Obligation be provided to a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent, for 
a Deliverable Obligation shall not be considered to be a requirement for consent for the purposes of this 
definition of “Fully Transferable Obligation”. 
“Further Subordinated Obligation” means, if the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, 
as applicable, is a Subordinated Obligation, any obligation which is Subordinated thereto. 
“Governmental Authority” means: 
(a) 
any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, ministry or department 
thereof); 
(b) 
any court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority, inter-governmental or 
supranational body; or 
(c) 
any authority or any other entity (private or public) either designated as a resolution authority or 
charged with the regulation or supervision of the financial markets (including a central bank) of the 
Reference Entity or some or all of its obligations; or 
(d) 
any other authority which is analogous to the entities specified in sub-paragraph (a), (b) or (c) of 
this definition. 
“Governmental Intervention” means that, with respect to one or more Reference Entity Obligations and 
in relation to an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the 
following events occurs as a result of action taken or an announcement made by a Governmental 
Authority pursuant to, or by means of, a restructuring and resolution law or regulation (or any other 
similar law or regulation), in each case, applicable to the Reference Entity in a form which is binding,

--- Page 264 ---
CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT 
264
irrespective of whether such event is expressly provided for under the terms of such Reference Entity 
Obligation: 
(a) 
any event which would affect creditors’ rights so as to cause: 
(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest 
accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including by way 
of redenomination); 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (A) the payment or accrual of 
interest, or (B) the payment of principal or premium; or 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Reference Entity Obligation, causing 
the Subordination of such Reference Entity Obligation to any other Reference Entity 
Obligation; 
(b) 
an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial holder of the 
Reference Entity Obligation; 
(c) 
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; or 
(d) 
any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in sub-paragraphs (a)(i) to 
(iii) of this definition. 
For the purposes of sub-paragraph (a) of this definition, the term Reference Entity Obligation shall be 
deemed to include Underlying Obligations for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider of a 
Guarantee. 
“Grace Period” means: 
(a) 
subject to sub-paragraphs (b) and (c) of this definition, the applicable grace period with respect to 
payments under and in accordance with the terms of such Reference Entity Obligation in effect as 
of the date as of which such Reference Entity Obligation is issued or incurred; 
(b) 
if “Grace Period Extension” is specified as applicable in the relevant Pricing Terms, a Potential 
Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date and the applicable grace 
period cannot, by its terms, expire on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Grace Period 
shall be deemed to be the lesser of such grace period and the period specified as such in the 
relevant Pricing Terms or, if no period is specified, 30 calendar days; and 
(c) 
if, as of the date as of which a Reference Entity Obligation is issued or incurred, no grace period 
with respect to payments or a grace period with respect to payments of less than three Grace 
Period Business Days is applicable under the terms of such Reference Entity Obligation, a Grace 
Period of three Grace Period Business Days shall be deemed to apply to such Reference Entity 
Obligation; provided that, unless “Grace Period Extension” is specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Pricing Terms, such deemed Grace Period shall expire no later than the Scheduled 
Maturity Date. 
“Grace Period Business Day” means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
are generally open to settle payments in the place or places and on the days specified for that purpose in 
the relevant Reference Entity Obligation or, if a place or places are not so specified, (a) if the Obligation 
Currency is the euro, a TARGET Settlement Day, or (b) otherwise, a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the principal financial city in the 
jurisdiction of the Obligation Currency.

--- Page 265 ---
CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT 
265
“Grace Period Extension Date” means, if (a) “Grace Period Extension” is specified as being applicable 
in the relevant Pricing Terms and (b) a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date, as the case may be, the date that is five Reference Business Days following the day 
falling after the number of days in the Grace Period after the date of such Potential Failure to Pay. If 
“Grace Period Extension” is not specified as being applicable in the relevant Pricing Terms, Grace Period 
Extension shall not apply. 
“Guarantee” means a Relevant Guarantee or a guarantee which is the Reference Obligation. 
“Interest”, in respect of a Reference Obligation of an LPN Reference Entity, has the meaning given in 
the definition of “First Ranking Interest”. 
“ISDA” means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association Inc. 
“Joint Potential Successor” has the meaning given to in Additional CLN Condition 10(d) (Joint Potential 
Successors). 
“Joint Relevant Obligation” has the meaning given to in Additional CLN Condition 10(d) (Joint Potential 
Successors). 
“Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan” has the meaning given to that term in the definition of 
“Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date”. 
“Limitation Date” means the first of 20 March, 20 June, 20 September or 20 December in any year to 
occur on or immediately following the date that is one of the following numbers of years after the 
Restructuring Date: 2.5 years (the “2.5-year Limitation Date”), 5 years, 7.5 years, 10 years (the “10-
year Limitation Date”), 12.5 years, 15 years or 20 years, as applicable. Limitation Dates shall not be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day Convention. 
“Linear Basket CLNs” means Credit Linked Notes which are specified as such in the relevant Pricing 
Terms, in respect of which the Issuer purchases credit protection from Noteholders in respect of two or 
more Reference Entities and pursuant to which, on each occasion on which a Credit Event and a 
relevant Event Determination Date occurs with respect to any of the Reference Entities, the Credit Linked 
Notes will be redeemed in part at an amount determined by reference to the Reference Entity Notional 
Amount relating to such Reference Entity in accordance with the relevant Credit Event Settlement 
Method. 
“Listed” means an obligation that is quoted, listed or ordinarily purchased and sold on an exchange. 
“Loan” means any obligation of a type included in the “Borrowed Money” Obligation Category that is 
documented by a term loan agreement, revolving loan agreement or other similar credit agreement and 
shall not include any other type of Borrowed Money. 
“LPN” means a loan participation note. 
“LPN Issuer” means the issuer of an LPN. 
“LPN Reference Entity” means a Reference Entity in respect of which the applicable “Transaction Type” 
is specified as “Standard Emerging European Corporate LPN” in the relevant Pricing Terms. 
“LPN Reference Obligation” means each Reference Obligation other than any Additional Obligation. 
Any change to the issuer of an LPN Reference Obligation in accordance with its terms shall not prevent 
such LPN Reference Obligation from constituting a Reference Obligation. Each LPN Reference 
Obligation is issued for the sole purpose of providing funds for the Issuer to finance a loan to the 
Reference Entity and each such loan shall be an Underlying Loan. 
“Maturity Date Extension” means an extension determined in accordance with Additional CLN 
Condition 4 (Maturity Date Extension).

--- Page 266 ---
CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT 
266
“Maximum Maturity” means an obligation that has a remaining maturity of not greater than the period 
specified in the relevant Pricing Terms (or if no such period is specified, 30 years). 
“M(M)R Restructuring” means a Restructuring Credit Event in respect of which either “Mod R” or “Mod 
Mod R” is specified as applicable in the relevant Pricing Terms. 
“Modified Eligible Transferee” means any bank, financial institution or other entity which is regularly 
engaged in or established for the purpose of making, purchasing or investing in loans, notes and other 
financial assets. 
“Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date” means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation, the 
Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
Subject to the foregoing, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is later than the 10-year Limitation Date, the 
Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
“Movement Option” means, with respect to an M(M)R Restructuring to which a No Auction 
Announcement Date has occurred pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) or (c)(ii) of the definition of “No Auction 
Announcement Date”, the option of the Swap Counterparty to apply the Parallel Auction Settlement 
Terms, if any, so that the Credit Linked Notes may be redeemed by way of “Auction Settlement”. 
“Movement Option Cut-off Date” means the date that is one Relevant City Business Day following the 
Exercise Cut-off Date, or such other date as the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
has Resolved. 
“Multiple Holder Obligation” means a Reference Entity Obligation that (a) at the time of the event which 
constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event is held by more than three holders that are not Affiliates of each 
other and (b) with respect to which a percentage of holders (determined pursuant to the terms of the 
Reference Entity Obligation as in effect on the date of such event) at least equal to sixty-six-and two-
thirds is required to consent to the event which constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event (provided that 
sub-paragraph (b) shall be deemed to be satisfied where the Reference Entity Obligation is a Bond). 
“No Auction Announcement Date” means, with respect to a Credit Event, the date as determined by 
the Calculation Agent on which the DC Secretary first publicly announces that (a) no Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms and, if applicable, no Parallel Auction Settlement Terms will be published, (b) following 
the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms will be published, 
but Parallel Auction Settlement Terms will be published or (c) the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved that no Auction will be held following a prior public 
announcement by the DC Secretary to the contrary, in circumstances where either (i) no Parallel Auction 
will be held, or (ii) one or more Parallel Auctions will be held. For the avoidance of doubt, a No Auction 
Announcement Date will not occur solely by reason of the Credit Linked Notes not being covered by any 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
“Non-Affected Reference Entity” means each Reference Entity in respect of which an Event 
Determination Date has not occurred. 
“Non-Conforming Reference Obligation” means a Reference Obligation which is not a Conforming 
Reference Obligation. 
“Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation” means an obligation which would be a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of “Deliverable 
Obligation” on the Substitution Date but for one or more of the same reasons which resulted in the 
Reference Obligation constituting a Non-Conforming Reference Obligation on the date it was issued or 
incurred and/or immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date (as applicable).

--- Page 267 ---
CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT 
267
“Non-Financial Instrument” means any Asset which is not of the type typically traded in, or suitable for 
being traded in, financial markets.  
“Non-Standard Reference Obligation” means each Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation or if a 
Substitute Reference Obligation has been determined in respect of any such Original Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation, the Substitute Reference Obligation. 
“Non-Transferable Instrument” means any Asset which is not capable of being transferred to 
institutional investors, excluding due to market conditions. 
“Not Bearer” means any obligation that is not a bearer instrument unless interests with respect to such 
bearer instrument are cleared via the Euroclear system, Clearstream International or any other 
internationally recognised clearing system. 
“Not Domestic Currency” means any obligation that is payable in any currency other than the 
applicable Domestic Currency, provided that a Standard Specified Currency shall not constitute a 
Domestic Currency. 
“Not Domestic Issuance” means any obligation other than an obligation that was issued (or reissued, as 
the case may be) or intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic market of the relevant 
Reference Entity. Any obligation that is registered or, as a result of some other action having been taken 
for such purpose, is qualified for sale outside the domestic market of the relevant Reference Entity 
(regardless of whether such obligation is also registered or qualified for sale within the domestic market 
of the Reference Entity) shall be deemed not to be issued (or reissued as the case may be) or intended 
to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic market of the Reference Entity. 
“Not Domestic Law” means any obligation that is not governed by the applicable Domestic Law, 
provided that the laws of England and the laws of the State of New York shall not constitute Domestic 
Law. 
“Not Sovereign Lender” means any obligation that is not primarily owed to (a) a Sovereign or (b) any 
entity or organisation established by treaty or other arrangement between two or more Sovereigns 
including, without limiting the foregoing, the International Monetary Fund, European Central Bank, 
International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and European Bank for Reconstruction and 
Development, which shall include, without limitation, obligations generally referred to as “Paris Club 
debt”. 
“Not Subordinated” means an obligation that is not Subordinated to (a) the Reference Obligation or (b) 
the “Prior Reference Obligation” if applicable. 
“Notes Extension Date” means the latest to occur of (a) the last applicable day specified in the definition 
of “Notice Delivery Period” in respect of each Reference Entity with respect to which Maturity Date 
Extension applies pursuant to Additional CLN Condition 4 (Maturity Date Extension) and (b) in each 
case, as applicable: (i) 14 calendar days plus two Reference Business Days after the DC Credit Event 
Announcement; (ii) the last day of the Post Dismissal Additional Period; and (iii) the date of the DC No 
Credit Event Announcement.  
“Notice Delivery Date” means the first date on which both an effective Credit Event Notice and, unless 
“Notice of Publicly Available Information” is specified as not applicable in the relevant Pricing Terms, an 
effective Notice of Publicly Available Information, have been delivered by the Swap Counterparty to the 
Issuer. 
“Notice Delivery Period” means the period from and including the Trade Date to and including the date 
that is 14 calendar days plus two Reference Business Days after the Extension Date.

--- Page 268 ---
CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT 
268
“Notice of Publicly Available Information” means an irrevocable notice from the Swap Counterparty to 
the Issuer that cites Publicly Available Information confirming the occurrence of the Credit Event or 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as applicable, described in the Credit Event Notice or 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice. The notice given must contain a copy, or a description in 
reasonable detail, of the relevant Publicly Available Information. If “Notice of Publicly Available 
Information” is specified as being applicable in the relevant Pricing Terms and the Credit Event Notice or 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice contains Publicly Available Information, such Credit Event 
Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice will also be deemed to be a Notice of Publicly 
Available Information. 
“Obligation Acceleration” means one or more Reference Entity Obligations in an aggregate amount of 
not less than the Default Requirement have become due and payable before they would otherwise have 
been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default or 
other similar condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make any required payment, 
in respect of the Reference Entity under one or more Reference Entity Obligations. 
“Obligation Category” means Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference Obligation Only, Bond, Loan, or 
Bond or Loan, only one of which shall be specified in the relevant Pricing Terms. 
“Obligation Characteristics” means any one or more of Not Subordinated, Specified Currency, Not 
Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed and Not Domestic Issuance. 
“Obligation Currency” means the currency or currencies in which a Reference Entity Obligation is 
denominated. 
“Obligation Default” means one or more Reference Entity Obligations in an aggregate amount of not 
less than the Default Requirement have become capable of being declared due and payable before they 
would otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a 
default, event of default or other similar condition or event (however described), other than a failure to 
make any required payment, in respect of the Reference Entity under one or more Reference Entity 
Obligations. 
“Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation” means each obligation of the Reference Entity (either 
directly or as provider of a guarantee) which is specified as a Reference Obligation in the relevant Pricing 
Terms (if any is so specified). 
The “Outstanding Principal Balance” of an obligation will be calculated as follows: 
(a) 
first, by determining, in respect of the obligation, the amount of the Reference Entity’s principal 
payment obligations and, where applicable in accordance with the definition of “Accrued Interest”, 
the Reference Entity’s accrued but unpaid interest payment obligations (which, in the case of a 
Guarantee will be the lower of (i) the Outstanding Principal Balance (including accrued but unpaid 
interest, where applicable) of the Underlying Obligation (determined as if references to the 
Reference Entity were references to the Underlying Obligor) and (ii) the amount of the Fixed Cap, 
if any); 
(b) 
second, by subtracting all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the 
obligation, (i) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (ii) may otherwise be reduced as a result of 
the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than 
by way of (A) payment or (B) a Permitted Contingency) (the amount determined in sub-paragraph 
(a) of this definition less any amounts subtracted in accordance with this sub-paragraph (b), the 
“Non-Contingent Amount”); and 
(c) 
third, by determining the Quantum of the Claim, which shall then constitute the Outstanding 
Principal Balance, in each case, determined: (i) unless otherwise specified, in accordance with the

--- Page 269 ---
CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT 
269
terms of the obligation in effect on the date on which an obligation is due to be delivered into an 
Auction, or (B) the relevant Valuation Obligation Valuation Date, as applicable; and (ii) with 
respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in accordance with any applicable laws (insofar as such 
laws reduce or discount the size of the claim to reflect the original issue price or accrued value of 
the obligation), 
in each case, determined: 
(A)  
unless otherwise specified, in accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect on the date on 
which an obligation is due to be delivered into an Auction or the relevant Valuation Obligation 
Valuation Date, as applicable; and 
(B) 
with respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in accordance with any applicable laws (insofar as 
such laws reduce or discount the size of the claim to reflect the original issue price or accrued 
value of the obligation). 
For the purposes of subparagraph (B) above, “applicable laws” shall include any bankruptcy or 
insolvency law or other law affecting creditors’ rights to which the relevant obligation is, or may become, 
subject. 
If “Outstanding Principal Balance Fallback Discounting” is specified as “Applicable” in the relevant Pricing 
Terms, then notwithstanding the above, if (i) the Outstanding Principal Balance of an obligation is not 
reduced or discounted under subparagraph (B) above, (ii) that obligation is either a Bond that has an 
issue price less than ninety-five per cent of the principal redemption amount or a Loan where the amount 
advanced is less than ninety-five per cent of the principal repayment amount, and (iii) such Bond or Loan 
does not include provisions relating to the accretion over time of the amount which would be payable on 
an early redemption or repayment of such Bond or Loan that are customary for the applicable type of 
Bond or Loan as the case may be, then the Outstanding Principal Balance of such Bond or Loan shall be 
the lesser of (a) the Non-Contingent Amount; and (b) an amount determined by straight line interpolation 
between the issue price of the Bond or the amount advanced under the Loan and the principal 
redemption amount or principal repayment amount, as applicable. 
For the purposes of determining whether the issue price of a Bond or the amount advanced under a 
Loan is less than ninety-five per cent of the principal redemption amount or principal repayment amount 
(as applicable) or, where applicable, for applying straight line interpolation: 
(x)  
where such Bond or Loan was issued as a result of an exchange offer, the issue price or amount 
advanced of the new Bond or Loan resulting from the exchange shall be deemed to be equal to 
the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the original obligation(s) that were tendered or 
exchanged (the “Original Obligation(s)”) at the time of such exchange (determined without 
regard to market or trading value of the Original Obligation(s)); and 
(y) 
in the case of a Bond or Loan that is fungible with a prior debt obligation previously issued by the 
Reference Entity, such Bond or Loan shall be treated as having the same issue price or amount 
advanced as the prior debt obligation. 
In circumstances where a holder would have received more than one obligation in exchange for the 
Original Obligation(s), the Calculation Agent will determine the allocation of the aggregate Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Original Obligation(s) amongst each of the resulting obligations for the purpose 
of determining the issue price or amount advanced of the relevant Bond or Loan. Such allocation will 
take into account the interest rate, maturity, level of subordination and other terms of the obligations that 
resulted from the exchange and shall be made by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
methodology (if any) determined by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee.

--- Page 270 ---
CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT 
270
For purposes of this definition, “Quantum of the Claim” means the lowest amount of the claim which 
could be validly asserted against the Reference Entity in respect of the Non-Contingent Amount if the 
obligation had become redeemable, been accelerated, terminated or had otherwise become due and 
payable at the time of the relevant determination, provided that the Quantum of the Claim cannot exceed 
the Non-Contingent Amount. 
“Package Observable Bond” means, in respect of a Reference Entity which is a Sovereign, any 
obligation which (a) is identified as such and published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org from time 
to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party designated by ISDA on its website from 
time to time and (b) fell within the definition of Deliverable Obligation set out in sub-paragraph (a) or (b) 
of the definition of “Deliverable Obligation”, in each case, immediately preceding the date on which the 
relevant Asset Package Credit Event was legally effective. 
“Parallel Auction” means the “Auction” which is the subject of the relevant Parallel Auction Settlement 
Terms. 
“Parallel Auction Cancellation Date” means the “Auction Cancellation Date” in respect of the relevant 
Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
“Parallel Auction Settlement Terms” means, following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring, any 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms published by ISDA with respect to such an M(M)R 
Restructuring if the Calculation Agent determines that the relevant Deliverable Obligation Terms are 
substantially the same as the Deliverable Obligation Provisions applicable to the relevant Credit Linked 
Notes and for which a credit derivatives transaction with the same tenor as the relevant Series of the 
Credit Linked Notes would not be an “Auction Covered Transaction” for the purpose of the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
“Payment” means any obligation (whether present or future, contingent or otherwise) for the payment or 
repayment of money, including, without limitation, Borrowed Money. 
“Payment Requirement” means the amount specified as such in the relevant Pricing Terms or its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency (or, if no such amount is specified, USD 1,000,000 or its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency) in either case as of the occurrence of the relevant Failure 
to Pay or Potential Failure to Pay, as appropriate. 
“Permissible Deliverable Obligation” has the meaning set out in the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms, being either all or the portion of the Deliverable Obligations included on the Final List 
pursuant to the Deliverable Obligation Terms that are applicable to that Auction. 
“Permitted Contingency” means, with respect to an obligation, any reduction to the Reference Entity’s 
payment obligations: 
(a) 
as a result of the application of: 
(i) 
any provisions allowing a transfer, pursuant to which another party may assume all of the 
payment obligations of the Reference Entity; 
(ii) 
provisions implementing the Subordination of the obligation; 
(iii) 
provisions allowing for a Permitted Transfer in the case of a Qualifying Guarantee (or 
provisions allowing for the release of the Reference Entity from its payment obligations in 
the case of any other Guarantee); or 
(iv) 
provisions which permit the Reference Entity’s obligations to be altered, discharged, 
released or suspended in circumstances which would constitute a Governmental 
Intervention, if “Financial Reference Entity Terms” is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Pricing Terms; or

--- Page 271 ---
CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT 
271
(b) 
which is within the control of the holders of the obligation or a third party acting on their behalf 
(such as an agent or trustee) in exercising their rights under or in respect of such obligation. 
“Permitted Transfer” means, with respect to a Qualifying Guarantee, a transfer to and the assumption 
by any single transferee of such Qualifying Guarantee (including by way of cancellation and execution of 
a new guarantee) on the same or substantially the same terms, in circumstances where there is also a 
transfer of all (or substantially all) of the assets of the Reference Entity to the same single transferee. 
“Physical Settlement Matrix” means the “Credit Derivatives Physical Settlement Matrix” as most 
recently amended or supplemented as at the Trade Date (unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Pricing Terms) and as published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org (or any successor website). The 
Physical Settlement Matrix may be applicable to any Series where “Physical Settlement Matrix Standard 
Terms” are specified as applicable in the relevant Pricing Terms and one or more Transaction Type(s) 
are specified as applying to the Reference Entity(ies) of such Series. 
“Post Dismissal Additional Period” means the period from and including the date of the Applicable DC 
Credit Event Question Dismissal to and including the date that is 14 calendar days plus two Reference 
Business Days thereafter (provided that the relevant Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurred on 
or prior to the end of the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date)). 
“Potential Failure to Pay” means the failure by the Reference Entity to make, when and where due, any 
payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more 
Reference Entity Obligations in accordance with the terms of such obligations at the time of such failure, 
without regard to any grace period or any conditions precedent to the commencement of any grace 
period applicable to such Reference Entity Obligations. 
“Potential Repudiation/Moratorium” means the occurrence of an event described in sub-paragraph (a) 
of the definition of “Repudiation/Moratorium”. 
“Prior Deliverable Obligation” means: 
(a) 
if a Governmental Intervention has occurred (whether or not such event is specified as the 
applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the Applicable DC Credit Event 
Announcement), any obligation of the Reference Entity which (i) existed immediately prior to such 
Governmental Intervention, (ii) was the subject of such Governmental Intervention and (iii) fell 
within the definition of Deliverable Obligation set out in sub-paragraph (a) or (b) of the definition of 
“Deliverable Obligation”, in each case, immediately preceding the date on which such 
Governmental Intervention was legally effective; or 
(b) 
if a Restructuring which does not constitute a Governmental Intervention has occurred in respect 
of the Reference Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity (whether or not such event is 
specified as the applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the Applicable DC Credit 
Event Announcement), such Reference Obligation, if any. 
“Prior Reference Obligation” means, in circumstances where there is no Reference Obligation 
applicable to a Series, (a) the Reference Obligation most recently applicable thereto, if any, and 
otherwise, (b) the obligation specified in the relevant Pricing Terms as the Reference Obligation, if any, if 
such Reference Obligation was redeemed on or prior to the Trade Date and otherwise, (c) any 
unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity. 
“Private-side Loan” means a Loan in respect of which the documentation governing its terms is not 
publicly available or capable of being made public without violating a law, agreement, understanding or 
other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information.

--- Page 272 ---
CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT 
272
“Prohibited Action” means any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence based on 
the factors set forth in sub-paragraphs (a) to (d) in the definition of “Credit Event” or right of set-off by or 
of the Reference Entity or any applicable Underlying Obligor. 
“Public Source” means each source of Publicly Available Information specified as such in the relevant 
Pricing Terms (or, if no such source is specified, each of Bloomberg, Reuters, Dow Jones Newswires, 
The Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Asahi Shimbun, Yomiuri Shimbun, 
Financial Times, La Tribune, Les Echos, The Australian Financial Review and Debtwire (and successor 
publications), the main source(s) of business news in the country in which the Reference Entity is 
organised and any other internationally recognised published or electronically displayed news sources). 
“Publicly Available Information” means information that reasonably confirms any of the facts relevant 
to the determination that the Credit Event or Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as applicable, described 
in a Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice have occurred and which (a) has 
been published in or on not less than the Specified Number of Public Sources, regardless of whether the 
reader or user thereof pays a fee to obtain such information; (b) is information received from or published 
by (i) the Reference Entity (or if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, any agency, instrumentality, 
ministry, department or other authority thereof acting in a governmental capacity (including, without 
limiting the foregoing, the central bank) of such Sovereign) or (ii) a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative 
agent, clearing agent, paying agent, facility agent or agent bank for a Reference Entity Obligation, or (c) 
is information contained in any order, decree, notice, petition or filing, however described, of or filed with 
a court, tribunal, exchange, regulatory authority or similar administrative, regulatory or judicial body; 
provided that where any information of the type described in sub-paragraphs (a) to (c) of this definition is 
not publicly available, it can only constitute Publicly Available Information if it can be made public without 
violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such 
information. 
In relation to any information of the type described in sub-paragraphs (b) and (c) above in the first 
paragraph of this definition of “Publicly Available Information”, the party receiving such information may 
assume that such information has been disclosed to it without violating any law, agreement, 
understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information and that the party 
delivering such information has not taken any action or entered into any agreement or understanding 
with the Reference Entity or any Affiliate of the Reference Entity that would be breached by, or would 
prevent, the disclosure of such information to the party receiving such information. 
Without limitation, Publicly Available Information need not state (a) in relation to the definition of 
“Downstream Affiliate”, the percentage of Voting Shares owned by the Reference Entity and (b) that the 
relevant occurrence (i) has met the Payment Requirement or Default Requirement, (ii) is the result of 
exceeding any applicable Grace Period or (iii) has met the subjective criteria specified in certain Credit 
Events. 
In relation to a Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event, Publicly Available Information must relate to the 
events described in sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) of the definition of “Repudiation/Moratorium”. 
For the avoidance of doubt, following a DC Credit Event Announcement, a link to the website of the 
relevant DC Resolution shall constitute Publicly Available Information. 
“Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee” means a Qualifying Guarantee provided by the Reference Entity in 
respect of an Underlying Obligation of a Downstream Affiliate of the Reference Entity. 
“Qualifying Guarantee” means a guarantee evidenced by a written instrument (which may include a 
statute or regulation), pursuant to which the Reference Entity irrevocably agrees, undertakes or is 
otherwise obliged to pay all amounts of principal and interest (except for amounts which are not covered 
due to the existence of a Fixed Cap) due under an Underlying Obligation for which the Underlying

--- Page 273 ---
CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT 
273
Obligor is the obligor, by guarantee of payment and not by guarantee of collection (or, in either case, any 
legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form under the relevant governing law). 
A Qualifying Guarantee shall not include any guarantee: 
(a) 
which is structured as a surety bond, financial guarantee insurance policy or letter of credit (or any 
legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form); or 
(b) 
pursuant to the terms applicable thereto, the principal payment obligations of the Reference Entity 
can be discharged, released, reduced, assigned or otherwise altered as a result of the occurrence 
or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance, in each case, other than: (i) by payment; (ii) by 
way of Permitted Transfer; (iii) by operation of law; (iv) due to the existence of a Fixed Cap; or (v) 
due to: (A) provisions permitting or anticipating a Governmental Intervention, if “Financial 
Reference Entity Terms” is specified as applicable in the relevant Pricing Terms. 
If the guarantee or Underlying Obligation contains provisions relating to the discharge, release, 
reduction, assignment or other alteration of the principal payment obligations of the Reference Entity and 
such provisions have ceased to apply or are suspended at the time of the relevant determination, in 
accordance with the terms of such guarantee or Underlying Obligation, due to or following the 
occurrence of (A) a non-payment in respect of the guarantee or the Underlying Obligation, or (B) an 
event of the type described in the definition of “Bankruptcy” in respect of the Reference Entity or the 
Underlying Obligor, then it shall be deemed for these purposes that such cessation or suspension is 
permanent, notwithstanding the terms of the guarantee or Underlying Obligation. 
In order for a guarantee to constitute a Qualifying Guarantee: (I) the benefit of such guarantee must be 
capable of being Delivered together with the Delivery of the Underlying Obligation; and (II) if a guarantee 
contains a Fixed Cap, all claims to any amounts which are subject to such Fixed Cap must be capable of 
being Delivered together with the Delivery of such guarantee. 
For these purposes: 
(i) 
“Deliver” means to deliver, novate, transfer (including, in the case of a Guarantee, transfer of the 
benefit of the Guarantee), assign or sell, as appropriate, in the manner customary for the 
settlement of the applicable obligation (which shall include executing all necessary documentation 
and taking any other necessary actions), in order to convey all right, title (or, with respect to 
obligations where only equitable title is customarily conveyed, all equitable title) and interest in the 
obligations to the Swap Counterparty free and clear of any and all liens, charges, claims or 
encumbrances (excluding any liens routinely imposed on all securities in a relevant clearance 
system, but including, without limitation, any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or 
defence based on the factors set forth in sub-paragraphs (a) to (d) of the definition of “Credit 
Event”) or right of set-off by or of the Reference Entity or any applicable Underlying Obligor); 
provided that (x) if the relevant obligation is a Direct Loan Participation, “Deliver” means to create 
(or procure the creation of) a participation in favour of the Swap Counterparty and (y) if the 
relevant obligation is a Guarantee, “Deliver” means to Deliver both the Underlying Obligation and 
the Guarantee, provided further that if the Guarantee has a Fixed Cap, “Deliver” means to Deliver 
the Underlying Obligation, the Guarantee and all claims to any amounts which are subject to such 
Fixed Cap; and 
(ii) 
“Delivery” and “Delivered” will be construed accordingly. 
“Quotation” means each Full Quotation, Weighted Average Quotation, Combined Weighted Average 
Quotation or fair value determination by the Calculation Agent (as applicable) expressed as a percentage 
of the relevant Valuation Obligation’s Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount 
obtained or determined (as applicable) with respect to a Valuation Obligation Valuation Date in the

--- Page 274 ---
CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT 
274
manner that follows. The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to each 
Valuation Obligation Valuation Date from five or more Quotation Dealers: 
(a) 
if two or more such Full Quotations are obtained, the highest Full Quotation obtained shall apply;  
(b) 
if fewer than two such Full Quotations are obtained, the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain 
Full Quotations from five or more Quotation Dealers on the next Reference Business Day and: 
(i) 
if one or more such Full Quotations are obtained, the highest Full Quotation obtained shall 
apply; or  
(ii) 
if no such Full Quotations are obtained: 
(A) 
if firm bid quotations are obtained from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time, to 
the extent reasonably practicable, for an amount of the Valuation Obligation with an 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, which in 
aggregate are equal to or more than the Quotation Amount, the weighted average of 
the highest firm bid quotations received up to the full Quotation Amount (a 
“Weighted Average Quotation”) shall apply; or 
(B) 
if one or more firm bid quotations are obtained from Quotation Dealers at the 
Valuation Time, to the extent reasonably practicable, for an amount of the Valuation 
Obligation with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as 
applicable, which in aggregate are less than the Quotation Amount, the weighted 
average of (I) all firm bid quotations received and (II) the fair value as determined by 
the Calculation Agent of the portion of the Quotation Amount of the relevant 
Valuation Obligation for which no firm bid quotations from a Quotation Dealer at the 
Valuation Time were obtained, which may be zero, (a “Combined Weighted 
Average Quotation”) shall apply; or 
(C) 
if no firm bid quotations from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time are obtained, 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the fair value of an amount of the relevant 
Valuation Obligation with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable 
Amount, as applicable, equal to the Quotation Amount, which may be zero. 
“Quotation Amount” means, with respect to each Valuation Obligation, the amount selected by the 
Calculation Agent, provided that:  
(a) 
each Quotation Amount shall be for a minimum of USD 1,000,000 or its equivalent in the relevant 
Obligation Currency which shall be converted by the Calculation Agent by reference to exchange 
rates in effect at the time that the relevant Full Quotation is first sought;  
(b) 
the aggregate Quotation Amounts for all Valuation Obligations shall equal the Reference Entity 
Notional Amount and solely for determining compliance with this sub-paragraph (b), if the relevant 
Obligation Currency is different to that of the Reference Entity Notional Amount then the relevant 
Quotation Amount shall be converted by the Calculation Agent by reference to exchange rates in 
effect at the time that the relevant Full Quotation is first sought; and  
(c) 
where an Asset Package Credit Event has occurred and a Deliverable Obligation has been 
converted into an Asset Package, the Quotation Amount for all or any part of the Asset Package 
shall be such amount as the Calculation Agent determines. 
“Quotation Dealer” means a dealer (other than one of the parties or any Affiliate of one of the parties, 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Pricing Terms) in obligations of the type of Valuation 
Obligation(s) for which Quotations are to be obtained, including each Quotation Dealer specified in the 
applicable Pricing Terms. If no Quotation Dealers are specified in the applicable Pricing Terms, the

--- Page 275 ---
CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT 
275
Calculation Agent shall select the Quotation Dealers. Upon a Quotation Dealer no longer being in 
existence (with no successors), or not being an active dealer in the obligations of the type for which 
Quotations are to be obtained, the Calculation Agent may substitute any other Quotation Dealer(s) for 
one or more of the foregoing. 
“Reference Entity” means the entity specified as such in the relevant Pricing Terms. Any Successor to 
the Reference Entity either (a) identified by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the definition of 
“Successor” on or following the Trade Date or (b) identified pursuant to a DC Resolution in respect of a 
Successor Resolution Request Date and publicly announced by the DC Secretary on or following the 
Trade Date shall, in each case, with effect from the Succession Date, be the Reference Entity. 
“Reference Entity Notional Amount” means, in respect of any Reference Entity, the notional amount 
from time to time of credit protection in relation to a Reference Entity, being (and unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Pricing Terms): 
(a) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Single Name CLNs, the Aggregate Principal Amount; and 
(b) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Linear Basket CLNs, the product of (i) the Aggregate Principal 
Amount and (ii) the quotient of (A) the related Reference Entity Weighting and (B) the sum of the 
Reference Entity Weightings of each Reference Entity as of the Trade Date without regard to any 
Credit Event that may have occurred after the relevant Credit Event Backstop Date. 
Subject in each case to Additional CLN Condition 10 (Successor Provisions) relating to the determination 
of successor Reference Entities and provided that, where the Credit Linked Notes are subject to 
redemption or purchase and cancellation in part (including, for the avoidance of doubt, a partial 
redemption following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event), or where further securities 
are issued which are fungible with the Credit Linked Notes, the Reference Entity Notional Amount shall 
be reduced or, as applicable, increased, proportionately. 
“Reference Entity Obligation” means: 
(a) 
any obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) 
described by the Obligation Category specified in the relevant Pricing Terms and having each of 
the Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the relevant Pricing Terms, in each case, 
immediately prior to, the Credit Event which is the subject of either the Credit Event Notice or the 
Applicable DC Credit Event Question resulting in the occurrence of the Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date, as applicable; and 
(b) 
the Reference Obligation, 
in each case, unless it is an Excluded Obligation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in respect of an LPN 
Reference Entity, each Reference Obligation will be a Reference Entity Obligation regardless of whether 
such obligation is an obligation of such LPN Reference Entity. 
“Reference Entity Weighting” means, in respect of Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, 
and a relevant Reference Entity, the percentage weighting specified for such Reference Entity in the 
relevant Pricing Terms or, if no weighting is specified for such Reference Entity, unless otherwise 
provided in the relevant Pricing Terms, an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Reference 
Entity Notional Amount of the Affected Reference Entity, divided by the Aggregate Principal Amount of 
the Credit Linked Notes, in each case as at the Issue Date. 
“Reference Obligation” means: 
(a) 
if “Standard Reference Obligation” is specified as applicable in the relevant Pricing Terms, the 
Standard Reference Obligation, if any;

--- Page 276 ---
CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT 
276
(b) 
if “Standard Reference Obligation” is specified as not applicable in the relevant Pricing Terms, 
each Non-Standard Reference Obligation, if any, specified in the relevant Pricing Terms, provided 
that, in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, irrespective of any Original Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation specified in the relevant Pricing Terms, if (i) a Senior Non-Preferred Level 
Standard Reference Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity is specified on the SRO List, such 
Standard Reference Obligation shall be deemed to constitute the Reference Obligation, or (ii) no 
such Senior Non-Preferred Level Standard Reference Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity 
is specified on the SRO List but such Standard Reference Obligation has previously been 
specified on the SRO List, there shall be deemed to be no Reference Obligation applicable to the 
Series and such previously specified Senior Non-Preferred Level Standard Reference Obligation 
of the relevant Reference Entity shall be deemed to constitute the Prior Reference Obligation; or 
(c) 
if (i) “Standard Reference Obligation” is specified as applicable in the relevant Pricing Terms, (ii) 
there is no Standard Reference Obligation and (iii) a Non-Standard Reference Obligation is 
specified in the relevant Pricing Terms, (A) the Non-Standard Reference Obligation to but 
excluding the first date of publication of the Standard Reference Obligation and (B) the Standard 
Reference Obligation from such date onwards, provided that the Standard Reference Obligation 
that is published would have been eligible to be selected as a Substitute Reference Obligation, 
provided that, in respect of each LPN Reference Entity: 
(i) 
the Reference Obligation means, as of the Trade Date, (x) each of the obligations listed as a 
Reference Obligation of such LPN Reference Entity in the relevant Pricing Terms or set forth on 
the relevant LPN Reference Obligations List, as published by Markit Group Limited, or any 
successor thereto, which list is currently available at http://www.markit.com/product/Reference-
Data-CDS, (y) any Additional LPN, determined in accordance with the definition of “Additional 
LPN” as provided in these Additional CLN Conditions, and (z) each Additional Obligation;  
(ii) 
each Reference Obligation determined in accordance with sub-paragraph (i) above will be a 
Reference Obligation notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Additional CLN Conditions, 
and in particular, notwithstanding that the obligation is not an obligation of the Reference Entity; 
and 
(iii) 
Standard Reference Obligation shall be “Not Applicable”. 
It is intended that there may be more than one Reference Obligation, as a result of which all applicable 
references in these Additional CLN Conditions to “the Reference Obligation” shall be construed as a 
reference to “a Reference Obligation”, and all other provisions of these Additional CLN Conditions shall 
be construed accordingly.  
The provisions in respect of “Substitute Reference Obligation” and “Substitution Event” in these 
Additional CLN Conditions shall not be applicable to LPN Reference Obligations. 
“Reference Obligation Only” means any obligation that is a Reference Obligation and no Obligation 
Characteristics shall be applicable to Reference Obligation Only. 
“Relevant City Business Day” has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
“Relevant Guarantee” means a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if “All Guarantees” is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Pricing Terms, a Qualifying Guarantee. 
“Relevant Holder” means a holder of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as 
the case may be, with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, 
immediately prior to the relevant Asset Package Credit Event, equal to the Outstanding Principal Balance 
or Due and Payable Amount of the Deliverable Obligations to be delivered into the Auction or selected by 
the Calculation Agent in the determination of the Final Price, as the case may be.

--- Page 277 ---
CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT 
277
“Relevant Obligations” means the Reference Entity Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within 
the Obligation Category “Bond or Loan” and which are outstanding immediately prior to the Succession 
Date (or, if there is a Steps Plan, immediately prior to the legally effective date of the first succession), 
provided that: 
(a) 
any Bonds or Loans outstanding between the Reference Entity and any of its Affiliates, or held by 
the Reference Entity, shall be excluded; 
(b) 
if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall, for the purposes of the determination required 
to be made under the definition of “Successor”, make the appropriate adjustments required to take 
account of any Reference Entity Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the 
Obligation Category “Bond or Loan” that are issued, incurred, redeemed, repurchased or 
cancelled from and including the legally effective date of the first succession to and including the 
Succession Date; 
(c) 
if “Financial Reference Entity Terms” is specified as applicable in the relevant Pricing Terms and 
the Reference Entity is a Senior Reference Entity, the Relevant Obligations shall only include the 
Senior Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation Category “Bond or 
Loan”; and 
(d) 
if “Financial Reference Entity Terms” is specified as applicable in the relevant Pricing Terms, and 
the relevant Reference Entity is a Subordinated Reference Entity, Relevant Obligations shall 
exclude Senior Obligations and any Further Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity 
which fall within the Obligation Category “Bond or Loan”, provided that if no such Relevant 
Obligations exist, “Relevant Obligations” shall have the same meaning as it would if the relevant 
Reference Entity were a Senior Reference Entity. 
“Repudiation/Moratorium” means the occurrence of both of the following events: (a) an authorised 
officer of the Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority (i) disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, 
in whole or in part, or challenges the validity of, one or more Reference Entity Obligations in an 
aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement or (ii) declares or imposes a moratorium, 
standstill, roll-over or deferral, whether de facto or de jure, with respect to one or more Reference Entity 
Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement; and (b) a Failure to Pay, 
determined without regard to the Payment Requirement, or a Restructuring, determined without regard to 
the Default Requirement, with respect to any such Reference Entity Obligation that occurs on or prior to 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
“Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date” means, if a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium occurs on or 
prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, (a) if the Reference Entity Obligations to which such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium relates include Bonds, the date that is the later of (i) the date that is 60 days 
after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium and (ii) the first payment date under any such 
Bond after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium (or, if later, the expiration date of any 
applicable Grace Period in respect of such payment date) and (b) if the Reference Entity Obligations to 
which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates do not include Bonds, the date that is 60 days after 
the 
date 
of 
such 
Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium; 
provided 
that, 
in 
either 
case, 
the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date shall occur no later than the Scheduled Maturity Date unless 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied. 
The “Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition” is satisfied (a) if the DC Secretary publicly 
announces, pursuant to a valid request that was delivered and effectively received on or prior to the date 
that is 14 calendar days after the Scheduled Maturity Date, that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations 
Committee 
has 
Resolved 
that 
an 
event 
that 
constitutes 
a 
Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred with respect to a Reference Entity Obligation of the Reference 
Entity and that such event occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date and such resolution

--- Page 278 ---
CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT 
278
constitutes an Applicable Resolution or (b) otherwise, by the delivery by the Calculation Agent to the 
Issuer of a Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice and, unless “Notice of Publicly Available 
Information” is specified not applicable in the relevant Pricing Terms, a Notice of Publicly Available 
Information that is effective on or prior to the date that is 14 calendar days after the Scheduled Maturity 
Date. In all cases, the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition will be deemed not to have been 
satisfied, or not capable of being satisfied, if, or to the extent that, the DC Secretary publicly announces 
that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that either (i) an event does 
not constitute a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium with respect to a Reference Entity Obligation of the 
Reference Entity or (ii) an event that constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium for the purposes of 
the relevant Credit Linked Notes has occurred with respect to a Reference Entity Obligation of the 
relevant Reference Entity but that such event occurred after the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
“Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice” means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent 
to the Issuer that describes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that occurred on or prior to the 
Scheduled Maturity Date. A Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice must contain a description in 
reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has 
occurred and indicate the date of the occurrence. The Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that is the 
subject of the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice need not be continuing on the date the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice is effective. 
“Resolve” means, with respect to a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee, the making of a 
specific determination in accordance with the DC Rules, and “Resolved” and “Resolves” shall be 
construed accordingly. 
“Restructured Bond or Loan” means a Reference Entity Obligation that is a Bond or Loan and in 
respect of which the relevant Restructuring has occurred. 
“Restructuring” means that, with respect to one or more Reference Entity Obligations and in relation to 
an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following events 
occurs in a form that binds all holders of such Reference Entity Obligation, is agreed between the 
Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority and a sufficient number of holders of such Reference 
Entity Obligation to bind all holders of the Reference Entity Obligation or is announced (or otherwise 
decreed) by the Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority in a form that binds all holders of such 
Reference Entity Obligation (including, in each case, in respect of Bonds only, by way of exchange) and 
such event is not expressly provided for under the terms of such Reference Entity Obligation in effect as 
of the later of the Credit Event Backstop Date applicable to the relevant Credit Linked Notes and the date 
as of which such Reference Entity Obligation is issued or incurred: 
(a) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest accruals 
(including by way of redenomination); 
(b) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including by way of 
redenomination); 
(c) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (i) the payment or accrual of interest 
or (ii) the payment of principal or premium; 
(d) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Reference Entity Obligation, causing the 
Subordination of such Reference Entity Obligation to any other Reference Entity Obligation; or 
(e) 
any change in the currency of any payment of interest, principal or premium to any currency other 
than the lawful currency of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the United 
States of America and the euro and any successor currency to any of the aforementioned 
currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall mean the currency which succeeds to and 
replaces the euro in whole).

--- Page 279 ---
CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT 
279
Notwithstanding the above in this definition of “Restructuring”, none of the following shall constitute a 
Restructuring: 
(i) 
the payment in euros of interest, principal or premium in relation to a Reference Entity Obligation 
denominated in a currency of a Member State of the European Union that adopts or has adopted 
the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as 
amended by the Treaty on European Union; 
(ii) 
the redenomination from euros into another currency, if (A) the redenomination occurs as a result 
of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the European Union which is of 
general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (B) a freely available 
market rate of conversion between euros and such other currency existed at the time of such 
redenomination and there is no reduction in the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium 
payable, as determined by reference to such freely available market rate of conversion; 
(iii) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in sub-
paragraphs (a) to (e) of this definition of “Restructuring” due to an administrative adjustment, 
accounting adjustment or tax adjustment or other technical adjustment occurring in the ordinary 
course of business; and 
(iv) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in sub-
paragraphs (a) to (e) of this definition of “Restructuring” in circumstances where such event does 
not directly or indirectly result from a deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of 
the Reference Entity, provided that in respect of sub-paragraph (e) of this definition of 
“Restructuring” only, no such deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of the 
Reference Entity is required where the redenomination is from euros into another currency and 
occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the European 
Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority. 
For the purposes of this definition of “Restructuring”, the term Reference Entity Obligation shall be 
deemed to include Underlying Obligations for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider of a 
Guarantee. In the case of a Guarantee and an Underlying Obligation, references to the Reference Entity 
in this definition shall be deemed to refer to the Underlying Obligor and the reference to the Reference 
Entity in this definition of “Restructuring” shall continue to refer to the Reference Entity. 
If an exchange has occurred, the determination as to whether one of the events described under sub-
paragraphs (a) to (e) of this definition has occurred will be based on a comparison of the terms of the 
Bond immediately prior to such exchange and the terms of the resulting obligations immediately following 
such exchange. 
“Restructuring Date” means the date on which a Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with the 
terms of the documentation governing such Restructuring. 
“Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date” means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation, the 
Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Scheduled Maturity Date. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, if the final maturity date of the Restructured Bond or Loan with the latest final maturity date of 
any Restructured Bond or Loan occurs prior to the 2.5-year Limitation Date (such Restructured Bond or 
Loan, a “Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan”) and the Scheduled Maturity Date occurs prior to 
the final maturity date of such Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan, then the Restructuring Maturity 
Limitation Date will be the final maturity date of such Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan. 
“Scheduled Maturity Date” means, in respect of an issue of Credit Linked Notes, the date specified as 
such in the relevant Pricing Terms.

--- Page 280 ---
CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT 
280
“Senior Non-Preferred Notes” means Credit Linked Notes in respect of which “Additional Provisions for 
Senior Non-Preferred Reference Obligations (published on December 8, 2017)” apply in relation to one 
or more Reference Entities and in respect of which, each such relevant Reference Entity constitutes a 
Subordinated Reference Entity. 
“Senior Non-Preferred Obligation” means, in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, any obligation of 
the relevant Reference Entity which is Subordinated only to any unsubordinated Borrowed Money 
Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity but not further or otherwise, or which would be so 
Subordinated if any unsubordinated Borrowed Money Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity 
existed, and which ranks above Traditional Subordinated Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity or 
which would so rank if any Traditional Subordinated Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity existed. 
A Senior Non-Preferred Obligation shall constitute a Subordinated Obligation. 
“Senior Obligation” means any obligation which is not Subordinated to any unsubordinated Borrowed 
Money obligation of the Reference Entity. 
“Senior Reference Entity” means a Reference Entity for which (a) the Reference Obligation(s) or Prior 
Reference Obligation(s), as applicable, is/are a Senior Obligation provided that if there is more than one 
Reference Obligation for a Reference Entity, and not all of the Reference Obligations are Senior 
Obligations, then “Senior Reference Entity” means a Reference Entity where “Senior Level” is specified 
as the Seniority Level in the relevant Pricing Terms, or (b) there is no Reference Obligation or Prior 
Reference Obligation. 
“Seniority Level” means, with respect to an obligation of the relevant Reference Entity, (a) “Senior 
Level“ or “Subordinated Level“ as specified in the relevant Pricing Terms, or (b) if no such seniority 
level is specified in the relevant Pricing Terms, “Senior Level“ if the Original Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation is a Senior Obligation or “Subordinated Level” if the Original Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation is a Subordinated Obligation, failing which (c) “Senior Level“ or (d) in respect of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and the relevant Reference Entity, the “Senior Non-Preferred Level“. 
“Single Name CLN” means any Series in respect of which the Issuer purchases credit protection from 
Noteholders in respect of one Reference Entity alone. 
“Sovereign” means any state, political subdivision or government, or any agency, instrumentality, 
ministry, department or other authority acting in a governmental capacity (including, without limiting the 
foregoing, the central bank) thereof. 
“Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation” means a Reference Entity Obligation of a Reference 
Entity which is a Sovereign (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) (a) in respect of which 
a Restructuring that is the subject of the relevant Credit Event Notice or Applicable DC Credit Event 
Announcement has occurred and (b) which fell within the definition of a Deliverable Obligation 
immediately preceding the date on which such Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with the 
terms of the documentation governing such Restructuring. 
“Sovereign Succession Event” means, with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, an 
annexation, unification, secession, partition, dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or other similar 
event. 
“Specified Currency” means an obligation that is payable in the currency or currencies specified as 
such in the relevant Pricing Terms (or, if “Specified Currency” is specified in the relevant Pricing Terms 
and no currency is so specified, any Standard Specified Currency), provided that if the euro is a 
Specified Currency, “Specified Currency” shall also include an obligation that was previously payable in 
the euro, regardless of any redenomination thereafter if such redenomination occurred as a result of 
action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the European Union which is of general 
application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority.

--- Page 281 ---
CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT 
281
“Specified Number” means the number of Public Sources specified in the relevant Pricing Terms (or, if 
no such number is specified, two). 
“SRO List” means the list of Standard Reference Obligations as published by ISDA on its website at 
www.isda.org from time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party designated by ISDA 
on 
its 
website 
from 
time 
to 
time. 
The 
current 
SRO 
list 
can 
be 
obtained 
at 
https://ihsmarkit.com/products/red-cds.html. 
“Standard Reference Obligation” means the obligation of the Reference Entity with the relevant 
Seniority Level which is specified from time to time on the SRO List. 
“Standard Specified Currency” means each of the lawful currencies of Canada, Japan, South Africa, 
Switzerland, France, Germany, the United Kingdom and the United States of America and the euro and 
any successor currency to any of the aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall 
mean the currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
“Steps Plan” means a plan evidenced by Eligible Information contemplating that there will be a series of 
successions to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, by one or more entities. 
“Subordinated Obligation” means any obligation which is Subordinated to any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity or which would be so Subordinated if any 
unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity existed. 
“Subordinated Reference Entity” means a Reference Entity for which the Reference Obligation(s) or 
Prior Reference Obligation(s), as applicable, is/are a Subordinated Obligation provided that, if there is 
more than one Reference Obligation and not all of the Reference Obligations are Subordinated 
Reference Obligations, then “Subordinated Reference Entity” means a Reference Entity specified as 
such in the relevant Pricing Terms. 
“Subordination” means, with respect to an obligation (the “Second Obligation”) and another obligation 
of the Reference Entity to which such obligation is being compared (the “First Obligation”), a 
contractual, trust or similar arrangement providing that (a) upon the liquidation, dissolution, 
reorganisation or winding up of the Reference Entity, claims of the holders of the First Obligation are 
required to be satisfied prior to the claims of the holders of the Second Obligation or (b) the holders of 
the Second Obligation will not be entitled to receive or retain principal payments in respect of their claims 
against the Reference Entity at any time that the Reference Entity is in payment arrears or is otherwise in 
default under the First Obligation. “Subordinated” will be construed accordingly. For the purposes of 
determining whether Subordination exists or whether an obligation is Subordinated with respect to 
another obligation to which it is being compared, (i) the existence of preferred creditors arising by 
operation of law or of collateral, credit support or other credit enhancement or security arrangements 
shall not be taken into account, except that, notwithstanding the foregoing, priorities arising by operation 
of law shall be taken into account where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and (ii) in the case of the 
Reference Obligation or the Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, the ranking in priority of payment 
shall be determined as of the date as of which it was issued or incurred (or in circumstances where the 
Reference Obligation or a Prior Reference Obligation is the Standard Reference Obligation and 
“Standard Reference Obligation” is applicable, then the priority of payment of the Reference Obligation or 
the Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, shall be determined as of the date of selection) and, in 
each case, shall not reflect any change to such ranking in priority of payment after such date and further 
provided that, in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, such definition shall be applied in the 
assessment of any Obligation without regard to how the Obligation is described by the laws of any 
relevant jurisdiction, including any characterisation of the Obligation as senior or unsubordinated by the 
laws of any relevant jurisdiction.

--- Page 282 ---
CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT 
282
“Substitute Reference Obligation” means, with respect to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation to 
which a Substitution Event has occurred, the obligation that may replace the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation, determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with Additional CLN Condition 12 
(Reference Obligation). 
Notwithstanding the definition of “Substitute Reference Obligation” (a) no Substitute Reference 
Obligation shall be determined in respect of a Reference Obligation Only Series and (b) if the events set 
out in sub-paragraph (b) or (c) of the definition of “Substitution Event” occur with respect to the 
Reference Obligation in a Reference Obligation Only Series, such Reference Obligation shall continue to 
be the Reference Obligation. 
“Substitution Date” means, with respect to a Substitute Reference Obligation, the date on which the 
Calculation Agent notifies the Trustee of the Substitute Reference Obligation that it has identified in 
accordance with the definition of “Substitute Reference Obligation”. 
“Substitution Event” means, with respect to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation: 
(a) 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation is redeemed in whole; 
(b) 
the aggregate amounts due under the Non-Standard Reference Obligation have been reduced by 
redemption or otherwise below USD 10,000,000 or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation 
Currency, as determined by the Calculation Agent); or 
(c) 
for any other reason, other than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation is no longer an obligation of the Reference Entity, (either directly 
or as provider of a guarantee). 
For the purposes of the identification of a Non-Standard Reference Obligation, any change in the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation’s CUSIP or ISIN code or other similar identifier will not, in and of itself, 
constitute a Substitution Event. 
If an event described in sub-paragraph (a) or (b) of this definition has occurred on or prior to the Trade 
Date, then a Substitution Event shall be deemed to have occurred pursuant to sub-paragraph (a) or (b) of 
this definition, as the case may be, on the Trade Date. 
“Substitution Event Date” means, with respect to the Reference Obligation, the date of the occurrence 
of the relevant Substitution Event. 
“Succession Date” means the legally effective date of an event in which one or more entities succeed to 
some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity; provided that if at such time, there is a 
Steps Plan, the Succession Date will be the legally effective date of the final succession in respect of 
such Steps Plan, or if earlier (a) the date on which a determination pursuant to the definition of 
“Successor” would not be affected by any further related successions in respect of such Steps Plan, or 
(b) the occurrence of an Event Determination Date in respect of the Reference Entity or any entity which 
would constitute a Successor. 
“Successor” means, subject to Additional CLN Condition 10(e) (Eligible Successors), the entity or 
entities, if any, determined by the Calculation Agent or the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
(as applicable) as follows: 
(a) 
subject to sub-paragraph (g) of this definition, if one entity succeeds, either directly or as a 
provider of a Relevant Guarantee to 75 per cent. or more of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity, that entity will be the sole Successor in respect of the entire Reference Entity 
Notional Amount of that original Reference Entity outstanding as at the Succession Date; 
(b) 
if only one entity succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee to more than 
25 per cent. (but less than 75 per cent.) of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity and

--- Page 283 ---
CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT 
283
not more than 25 per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity remain with the 
Reference Entity, the entity that succeeds to more than 25 per cent. of the Relevant Obligations 
will be the sole Successor in respect of the entire Reference Entity Notional Amount of that 
original Reference Entity outstanding as at the Succession Date; 
(c) 
if more than one entity each succeeds, either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee to 
more than 25 per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, and not more than 25 
per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity remain with the Reference Entity, the 
entities that succeed to more than 25 per cent. of the Relevant Obligations will each be a 
Successor in respect of a portion of the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the original 
Reference Entity outstanding as at the Succession Date (subject to Additional CLN Condition 10 
(Successor Provisions)); 
(d) 
if one or more entities each succeeds, either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee to 
more than 25 per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, and more than 25 per 
cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity remain with the Reference Entity, each 
such entity and the Reference Entity will each be a Successor in respect of a portion of the 
Reference Entity Notional Amount of the original Reference Entity outstanding as at the 
Succession Date subject to and in accordance with Additional CLN Condition 10 (Successor 
Provisions); 
(e) 
if one or more entities succeeds, either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee to a portion 
of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, but no entity succeeds to more than twenty-
five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity and the Reference Entity 
continues to exist, there will be no Successor and the Reference Entity and the Credit Linked 
Notes will not be changed in any way as a result of such succession; 
(f) 
if one or more entities succeeds either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee to a portion 
of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, but no entity succeeds to more than twenty-
five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity and the Reference Entity ceases 
to exist, the entity which succeeds to the greatest percentage of Relevant Obligations will be the 
Successor (provided that if two or more entities succeed to an equal percentage of Relevant 
Obligations, each such entity will be a Successor) subject to and in accordance with the provisions 
of Additional CLN Condition 10 (Successor Provisions); and 
(g) 
in respect of a Reference Entity which is not a Sovereign, if one entity assumes all of the 
obligations (including at least one Relevant Obligation) of the Reference Entity, and at the time of 
the determination either (i) the Reference Entity has ceased to exist, or (ii) the Reference Entity is 
in the process of being dissolved (howsoever described) and the Reference Entity has not issued 
or incurred any Borrowed Money obligation at any time since the legally effective date of the 
assumption, such entity (the “Universal Successor”) will be the sole Successor in respect of the 
relevant Series. 
For the purposes of this definition, “succeed” means, with respect to the Reference Entity and its 
Relevant Obligations, that an entity other than the Reference Entity (A) assumes or becomes liable for 
such Relevant Obligations whether by operation of law or pursuant to any agreement (including, with 
respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, any protocol, treaty, convention, accord, concord, 
entente, pact or other agreement), or (B) issues Bonds or incurs loans (the “Exchange Bonds or 
Loans”) that are exchanged for Relevant Obligations (or, as applicable, obligations), and in either case 
the Reference Entity is not thereafter a direct obligor or a provider of a Relevant Guarantee with respect 
to the Relevant Obligations or such Exchange Bonds or Loans, as applicable. For the purposes of this 
definition, “succeeded” and “succession” shall be construed accordingly.

--- Page 284 ---
CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT 
284
“Successor Backstop Date” means for purposes of any Successor determination determined by DC 
Resolution, the date that is 90 calendar days prior to the Successor Resolution Request Date otherwise, 
the date that is 90 calendar days prior to the earlier of (a) the date on which the Successor Notice is 
effective and (b) in circumstances where (i) a Successor Resolution Request Date has occurred, (ii) the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a Successor 
determination and (iii) the Successor Notice is delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer not more 
than 14 calendar days after the day on which the DC Secretary publicly announces that the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a Successor determination, the 
Successor Resolution Request Date. The Successor Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with any Business Day Convention. 
“Successor Notice” means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer that describes 
a succession (or, in relation to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, a Sovereign Succession Event) in 
respect of which a Succession Date has occurred and pursuant to which one or more Successors to the 
Reference Entity can be determined. A Successor Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail 
of the facts relevant to the determination to be made pursuant to the definition of “Successor”. 
“Successor Resolution Request Date” means, with respect to a notice to the DC Secretary requesting 
that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve one or more Successors to 
the Reference Entity, the date, as publicly announced by the DC Secretary, that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to be the date on which such notice is effective. 
“Suspended Interest Payment Date” has the meaning given to it in Additional CLN Condition 3(b) 
(Suspension of Interest Following an Applicable DC Credit Event Question or a Potential Credit Event). 
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which TARGET2 (the Trans-European Automated Real-
time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System) any successor thereto is open. 
“Tier 2 Subordinated Obligation” means, in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, any obligation of 
the relevant Reference Entity which meets the conditions set out in the CRR or which are (or were at any 
time) otherwise eligible as a Tier 2 item in accordance with the CRR. 
“Traditional Subordinated Obligation” means, in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, (i) Tier 2 
Subordinated Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity; (ii) any obligations of the relevant Reference 
Entity which rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with any Tier 2 Subordinated Obligations of the 
relevant Reference Entity; and (iii) any obligations of the Reference Entity which are Subordinated to the 
obligations thereto described in (i) and (ii) above shall each (without limitation) constitute Traditional 
Subordinated Obligations in respect of a Senior Non-Preferred Obligation. A Traditional Subordinated 
Obligation shall constitute a Further Subordinated Obligation. 
“Term” means the period commencing on and including the Trade Date and ending on and including the 
Scheduled Maturity Date (or, if applicable, Extended Maturity Date) of the Credit Linked Notes. 
“Trade Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Pricing Terms. 
“Transaction Auction Settlement Terms” means the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement 
Terms, whether or not the Credit Linked Notes are covered by such Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms; provided that (a) the relevant Deliverable Obligations Terms are substantially the 
same as the Deliverable Obligation Provisions with respect to the Credit Linked Notes, and (b) if such 
Credit Event is a Restructuring for which either “Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable 
Obligation” or “Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation” is 
applicable or deemed to be applicable, a credit derivatives transaction with the same tenor as the Credit 
Linked Notes would be an “Auction Covered Transaction” for the purposes of the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms.

--- Page 285 ---
CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT 
285
“Transaction Type” means, in respect of a Series where “Physical Settlement Matrix Standard Terms” is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Pricing Terms and a Reference Entity, any “Transaction Type” 
included in the Physical Settlement Matrix. 
“Transferable” means an obligation that is transferable to institutional investors without any contractual, 
statutory or regulatory restriction provided that none of the following shall be considered contractual, 
statutory or regulatory restrictions: 
(a) 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions that provide for eligibility for resale pursuant to Rule 
144A or Regulation S promulgated under the U.S. Notes Act of 1933, as amended (and any 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions promulgated under the laws of any jurisdiction 
having a similar effect in relation to the eligibility for resale of an obligation); 
(b) 
restrictions on permitted investments such as statutory or regulatory investment restrictions on 
insurance companies and pension funds; or 
(c) 
restrictions in respect of blocked periods on or around payment dates or voting periods. 
“Underlying Finance Instrument” has the meaning given in the definition of “Additional LPN”. 
“Underlying Loan” has the meaning given in the definition of “Additional LPN”. 
“Underlying Obligation” means, with respect to a guarantee, the obligation which is the subject of the 
guarantee. 
“Underlying Obligor” means, with respect to an Underlying Obligation, the issuer in the case of a Bond, 
the borrower in the case of a Loan, or the principal obligor in the case of any other Underlying Obligation. 
“Universal Successor” has the meaning given in the definition of “Successor”.  
“Valuation Obligation Valuation Date” has the meaning given to it in Additional CLN Condition 7 
(Determination of Final Price). 
“Valuation Obligations” means, where “Cash Settlement” applies, one or more obligations, as selected 
by the Calculation Agent, provided such obligations(s) are either a Reference Obligation and/or would 
constitute a Deliverable Obligation as at the relevant Valuation Obligation Valuation Date (and for the 
purposes of interpreting the Deliverable Obligation Category and the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics, references to “the date on which it is due to be delivered in an Auction” shall be read and 
construed as references to the relevant Valuation Obligation Valuation Date). 
“Valuation Time” means the time specified as such in the relevant Pricing Terms or, if no such time is 
specified, the time determined by the Calculation Agent, which shall be as close as reasonably 
practicable to 11:00 a.m. London time, unless the Calculation Agent determines that the principal market 
valuing the Reference Obligation would be closed at such time or such transactions are not being 
conducted in sufficient volume (as determined by the Calculation Agent) at such time, in which event the 
Valuation Time shall be such other time as may be specified by the Calculation Agent that such principal 
market is open. 
“Voting Shares” means the shares or other interests that have the power to elect the board of directors 
or similar governing body of an entity. 
“Weighted Average Quotation” has the meaning given in the definition of “Quotation”.

--- Page 286 ---
ANNEX TO THE CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
286
ANNEX TO THE CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT
COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS
For the avoidance of doubt, this annex to the CLN Conditions Supplement shall not form part of the Additional 
CLN Conditions. 
The questions and answers set out below highlight selected information to help prospective investors 
understand the Credit Linked Notes. However, any decision to invest in the Credit Linked Notes should only 
be made after careful consideration of the Base Prospectus and the relevant Terms and Conditions in their 
entirety, particularly, the terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes set out in the CLN Conditions 
Supplement and as amended, supplemented and varied by the relevant Pricing Terms (the “Conditions” of 
the Credit Linked Notes). This section should be treated as an introduction to certain terms of the Credit 
Linked Notes. It is not intended to be a substitute for, nor a summary of, the Conditions of the Credit Linked 
Notes. 
Capitalised terms in relation to the following questions and answers shall have the meaning specified in the 
Additional CLN Conditions. 
What is the difference between the Credit Linked Notes and an ordinary debt security? 
The Credit Linked Notes are similar to an ordinary debt security in that they provide the investor with a regular 
stream of interest payments and the return of par on maturity in the ordinary course (although bear in mind 
that the Issuer is a special purpose vehicle and recourse is limited to the Mortgaged Property in respect of the 
Notes). However, the Credit Linked Notes have the added feature not present in ordinary debt securities of an 
exposure to the credit of one or more Reference Entities. If a Credit Event occurs in relation to a Reference 
Entity, an investor may lose all or part of its investment in the Notes. 
The amount of interest and principal which an investor receives will depend on whether a Credit Event occurs 
with respect to any Reference Entity and whether an Event Determination Date occurs as a result. If no Event 
Determination Date has occurred and the Calculation Agent does not believe that such an event will occur, 
then the Credit Linked Notes will (subject to no other Early Redemption Event occurring) be redeemed at their 
outstanding nominal amount on the Maturity Date. If an Event Determination Date occurs, except where such 
event results from a Restructuring Credit Event in respect of which there is a partial exercise or where the 
Credit Linked Notes are Linear Basket, the Notes will be redeemed early in an amount in aggregate equal to 
the Early Redemption Amount, with no further payment of principal or interest on the Notes (see further “What 
is an Event Determination Date?” and “What are Noteholders paid if the Notes redeem early due to the 
occurrence of a Credit Event?” below). The Early Redemption Amount is likely to be less than the par value of 
the Credit Linked Notes and may even be zero (see further “What are Noteholders paid if the Notes redeem 
early due to the occurrence of a Credit Event?” below). Interest will cease to accrue on the Applicable 
Proportion of the Credit Linked Notes from and including the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding 
the Event Determination Date or, if there have not been any previous Interest Payment Dates, from and 
including the Interest Commencement Date. 
The Early Redemption Amount takes into account the Credit Event Loss Amount which is the settlement 
amount as a result of the Credit Event in relation to the Reference Entity. The greater the Credit Event Loss 
Amount in relation to the Reference Entity, the lower the Early Redemption Amount that is payable to the 
Noteholders in relation to the Notes. 
What are Credit Linked Notes? 
Credit Linked Notes are debt securities, the value of which is linked to the credit risk of one or more Reference 
Entities. The amount of interest and principal which investors will receive on the Credit Linked Notes is

--- Page 287 ---
ANNEX TO THE CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
287
dependent on whether certain Credit Events occur in respect of any relevant Reference Entity to which the 
Notes are linked. 
In purchasing the Credit Linked Notes, investors are assuming credit risk exposure to each Reference Entity 
(and possible successors thereof). A Credit Linked Note is broadly intended to give the investor access to a 
credit default swap referencing certain Reference Entit(y)(ies) in funded format. Therefore, many of the 
features and risks applicable to a market standard credit default swap referencing the relevant Reference 
Entit(y)(ies) will be equally applicable to the Credit Linked Notes. 
What are Single Name CLNs? 
Single Name CLNs represent an investment linked to the performance of only one Reference Entity specified 
in the relevant Pricing Terms. If a Credit Event and a relevant Event Determination Date occurs then each 
Note will be redeemed in full by payment of the Early Redemption Amount. The Early Redemption Amount 
takes into account the Credit Event Loss Amount as an Unpaid Amount (as defined in the Swap Agreement) 
due from the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty. 
What are Linear Basket CLNs? 
Linear Basket CLNs represent an investment linked to the performance of a basket of two or more Reference 
Entities specified in the relevant Pricing Terms. The Notes are exposed to the credit risk of each Reference 
Entity in the basket in proportion to the weighting specified for such Reference Entity in the relevant Pricing 
Terms. If a Credit Event and relevant Event Determination Date occurs in respect of any one of the Reference 
Entities in the basket then each Linear Basket CLN will be redeemed in part, in proportion to the weighting of 
the Affected Reference Entity, by payment of the Early Redemption Amount (again, taking into account the 
Credit Event Loss Amount as an Unpaid Amount (as defined in the Swap Agreement) due from the Issuer to 
the Swap Counterparty). Credit Events, and therefore Event Determination Dates, may occur with respect to 
more than one Reference Entity. 
The Early Redemption Amount will be determined by reference to a portion of the Notes equal to the 
weighting of the Affected Reference Entity. 
What is credit risk? 
Credit risk with respect to a Reference Entity is the risk that the Reference Entity fails to perform its 
obligations under certain types of transactions of the Reference Entity. This is generally (but not exclusively) 
as a result of a deterioration in its financial condition. 
For the Credit Linked Notes, the credit risk is in relation to a broad range of transactions of a Reference Entity, 
and extends generally to any borrowed money obligations of the Reference Entity. Borrowed money 
obligations would include any loan agreements entered into by the Reference Entity and any debt securities 
issued by the Reference Entity. 
The financial condition and creditworthiness of a Reference Entity may change over time. Public information 
which is available in relation to a Reference Entity may be incomplete, misleading or out of date. The identity 
of each Reference Entity is subject to change as a result of corporate or other actions such as a merger or 
demerger. The risks associated with a successor Reference Entity may be greater than the risks associated 
with the original Reference Entity. 
If the Notes are linked to multiple Reference Entities, the probability that a Credit Event will occur may be 
increased. The credit risk to investors may further be increased if the Reference Entities are concentrated in a 
particular industry sector or geographic area, or if they have exposure to similar financial or other risks. 
What is the difference between the Credit Linked Notes and a bond issued by the Reference Entity? 
The Credit Linked Notes give the investor exposure to the credit risk of the Reference Entity without having to 
own a bond or other type of debt obligation of such Reference Entity. The Reference Entity itself is not a party

--- Page 288 ---
ANNEX TO THE CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
288
to and has no direct involvement in the Credit Linked Notes and an investor will not be able to claim against 
the Reference Entity or Issuer for any losses it suffers from a Credit Event of the Reference Entity. Neither the 
Issuer nor the Swap Counterparty is obliged to hold any obligation of the Reference Entity or otherwise have 
credit risk exposure to the Reference Entity. In addition to the credit risk of a Reference Entity to which the 
Credit Linked Notes are linked, an investor will also be exposed to other credit risks in relation to, for example, 
the Original Collateral Obligor, the Custodian and the Swap Counterparty. Therefore, even if the Reference 
Entity is performing well, an investor may still suffer a loss as a result of these other credit risks. 
What is a Credit Event? 
A Credit Event is, broadly speaking, an event which is regarded as being indicative of a default or material 
decline in the creditworthiness of the Reference Entity. 
Credit Events are determined by reference to the relevant Reference Entity itself and certain eligible types of 
obligations of such Reference Entity which, in relation to the Notes, may include loans, debt securities or other 
borrowed money obligations depending on the type of Reference Entity (“Reference Entity Obligations”). If 
the applicable “Transaction Type” in respect of a Reference Entity is specified as “Standard Emerging 
European Corporate LPN” in the relevant Pricing Terms, the Obligations of the Reference Entity will include 
loan participation notes which are issued for the sole purpose of providing funds for the issuer(s) of such loan 
participation notes to finance a loan or provide alternative finance to the relevant Reference Entity. 
Accordingly, a Credit Event may occur in respect of obligations that are not direct obligations of the relevant 
Reference Entity. 
The Credit Events relevant to the Credit Linked Notes are any of the following events with respect to the 
Reference Entity, which will apply to a Credit Linked Note if specified or elected by reference to a specified 
transaction type in the relevant Pricing Terms: 
(a) 
Failure to Pay: a failure by the Reference Entity to pay amounts when due under one or more of its 
Reference Entity Obligations, where the failure to pay relates to an amount greater than a pre-
determined minimum amount; 
(b) 
Bankruptcy: a bankruptcy or insolvency procedure (or any analogous event) in respect of the 
Reference Entity; 
(c) 
Restructuring: a restructuring of a Reference Entity Obligation of the Reference Entity which amends 
key terms of that Reference Entity Obligation including, for example, as to repayment of principal or 
payment of interest thereunder; 
(d) 
Obligation Acceleration: the acceleration of a Reference Entity Obligation of the Reference Entity 
before it would otherwise be due and payable in respect of a pre-determined minimum amount; 
(e) 
Obligation Default: a Reference Entity Obligation of the Reference Entity in respect of a pre-
determined minimum amount becomes capable of being declared due and payable before it would 
otherwise be due and payable; 
(f) 
Repudiation/Moratorium: the Reference Entity (a)(i) repudiates a Reference Entity Obligation in 
respect of a pre-determined minimum amount or (ii) imposes a moratorium in respect of a Reference 
Entity Obligation, in each case in respect of a pre-determined minimum amount and (b) a failure to 
pay under such obligation subsequently occurs within a specified time period; or 
(g) 
Governmental Intervention: an action taken or announcement made by a Governmental Authority 
pursuant to, or by means of, a restructuring and resolution law (or similar) applicable to the Reference 
Entity results in, with respect of a pre-determined minimum amount of a Reference Entity Obligation, 
(a) an event which would result in the reduction or deferral of payment of principal or interest (or any 
analogous effect) or a change in ranking of priority payment, (b) an expropriation or other event which

--- Page 289 ---
ANNEX TO THE CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
289
mandatorily changes the beneficial holder or (c) a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange of 
a Reference Entity Obligation.  
When does a Credit Event need to occur to affect the pay-out on the Notes? 
If a relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee resolves that a Credit Event has occurred in 
relation to any Reference Entity or a Reference Entity Obligation thereof (see further “What are the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees and how do they affect the Notes?” below), such Credit Event must 
have occurred during the period from and including the date that is 60 calendar days prior to the date on 
which it first received a request to resolve whether or not such Credit Event has occurred (the “Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date”) to and including the Scheduled Maturity Date (subject to extension in certain 
circumstances). Whereas, if the Swap Counterparty determines in its sole discretion that a Credit Event has 
occurred in relation to any Reference Entity or a Reference Entity Obligation thereof and delivers a Credit 
Event Notice to the Issuer to that effect, when the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee is not going to 
consider the same, such Credit Event must have occurred during the period from 60 calendar days prior to the 
earlier of the effective delivery date of such Credit Event Notice and the Credit Event Resolution Request Date 
(subject to extension in certain circumstances). 
Can a Credit Event occur prior to the Issue Date? 
Yes. A Credit Event may occur prior to the Issue Date of the Notes and may even occur prior to the Trade 
Date specified in the applicable Pricing Terms. 
Noteholders should conduct their own review of any recent developments with respect to the Reference Entity 
by consulting publicly available information. If a request has been delivered to ISDA prior to the Trade Date to 
determine whether a Credit Event has occurred with respect to the Reference Entity, details of such request 
may 
be 
found 
on 
the 
Credit 
Derivatives 
Determinations 
Committee 
website 
at 
https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/. 
What is an Event Determination Date? 
In order for Notes to be redeemed following a Credit Event, it is necessary for a relevant Event Determination 
Date to have occurred. Depending on the circumstances, this may be the date on which a notice describing 
the occurrence of the Credit Event has been delivered (together with, if applicable, a notice containing publicly 
available information confirming the occurrence of the Credit Event), or the date on which, amongst other 
things, it is publicly announced that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was requested to convene 
to determine if a certain Credit Event has occurred. 
Can an Event Determination Date only occur if a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
determines that one has occurred? 
No. The Swap Counterparty may also deliver a Credit Event Notice to the Issuer in relation to a Credit Event 
triggering an Event Determination Date. Such notice may be delivered at any time within the Notice Delivery 
Period including where a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has not resolved that a Credit Event 
has occurred. 
Although the Swap Counterparty may trigger an Event Determination Date following the occurrence of a 
Credit Event it will only be able to do so if (i) a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has not already 
determined whether such event constitutes a Credit Event, (ii) it has some information to support its 
determination that a Credit Event has occurred and (iii) (in circumstances where a Notice of Publicly Available 
Information is required to be provided) it cites Publicly Available Information confirming the occurrence of the 
Credit Event described in the Credit Event Notice.

--- Page 290 ---
ANNEX TO THE CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
290
What are Noteholders paid if the Notes redeem early due to the occurrence of a Credit Event? 
If the Credit Linked Notes redeem early due to the occurrence of a Credit Event, Noteholders will be paid their 
pro rata share of the Early Redemption Amount. The Early Redemption Amount where Notes redeem early 
due to the occurrence of a Credit Event will take into account the Credit Event Loss Amount as an Unpaid 
Amount (as defined in the Swap Agreement) due from the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty. 
What are Noteholders paid if the Notes redeem early for reasons other than the occurrence of a Credit 
Event? 
If an Early Redemption Trigger Date occurs other than due to the occurrence an Event Determination Date, 
the Notes will redeem in accordance with the relevant Master Condition or, if an ROO Substitution Event has 
occurred, Additional CLN Condition 12(c) (Reference Obligation Only Series). 
What is the Credit Event Loss Amount? 
The Credit Event Loss Amount is the settlement amount calculated in relation to a Credit Event with respect to 
any Reference Entity and such amount is taken into account in calculating the Early Redemption Amount that 
is payable to the Noteholders on an early redemption of the Notes following the occurrence of a Credit Event. 
The Credit Event Loss Amount is determined based on the price of certain eligible obligations of the 
Reference Entity following the occurrence of a Credit Event with respect to such Reference Entity. With 
respect to the Credit Linked Notes, the eligible obligations shall be one or more obligations, as selected by the 
Calculation Agent, that are either a Reference Obligation and/or would constitute a Deliverable Obligation as 
at the particular observation time in accordance with elections made in the relevant Pricing Terms. The price 
of such eligible obligations may be determined, if Auction Settlement applies, by an Auction or, where Cash 
Settlement applies, on the basis of firm bid quotations received by the Calculation Agent from third party 
dealers or, where Fixed Recovery Settlement applies, on the basis of a fixed percentage set out in the 
relevant Pricing Terms, which may be zero. 
How is the Credit Event Loss Amount determined if Auction Settlement applies? 
Unless the Calculation Agent determines that Auction Settlement would not apply for certain specified 
reasons, the Credit Event Loss Amount will be determined by reference to a price determined by way of a 
credit derivatives auction sponsored by ISDA (an “Auction”). The Auction will involve a bidding process by 
institutions participating in the relevant Auction, pursuant to a bidding procedure set out in the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms, to establish the value of the eligible obligations (the “Deliverable 
Obligations”) of the relevant Reference Entity. Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank may act as a 
participating bidder in any such Auction and may submit bids and offers with respect to the Deliverable 
Obligations of the Reference Entity. If the applicable “Transaction Type” in respect of a Reference Entity is 
specified as “Standard Emerging European Corporate LPN” in the relevant Pricing Terms, such obligations of 
the Reference Entity will include loan participation notes which are issued for the sole purpose of providing 
funds for the issuer(s) of such loan participation notes to finance a loan or provide alternative finance to the 
relevant Reference Entity. 
Deliverable Obligations mean obligations of the Reference Entity which satisfy certain specified “Deliverable 
Obligation Categories” and “Deliverable Obligation Characteristics” or which are included in the Final List 
published relating to the applicable auction settlement terms. If the applicable “Transaction Type” in respect of 
a Reference Entity is specified as “Standard Emerging European Corporate LPN” in the relevant Pricing 
Terms, such obligations of the Reference Entity will include loan participation notes which are issued for the 
sole purpose of providing funds for the issuer(s) of such loan participation notes to finance a loan or provide 
alternative finance to the relevant Reference Entity. 
If Auction Settlement applies, the Credit Event Loss Amount will be equal to the product of (I) an amount 
equal to the lower of the Reference Entity Notional Amount and (if applicable) the Exercise Amount, in each

--- Page 291 ---
ANNEX TO THE CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
291
case in respect of the Affected Reference Entity and (II) 100 per cent. minus the price (expressed as a 
percentage) determined through the Auction for certain obligations of such Affected Reference Entity. 
The auction price is likely to be lower than the par value of the Deliverable Obligations of the Reference Entity 
and will be reflective of a loss experienced by the holder of such Deliverable Obligations. Moreover, the price 
is likely to reflect the lowest prevailing market value of any Deliverable Obligation. The lower the auction price, 
the greater the Credit Event Loss Amount which gets applied as an Unpaid Amount due to the Swap 
Counterparty and thus the smaller the Early Redemption Amount paid to Noteholders on an early redemption 
of the Notes. 
How is the Credit Event Loss Amount determined if Cash Settlement applies? 
If the Calculation Agent determines that Cash Settlement will apply, the Credit Event Loss Amount will be 
determined on the basis of the firm bid quotations sought by the Calculation Agent from third party dealers for 
the eligible obligations of the relevant Reference Entity selected by the Calculation Agent and satisfying 
certain specified obligation categories and obligation characteristics (such obligations being the Valuation 
Obligations). However, if no quotations are obtained, the Calculation Agent will determine the final price. 
If Cash Settlement applies, the Credit Event Loss Amount will be equal to the product of (I) an amount equal 
to the lower of the Reference Entity Notional Amount and (if applicable) the Exercise Amount, in each case in 
respect of the Affected Reference Entity and (II) 100 per cent. minus the price (expressed as a percentage) 
determined on the basis of such firm bid quotations sought by the Calculation Agent from third party dealers 
for the Valuation Obligations (or determined by the Calculation Agent if no quotations are obtained). 
How is the Credit Event Loss Amount determined if Fixed Recovery Settlement applies? 
If “Fixed Recovery Settlement” is specified as applicable then, following the occurrence of a Credit Event and 
relevant Event Determination Date, the Credit Event Loss Amount shall be calculated using the “Fixed 
Recovery Percentage” set out in the relevant Pricing Terms, which may be zero. 
How much will Noteholders receive if the Notes are partially redeemed following a Restructuring 
Credit Event? 
If a Restructuring Credit Event occurs with respect to the Notes, and it constitutes an M(M)R Restructuring as 
elected in the Pricing Terms, the Swap Counterparty may elect to trigger a partial redemption of the Notes in 
respect thereof. The Swap Counterparty has the right to decide whether it will exercise a partial redemption of 
such Notes. This mirrors the right of the protection buyer to trigger partial settlement following the occurrence 
of an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event under a credit default swap. The Early Redemption Amount payable 
to Noteholders will reflect such partial redemption of the Credit Linked Notes. 
What interest payments will Noteholders receive after the occurrence of a Credit Event? 
If an applicable Credit Event and related Event Determination Date occur, interest shall cease to accrue on a 
portion thereof equal to the Applicable Proportion (for further information see “What is the Applicable 
Proportion?” below)) from and including the Interest Payment Date preceding such occurrence of the Event 
Determination Date or, (if no such Interest Payment Date exists), the Interest Commencement Date. 
If a Credit Event and Event Determination Date have not occurred, will I receive payments of interest 
on each Interest Payment Date? 
The Issuer’s obligation to make payment of interest on a specified Interest Payment Date may be suspended 
pursuant to Additional CLN Condition 3 (Interest on Credit Linked Notes) if (i) an Applicable DC Credit Event 
Question has been made on or prior to an Interest Payment Date and the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has not yet Resolved such question or the DC Secretary has not yet announced that the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee will not be convening or (ii) the Calculation Agent determines that facts 
exist which may amount to a Credit Event, then any interest payable under the Credit Linked Notes will be

--- Page 292 ---
ANNEX TO THE CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
292
suspended or where the applicable Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring, on a portion thereof (or, in the 
case of Linear Basket CLNs, in relation to a portion of such Note equal to the Reference Entity Notional 
Amount of the Reference Entity in respect of which a potential Credit Event may occur) or where the 
applicable Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring, on a portion thereof equal to the Applicable Proportion. 
If payments of interest are suspended when will the Issuer’s obligations to make such payments 
resume? 
Noteholders will not receive payment of such suspended interest amount until (i) an Applicable DC Credit 
Event Announcement is made but the Calculation Agent determines that the Event Determination Date is 
falling after the Suspended Interest Payment Date, (ii) an Applicable DC No Credit Event Announcement is 
made, (iii) unless a Credit Event Notice has been delivered, an Applicable DC Credit Event Question 
Dismissal is made or the DC Secretary announces that the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will 
not be convening, or (iv) the Calculation Agent determines that a potential Credit Event has not occurred. The 
Noteholders will be paid the suspended interest amount five Reference Business Days following the date of 
the relevant announcement by the DC Secretary or the Calculation agent’s determination, as applicable. 
Will Noteholders receive an additional amount of interest once the Issuer’s obligation to make interest 
payments resumes? 
No additional amount of interest will be payable to the Noteholders by the Issuer in connection with the delay 
or postponement in payment of an interest amount. 
What if a Credit Event and Event Determination Date are determined to have occurred during the 
period when interest payments were suspended? 
If an Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement is made and the corresponding Event Determination Date 
falls on or prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date then the suspended interest amount will no longer be 
due under the Credit Linked Notes and interest will be deemed to cease to accrue on the Notes (or, in the 
case of Linear Basket CLNs, a portion thereof equal to the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the 
Reference Entity in respect of which an Event Determination Date has occurred) from and including the 
Interest Payment Date immediately preceding such Event Determination Date (or, the Interest 
Commencement Date if there is no immediately preceding Interest Payment Date). 
What will happen to interest payments following a resumption of the Issuer’s obligations to make 
interest payments if the applicable Credit Event and Event Determination Date relate to an M(M)R 
Restructuring? 
If an Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement is made and the corresponding Credit Event is an M(M)R 
Restructuring Credit Event, (i) the proportion of the suspended interest amount which relates to the Applicable 
Proportion shall no longer be due under the Notes and will be deemed to have ceased to accrue from and 
including the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding such Event Determination Date (or, the Interest 
Commencement Date if there is no immediately preceding Interest Payment Date) and (ii) the remaining 
suspended interest amount will be paid to Noteholders five Reference Business Days following the date on 
which the relevant Credit Event Notice is delivered. 
Can Credit Linked Notes be redeemed after the Scheduled Maturity Date? 
Yes. If the Calculation Agent considers that on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, one or more 
Reference Entities is or may be subject to (i) a Credit Event, (ii) if “Grace Period Extension” is specified as 
being applicable in the relevant Pricing Terms, a Potential Failure to pay, or (iii) if “Repudiation/Moratorium” is 
specified as being applicable in the relevant Pricing Terms, a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, then each 
Credit Linked Note then outstanding shall not be redeemed on the Scheduled Maturity Date but shall be 
redeemed on the Extended Maturity Date. No additional amounts of interest or otherwise will accrue or be 
payable as a result of the Notes redeeming on the Extended Maturity Date.

--- Page 293 ---
ANNEX TO THE CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
293
How do changes in share prices of any Reference Entity affect the value of the Notes? 
Taking credit risk on the Reference Entity by purchasing Notes is different from taking equity risk by investing 
in shares of the Reference Entity. There are a number of reasons for this. For example: 
(a) 
credit derivatives reference debt obligations of the Reference Entity, and a Reference Entity must 
generally pay amounts due to the creditors on these debt obligations before paying dividends or 
capital to shareholders; 
(b) 
the obligations of the Reference Entity referenced by the Notes consist of bonds and other debt; 
holders of this type of debt will generally rank ahead of holders of ordinary shares in the insolvency of 
a Reference Entity, and so may have (but are not guaranteed) a higher rate of recovery of moneys 
due to them; 
(c) 
because the Notes reference these debt obligations, the market value of the Notes is related to 
(although not necessarily equal to) the value of these debt obligations; and 
(d) 
there is no direct link between share prices and the value of the Notes. 
However, in some circumstances, change in the share price of the Reference Entity may result in or from, at a 
general level, a change in the market value of its debt and vice versa. 
What is the Applicable Proportion? 
The Applicable Proportion for determining the amount payable on redemption or partial redemption of a Credit 
Linked Note following the occurrence of a Credit Event will be: 
(a) 
if the Credit Linked Note is a Single Name CLN and redemption is not as a result of an M(M)R 
Restructuring Credit Event, 100 per cent.; 
(b) 
if the Credit Linked Note is a Linear Basket CLN and redemption is not as a result of an M(M)R 
Restructuring Credit Event, the weighting of the Affected Reference Entity; or 
(c) 
if the redemption is as a result of an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event: 
(i) 
in the case of a Single Name CLN, an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the (x) 
final Exercise Amount (as at the Exercise Cut-off Date) elected by the Swap Counterparty 
relating to the Affected Reference Entity, divided by (y) the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Credit Linked Notes; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Linear Basket CLN, an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (x) the 
final Exercise Amount (as at the Exercise Cut-off Date) elected by the Swap Counterparty 
relating to the Affected Reference Entity, multiplied by (y) the weighting of the Affected 
Reference Entity, divided by (z) the relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount. 
What are the Financial Reference Entity Terms? 
“Financial Reference Entity Terms” are certain provisions of Credit Linked Notes which apply to certain 
Reference Entities that are financial institutions. The impact of such terms being applicable include that “Asset 
Package Credit Event” may apply and that when determining whether a Credit Event or succession has 
occurred, separate determinations may be made for senior and subordinated Reference Entity Obligations. 
What is Asset Package Delivery? 
If (a) a Restructuring Credit Event (which does not constitute a Governmental Intervention) or a Governmental 
Intervention Credit Event occurs, or (b) a Restructuring Credit Event occurs with respect to a Sovereign, such 
a Credit Event will constitute an “Asset Package Credit Event”. In those circumstances, (unless, in respect of 
a Sovereign Reference Entity, Asset Package Delivery has been specified not to apply in the relevant Pricing 
Terms), the obligations or assets used to determine the Auction Final Price or Final Price, as the case may

--- Page 294 ---
ANNEX TO THE CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
294
be, (i.e. the “Asset Package”) will be those assets received or retained by a Relevant Holder after the relevant 
Credit Event by reference to: 
(i) 
in respect of (a) above, either an obligation of the Reference Entity which existed immediately prior to 
the Asset Package Credit Event which would have constituted a Deliverable Obligation, or the 
Reference Obligation (i.e. a “Prior Deliverable Obligation”); or 
(ii) 
in respect of (b) above, a benchmark obligation of the relevant Sovereign identified as such by ISDA 
and published on its website which immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event would have 
constituted a Deliverable Obligation (i.e. a “Package Observable Bond”). 
Is the Auction Final Price subject to change? 
Yes. The Calculation Agent has the discretion to adjust the Auction Final Price for any Asset Package if it 
determines that the Auction Final Price does not reflect the price for the entire Asset Package and in doing so 
the Calculation Agent may, but is not obliged to, have regard to any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement 
Terms published by ISDA to settle credit derivatives transactions following an Asset Package Credit Event. 
If the Calculation Agent decides to amend the Auction Final Price in such circumstances any corresponding 
adjustment to the price must comply with provisions of Additional CLN Condition 6(c) (Auction Final Price of 
the Asset Package) which includes the Calculation Agent (i) preserving the economic effects of the terms of 
the Credit Linked Notes and (ii) not taking into account any method of determining the Asset Market Value of 
any Asset that is a Non-Transferable Instrument or a Non-Financial Instrument forming part of the Asset 
Package but that has not been taken into account in the Auction Final Price published by the Administrator (as 
defined in the Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms). The Calculation Agent is also under a duty 
to act in good faith when making such determination pursuant to Additional CLN Condition 1(e) (Determination 
Standard of the Calculation Agent). 
What are the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees and how do they affect the Notes? 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees were established by ISDA in March 2009 to make 
determinations that are relevant to the majority of the credit derivatives market and to promote transparency 
and consistency. Noteholders will have no role in the composition of the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee by virtue of the fact that they are investors in the Notes. 
Prospective Noteholders should note that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has the power to 
make binding decisions which the Calculation Agent may determine are applicable for the purposes of the 
Notes on critical issues, including: 
(a) 
the occurrence of a Credit Event and Event Determination Date; 
(b) 
whether one or more Auctions will be held in respect of the Reference Entity for which a Credit Event 
has occurred and the price determined in such Auction; 
(c) 
if one or more Auctions is to be held, what Deliverable Obligations of the Reference Entity will be used 
for the purposes of determining the price for each such Auction; and 
(d) 
the identity of any “Successors”. 
Consequently, Noteholders will be bound by any such relevant decisions determined to be applicable to the 
Notes and the payments on the Notes and the timing of any such payments may be affected by such 
decisions or determinations. Questions referred to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and the 
results of binding votes will be published on https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/. 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees are regional and there is a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee for each of the following five regions: the Americas, Asia (excluding Japan), 
Australia and New Zealand, Europe, the Middle East and Africa and Japan.

--- Page 295 ---
ANNEX TO THE CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
295
The proceedings of each Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will be governed by rules published 
from time to time by ISDA. A copy of such rules is available as at the date of this Base Prospectus free of 
charge at https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/. 
Each Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee is comprised of both dealer and non-dealer members, 
including some consultative members without voting rights, with some members appointed on a global basis 
and some only to particular Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees. Details of the current members of 
each 
Credit 
Derivatives 
Determinations 
Committee 
are 
available 
at 
https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/. 
Is it possible to change a Reference Entity? 
The Reference Entity may not be changed unless a “Successor” determination has been made with respect to 
the Reference Entity on or after the “Successor Backstop Date” (or, in the case of a “Universal Successor”, on 
or after 1 January 2014). 
A “Universal Successor” means, with respect to any Reference Entity, the single entity which assumes all of 
the obligations (including at least one relevant bond or loan) of the Reference Entity and at the time of the 
determination either (A) the Reference Entity has ceased to exist, or (B) the Reference Entity is in the process 
of being dissolved (however described) and the Reference Entity has not issued or incurred any borrowed 
money obligation at any time since the legally effective date of the assumption. 
What is a “Successor” to the Reference Entity and how can succession affect the Notes? 
If the DC Secretary publicly announces that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has resolved that 
a different entity or entities has or have become successor(s) to the original Reference Entity to which the 
Notes are linked, then such entity may be identified as a “Successor” to the original Reference Entity. The 
Calculation Agent may also, after becoming aware of a succession, identify an entity or entities as a 
successor(s) to the original Reference Entity. 
The identity of the original Reference Entity will be treated as having been amended accordingly for the 
purposes of the Notes so that, following the determination or announcement of a “Successor”, the Notes will 
be linked to the credit risk of the Successor. The credit risk associated with a Successor or Successors may 
be different from and could be greater than the credit risk associated with the original Reference Entity. 
The events which may lead to the determination or announcement of a Successor may occur at any time from 
and including the “Successor Backstop Date” (or, in the case of a “Universal Successor”, on or after 1 January 
2014), which is a rolling date that is: 
(a) 
if a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee receives a request to resolve whether or not there is 
one or more Successors to the Reference Entity, 90 calendar days prior to the date of such request 
(regardless of whether the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee resolves to determine such 
matter or not); or 
(b) 
otherwise, 90 calendar days prior to the date on which notice of the occurrence of a succession is 
delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer. 
Can a succession occur prior to the Issue Date? 
Yes. A succession may occur prior to the Issue Date of the Credit Linked Notes and may even occur prior to 
the Trade Date specified in the applicable Pricing Terms. The Successor Backstop Date may fall prior to the 
Trade Date and accordingly a succession may occur prior to the Trade Date. 
Noteholders should conduct their own review of any recent developments with respect to the Reference Entity 
by consulting publicly available information. If a request has been delivered to convene a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee prior to the Trade Date to determine whether a succession has occurred with

--- Page 296 ---
ANNEX TO THE CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
296
respect to the Reference Entity, details of such request may be found on the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee website https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/. 
Does the Calculation Agent have unfettered discretion to determine a Successor? 
No. Although the Calculation Agent has the right to make a determination as to whether or not a succession 
event has occurred, the Calculation Agent will not make such determination if a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has already determined that there is no Successor based on the relevant 
succession to Relevant Obligations. 
What rights and options does the Swap Counterparty have in respect of Credit Linked Notes? 
Noteholders should note that the Swap Counterparty will be entitled to exercise certain rights and options that 
would be exercisable by the protection buyer under a credit default swap which may affect the returns on the 
Notes including: 
(a) 
in the absence of a resolution by a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee as to whether a 
Credit Event has occurred in relation to the relevant Reference Entity, electing whether to deliver a 
Credit Event Notice and supporting information in order to trigger settlement of the Notes following the 
occurrence of a Credit Event; and 
(b) 
in the context of certain Restructuring Credit Events, where a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has determined that a Restructuring Credit Event has occurred, (i) determining whether to 
deliver a Credit Event Notice and supporting information in order to trigger settlement of the Credit 
Linked Notes following the occurrence of a Restructuring Credit Event, (ii) in certain circumstances 
following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring, to elect under the credit default swap the 
nominal amount of Credit Linked Notes to which such M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event applies (the 
amount so specified, the “Exercise Amount”) and (iii) in certain circumstances following the 
occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring, provided that such Exercise Amount is less than (subject to a 
minimum) the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Affected Reference Entity immediately prior to 
the delivery of the Credit Event Notice, the Swap Counterparty may subsequently elect to increase 
such Exercise Amount in respect of such M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event by giving notice to the 
Issuer at any time prior to the Exercise Cut-Off Date. 
What are some of the key determinations that the Calculation Agent is responsible for making in 
relation to Credit Linked Notes? 
Noteholders should note that the Calculation Agent is responsible for making certain determinations with 
respect to the Notes. 
The Calculation Agent is responsible for: 
(a) 
determining whether an Auction would apply for the purposes of the Notes; 
(b) 
where there are multiple Auctions held concurrently, determining the Auction which will apply to the 
Notes; 
(c) 
where the Credit Event Loss Amount is not determined by an Auction, determining the Credit Event 
Loss Amount on the basis of firm bid quotations from third party dealers; 
(d) 
where the Credit Event Loss Amount is not determined by an Auction, (i) determining a date or dates 
for the valuation of certain eligible obligations, (ii) selecting the relevant eligible obligations, and (iii) 
selecting third party dealers (if no Quotation Dealers are specified in the applicable Pricing Terms) 
from which to obtain firm bid quotations for the purposes of such valuation; 
(e) 
absent publication of Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee resolution, determining successor 
Reference Entities for the purposes of the Notes;

--- Page 297 ---
ANNEX TO THE CLN CONDITIONS SUPPLEMENT COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
297
(f) 
absent publication of a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee resolution, determining 
substitute Reference Obligation(s) for the purposes of the Notes; 
(g) 
determining whether, under the terms of the Credit Linked Notes, the obligations of the parties would 
be suspended pending a resolution of a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee; 
(h) 
following the occurrence of an Event Determination Date, where a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee resolves that an Event Determination Date occurred on a date that is different from the 
date first determined or that no Event Determination Date occurred, determining, acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner, any additional amount payable to the Noteholder(s) or any 
reduction in any subsequent amount that would otherwise subsequently be payable to the 
Noteholders; and 
(i) 
where applicable, determining the Extended Maturity Date, which, provided that an Event 
Determination Date does not occur, will be a date falling no later than five Reference Business Days 
following the Notes Extension Date. 
Noteholders should note that any determination and/or calculation made by the Calculation Agent shall, in the 
absence of manifest error, be final, conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders.

--- Page 298 ---
USE OF PROCEEDS 
298
USE OF PROCEEDS
The net proceeds of each issue, or entry into, of a Tranche will be used by the relevant Issuer to purchase the 
Original Collateral specified in the Accessory Conditions for such Tranche (which may be from the Vendor 
pursuant to the Collateral Sale Agreement), to make any payment under any Swap Agreement relating thereto 
and/or to make any payment under any Repo Agreement relating thereto and/or to make any payment under 
any SL Agreement relating thereto, unless otherwise specified in the Accessory Conditions for such Tranche. 
Any initial payment due from any Swap Counterparty under any Swap Agreement and/or due from any Repo 
Counterparty under any Repo Agreement and/or due from any SL Counterparty under any SL Agreement 
relating to a Tranche of Notes will also be used in acquiring the relevant Original Collateral and, where 
applicable, in making payment of certain upfront costs and expenses, unless otherwise specified in the 
Accessory Conditions for such Tranche.

--- Page 299 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE JERSEY ISSUER 
299
DESCRIPTION OF THE JERSEY ISSUER
General 
The Jersey Issuer was incorporated as a private company under the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 (as 
amended) on 8 December 2022 under the name Mintaka Limited with registration number 146594.  
The Jersey Issuer is a special purpose vehicle established for the purpose of raising of money by issuing 
Notes or entering into certain other obligations, in each case for the purposes of purchasing or achieving 
exposure to assets and entering into related derivatives and other contracts. 
The registered office of the Jersey Issuer is at 2nd Floor, Sir Walter Raleigh House, 48-50 Esplanade, St. 
Helier, JE2 3QB, Jersey.  
Mintaka Limited has established a branch in Japan (the “Japanese Branch”) on 20 February 2023, which 
was registered and accepted by the Tokyo Legal Affairs Bureau on 27 February 2023, and has appointed Mr 
Masaki Aguni as the representative of the Japanese Branch pursuant to a power of attorney dated 24 August 
2023. The Jersey Issuer may conduct future business in Japan through the Japanese Branch including, 
without limitation, the sale, purchase, administration or entry into of loans and may do all things necessary for 
or pertaining to such sale, purchase or administration. 
Share Capital and Shareholders 
The authorised share capital of the Jersey Issuer is USD 50,000 divided into 50,000 ordinary shares of USD 1 
each, two of which have been issued. All of the issued shares (the “Mintaka Shares”) are fully-paid and are 
held by Maples Trustees (Jersey) Limited as share trustee (in such capacity, the “Jersey Share Trustee”) 
under the terms of a declaration of trust (the “Mintaka Declaration of Trust”) under which the Jersey Share 
Trustee holds the Mintaka Shares in trust until the Termination Date (as defined in the Mintaka Declaration of 
Trust). Prior to the Termination Date, the trust is an accumulation trust, but the Jersey Share Trustee has 
power to benefit the Qualified Charities (as defined in the Mintaka Declaration of Trust). It is not anticipated 
that any distribution will be made whilst any Note is outstanding. Following the Termination Date, the Jersey 
Share Trustee will wind up the trust and make a final distribution to charity. The Jersey Share Trustee has no 
beneficial interest in, and derives no benefit (other than its fee for acting as Jersey Share Trustee) from, its 
holding of the Mintaka Shares.
Business and Purpose
The Jersey Issuer has no prior operating history or prior business and will not have any substantial assets or 
liabilities other than in connection with the Notes. 
So long as any Note is outstanding, the Jersey Issuer will be subject to the restrictions set out in “Master 
Conditions – Condition 6 (Restrictions)”, the relevant Issue Deed and up to date memorandum and articles of 
association of the Jersey Issuer dated 8 December 2022 (the “Articles”). 
The Jersey Issuer shall not, except as otherwise provided for or contemplated in the Conditions or any 
Transaction Document, engage in any business (other than issuing or entering into Obligations, entering into 
related agreements and transactions, the acquisition and holding of related assets and performing acts 
incidental thereto or necessary in connection therewith), subject always to the restrictions set out in the Trust 
Deed and the Conditions. 
There is no limitation on the number of Series which the Jersey Issuer may have outstanding at any time.

--- Page 300 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE JERSEY ISSUER 
300
The Jersey Issuer’s obligations under Notes issued by it under the Programme are obligations of the Jersey 
Issuer alone and not of, or guaranteed in anyway by, the Trustee or any other party. Furthermore, they are not 
obligations of, or guaranteed in any way by any Dealer or any Transaction Party. 
The only assets of the Jersey Issuer available to meet the claims of the holders of or counterparties to Notes 
will be the assets which comprise the Mortgaged Property for the relevant Series, as described in the 
Conditions. 
Assets and Liabilities
The general estate of the Jersey Issuer has, and will have, no assets other than the sum of USD2 
representing the issued and paid-up share capital and any amounts held that are to be used in paying costs 
of, or incurred by or on behalf of, the Jersey Issuer with respect to the Programme generally (and not solely 
with respect to a particular Series). 
Save in respect of any amounts held that are to be used in paying costs of, or incurred by or on behalf of, the 
Jersey Issuer with respect to the Programme generally (and not solely with respect to a particular Series) and 
the proceeds of any deposits made from such amounts or from amounts representing the Jersey Issuer's 
issued and paid-up share capital, the Jersey Issuer will not accumulate any surpluses in its general estate.  
Directors and Secretary
The Directors of the Jersey Issuer are as follows: 
Name 
Principal Occupation 
Joe Betts 
Vice President 
Robert James Lucas 
Senior Vice President 
The business address of each of the Directors is 2nd Floor, Sir Walter Raleigh House, 48-50 Esplanade, St. 
Helier, JE2 3QB, Jersey. 
No corporate governance regime to which the Jersey Issuer would be subject exists in Jersey as at the date 
of this Base Prospectus. 
The Jersey Issuer, acting on its own and without input or influence from the Trustee or any other person, has 
selected the directors listed above. 
The secretary of the Jersey Issuer is Maples Company Secretary (Jersey) Limited of 2nd Floor, Sir Walter 
Raleigh House, 48-50 Esplanade, St Helier, JE2 3QB, Jersey.  
Corporate Services Provider 
Maples Fiduciary Services (Jersey) Limited is the corporate services provider to the Jersey Issuer (in such 
capacity, the “Jersey CSP”). The office of the Jersey CSP will serve as the general business office of the 
Jersey Issuer. Through the office, and pursuant to the terms of an administration agreement entered into 
between the Jersey Issuer and the Jersey CSP (the “CSP Agreement”), the Jersey CSP will perform in 
Jersey or such other jurisdiction as may be agreed by the parties from time to time various management 
functions on behalf of the Jersey Issuer and the provision of certain clerical, administrative and other services 
until termination of the CSP Agreement. The Jersey CSP will also provide registered office facilities to the 
Jersey Issuer under the terms of the CSP Agreement. In consideration of the foregoing, the Jersey CSP will 
receive various fees payable by the Jersey Issuer at rates agreed upon from time to time, plus expenses. The 
terms of the CSP Agreement provide that either the Jersey Issuer or the Jersey CSP may terminate such

--- Page 301 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE JERSEY ISSUER 
301
agreements upon the occurrence of certain stated events, including any breach by a party of its obligations 
under such agreements. 
The Jersey CSP will be subject to the overview of the Jersey Issuer's directors. 
The Jersey CSP’s principal office is 2nd Floor, Sir Walter Raleigh House, 48-50 Esplanade, St Helier, JE2 
3QB. 
The AML Services Provider
Maples Fiduciary Services (Jersey) Limited provides certain services to the Jersey Issuer in connection with 
the Jersey Issuer's obligations under Jersey’s anti-money laundering regulations (in such capacity, the “AML 
Services Provider”) pursuant to the terms of an AML Services Agreement entered into between the Jersey 
Issuer and the AML Services Provider (the “AML Services Agreement”). Under the terms of the AML 
Services Agreement, the AML Services Provider will provide the services prescribed under the AML Services 
Agreement until termination of the AML Services Agreement. In consideration of the foregoing, the AML 
Services Provider will receive various fees payable by the Jersey Issuer at rates agreed upon from time to 
time, plus expenses. The terms of the AML Services Agreement provide that either the Jersey Issuer or the 
AML Services Provider may terminate such agreement upon the occurrence of certain stated events, 
including any breach by the other party of its obligations under such agreement. In addition, the AML Services 
Agreement provides that either party shall be entitled to terminate such agreement by giving at least three 
months’ notice in writing to the other party. 
The AML Services Provider is subject to the overview of the Jersey Issuer's Board of Directors. 
The AML Services Provider principal office is 2nd Floor, Sir Walter Raleigh House, 48-50 Esplanade, St 
Helier, JE2 3QB. 
Accounting Year
The accounting year of the Jersey Issuer runs from 1 January to 31 December in each year.  
Financial Statements
Since the date of incorporation, no financial statements of the Jersey Issuer have been prepared. The Jersey 
Issuer is not required by Jersey law, and does not intend, to publish audited financial statements or appoint 
any auditors. The accounts of the Jersey Issuer will not be subject to audit. 
Special Purpose Vehicle
The Jersey Issuer’s sole business is the raising of money by issuing Notes or entering into certain other 
obligations, in each case for the purposes of purchasing assets and entering into related derivatives and other 
contracts. The Jersey Issuer has covenanted (amongst other things) not, so long as any Note is outstanding, 
without the prior written consent of the Trustee or the sanction of an Extraordinary Resolution, and except as 
provided for or contemplated in the Conditions or any Transaction Document, to engage in any business other 
than the issuance or entry into of Obligations, the entry into of related agreements and transactions, the 
acquisition and holding of related assets and the performing of acts incidental thereto or necessary in 
connection therewith, and provided that:  
(i) 
such Obligations are secured on assets of the Jersey Issuer other than any fees paid to the Jersey 
Issuer (for its own account) in connection with the Notes or other Obligations and any assets securing 
any other Obligations (other than Equivalent Obligations) of the Jersey Issuer; 
(ii) 
such Obligations and any related agreements contain limited recourse and non-petition provisions; and

--- Page 302 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE JERSEY ISSUER 
302
(iii) 
the terms of such Obligations comply with all applicable laws. 
In addition, the Jersey Issuer will be subject to certain other restrictions including that it will (amongst other 
things) not, without the prior written consent of the Trustee or the sanction of an Extraordinary Resolution, 
have any subsidiaries (although it may establish branches in jurisdictions other than its jurisdiction of 
incorporation) or employees, purchase, own, lease or otherwise acquire any real property, consolidate or 
merge with any other person or convey or transfer its properties or assets substantially as an entirety to any 
person (other than as contemplated by the Conditions) or issue any shares or declare any distributions or 
dividends thereon (other than such shares as are in issue at the date hereof, and any distributions or 
dividends thereon).

--- Page 303 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE IRISH ISSUER 
303
DESCRIPTION OF THE IRISH ISSUER
General
The Irish Issuer is a special purpose vehicle established for the purpose of raising of money by issuing Notes 
or entering into certain other obligations, in each case for the purposes of purchasing or achieving exposure to 
assets and entering into related derivatives and other contracts. The Irish Issuer was incorporated in Ireland 
as a public limited company on 24 March 2006, registered number 417608 under the name Premium Green 
PLC, under the Companies Acts 1963-2005 of Ireland. The Legal Entity Identifier of the Irish Issuer is: 
5493000S7VTDPDFJCP28. 
The registered office of the Issuer is at 3rd Floor, Block 5, Irish Life Centre, 1 Abbey Street Lower, Dublin 1, 
Ireland.  
Share Capital and Shareholders
The authorised share capital of the Irish Issuer is EUR 40,000 divided into 40,000 ordinary shares of par value 
EUR 1 each (the “PG Shares”). The Irish Issuer has issued 40,000 PG Shares, all of which are fully paid and 
are held on trust for charitable purposes by or on behalf of Apex Group Trustee Services Limited (formerly 
Sanne Trustee Services Limited) (the “Irish Share Trustee”) under the terms of a declaration of trust (as 
amended) originally dated 6 April 2006. The Irish Share Trustee has no beneficial interest in and derives no 
benefit (other than any fees for acting as Irish Share Trustee) from its holding of the PG Shares. The Irish 
Share Trustee will apply any income derived from the Irish Issuer solely for the purposes set out below. 
Business and Purpose 
The principal objects of the Irish Issuer are set forth in clause 3 of its Memorandum of Association and 
include, inter alia, the power to issue securities and to raise or borrow money, to grant security over its assets 
for such purposes, to lend with or without security and to enter into derivative transactions.  
Pursuant to a deed of accession dated 6 April 2006, the Irish Issuer acceded as an issuer to the Premium 
multi Issuer Asset Backed Medium Term Note Programme pursuant to which it could issue asset backed 
notes and other asset backed obligations in and/or other secured obligations including, without limitation, 
loans, options, warrants, certificates, murabaha transactions, deposits, mudaraba transactions, letters of 
credit, derivative transactions, contracts for the sale and/or purchase of assets, investment agreements, 
repurchase transactions, securities lending transactions, guarantees or a combination of the foregoing (the 
“Premium Programme”). The Premium Programme was arranged by Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank. The Irish Issuer has a substantial number of series of notes (with related derivative 
transactions) outstanding as at the date of this Base Prospectus under the Premium Programme. Each series 
of notes or other obligations issued under the Premium Programme are ring-fenced, secured asset backed 
transactions that contain limited recourse and non-petition provisions that have substantially the same effect 
as Master Condition 17 (Limited Recourse and Non-Petition) under this Programme. Pursuant to the 
Programme Deed, the Premium Programme is being updated on the date of this Base Prospectus. From the 
date hereof, the Irish Issuer will only issue Obligations under the Master Terms but will continue to act as 
issuer under the outstanding series under the documentation relating to such series. 
So long as any Obligations are outstanding, the Irish Issuer will be subject to the restrictions set out in “Master 
Conditions – Condition 6 (Restrictions)”, the relevant Issue Deed, the PG Constitution and the terms of any 
covenants in any previous series issued under the Premium Programme. 
The Irish Issuer shall not, except as otherwise provided for or contemplated in the Conditions or any 
Transaction Document or with respect to any legacy transaction under the Premium Programme, engage in

--- Page 304 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE IRISH ISSUER 
304
any business (other than issuing or entering into Obligations, entering into related agreements and 
transactions, the acquisition and holding of related assets and performing acts incidental thereto or necessary 
in connection therewith), subject always to the restrictions set out in the Trust Deed and the Conditions. 
There is no limitation on the number of Series which the Irish Issuer may have outstanding at any time. 
The Irish Issuer’s obligations under each Series issued by it under the Programme are obligations of the Irish 
Issuer alone and not of, or guaranteed in anyway by, the Trustee, or any Dealer or any other party. 
The only assets of the Irish Issuer available to meet the claims of the holders of or counterparties to Notes or 
any other Obligations will be the assets which comprise the Mortgaged Property for the relevant Series, as 
described in the Conditions. 
Assets and Liabilities
The general estate of the Irish Issuer has, and will have, no assets other than the remaining proceeds from its 
issued and paid-up share capital, any fees the Irish Issuer received from the issue of notes under the 
Premium Programme or Obligations under the Programme and any amounts held that are to be used in 
paying costs of, or incurred by or on behalf of, the Irish Issuer with respect to the Premium Programme or the 
Programme generally (and not solely with respect to a particular Series). 
Save in respect of any amounts held that are to be used in paying costs of, or incurred by or on behalf of, the 
Irish Issuer with respect to the Premium Programme or the Programme generally (and not solely with respect 
to a particular Series) and the proceeds of any deposits made from such amounts and from amounts 
representing the Irish Issuer’s remaining paid-up share capital and from any fees the Irish Issuer has received 
from the issue of Notes under the Premium Programme or will receive under the Programme, the Irish Issuer 
will not accumulate any surpluses in its general estate. 
Directors and Secretary 
The Directors of the Irish Issuer are as follows: 
Name 
Principal Occupation 
Mark Kinsella 
Employee of the Apex Group 
Karl Rohloff  
Employee of the Apex Group 
The business address of each of the Directors is 3rd Floor, Block 5, Irish Life Centre, 1 Abbey Street Lower, 
Dublin 1, Ireland.  
The Irish Issuer acting on its own and without input or influence from the Trustee or any other person, has 
selected the directors listed above. 
The company secretary of the Irish Issuer is Apex Group Capital Markets Ireland Limited of 3rd Floor, Block 5, 
Irish Life Centre, 1 Abbey Street Lower, Dublin 1, Ireland.  
Corporate Services Provider 
Apex Group Capital Markets Ireland Limited (formerly Sanne Capital Markets Ireland Limited) (the “Irish 
CSP”), the Irish company, acts as the corporate services provider for the Irish Issuer. Pursuant to the terms of 
an amended and restated corporate services agreement entered into on or about 25 July 2014 between the 
Irish Issuer, the Irish CSP and Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, (the “PG Corporate Services 
Agreement”), the Irish CSP performs various management functions on behalf of the Irish Issuer, including 
the provision of certain clerical, reporting, accounting, administrative and other services until termination of the

--- Page 305 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE IRISH ISSUER 
305
PG Corporate Services Agreement. In consideration of the foregoing, the Irish CSP receives various fees and 
other charges payable by the Irish Issuer at rates agreed upon from time to time plus expenses. The terms of 
the PG Corporate Services Agreement provide that any party may terminate the PG Corporate Services 
Agreement upon the occurrence of certain stated events, including any material breach by either the Irish 
Issuer or the Irish CSP of its obligations under the PG Corporate Services Agreement which is either 
incapable of remedy or which is not cured within 30 days from the date on which it was notified of such 
breach. In addition, any party may terminate the PG Corporate Services Agreement at any time by giving at 
least 30 days written notice to the other parties. The PG Corporate Services Agreement contains provisions 
for the appointment of a successor corporate services provider. 
Accounting Year
The accounting year of the Irish Issuer runs from 1 April to 31 March in each year. 
Financial Statements
The Irish Issuer’s audited financial statements in respect of the periods ending on 31 March 2021 and 31 
March 2022 have been filed with Euronext Dublin.  
The auditors of the Irish Issuer are Grant Thornton Ireland of 13-18 City Quay, Dublin, D02 ED70, Ireland who 
are chartered accountants and are members of the Institute of Chartered Accountants and registered auditors 
qualified to practise in Ireland. 
Special Purpose Vehicle
The Irish Issuer’s sole business is the raising of money by issuing notes or entering into certain other 
obligations, in each case for the purposes of purchasing assets and entering into related derivatives and other 
contracts. The Irish Issuer has covenanted (amongst other things) not, so long as any Note is outstanding, 
without the prior written consent of the Trustee or the sanction of an Extraordinary Resolution, and except as 
provided for or contemplated in the Conditions or any Transaction Document, to engage in any business other 
than the issuance or entry into of Obligations, the entry into of related agreements and transactions, the 
acquisition and holding of related assets and the performing of acts incidental thereto or necessary in 
connection therewith, and provided that: 
(i) 
such Obligations are secured on assets of the Issuer other than any fees paid to the Issuer (for its own 
account) in connection with the Notes or other Obligations and any assets securing any other 
Obligations (other than Equivalent Obligations) of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
such Obligations and any related agreements contain limited recourse and non-petition provisions; and 
(iii) 
the terms of such Obligations comply with all applicable laws. 
However, as the Irish Issuer has notes and other obligations outstanding under the Premium Programme prior 
to its update by the Programme Deed, it is permitted without Noteholder or Trustee consent, to act in 
accordance with the documentation under those series and the Premium Programme. 
In addition, the Irish Issuer will be subject to certain other restrictions including that it will (amongst other 
things) not, without the prior written consent of the Trustee or the sanction of an Extraordinary Resolution, 
have any subsidiaries or employees, purchase, own, lease or otherwise acquire any real property, consolidate 
or merge with any other person or convey or transfer its properties or assets substantially as an entirety to any 
person (other than as contemplated by the Conditions) or issue any shares or declare any distributions or 
dividends thereon (other than such shares as are in issue at the date hereof, and any distributions or 
dividends thereon).

--- Page 306 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE SWAP COUNTERPARTY, THE REPO COUNTERPARTY AND THE SL 
COUNTERPARTY 
306
DESCRIPTION OF THE SWAP COUNTERPARTY, THE REPO COUNTERPARTY AND THE 
SL COUNTERPARTY
The information set out below has been obtained from Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank. Such 
information has been accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuers are aware and able to ascertain from 
information published by Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, no facts have been omitted that 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Name 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Address 
12, place des Etats-Unis, CS 70052, 92547 Montrouge Cedex, France 
Country of incorporation 
France 
Nature of business 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank is a credit institution approved in France and authorised to 
conduct all banking operations and provide all investment and related services referred to in the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier). In this respect, Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank is subject to oversight of the European and French responsible supervisory authorities, 
particularly the European Central Bank and the French Prudential and Resolution Supervisory Authority 
(ACPR).  
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank is the corporate and investment banking arm of the Crédit 
Agricole Group. 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank offers banking services to its customers on a global basis. Its 
main activities are financing, capital markets and investment banking and wealth management:  
(i) 
financing activities, which include corporate banking in France and internationally and structured 
finance: financing of projects, financing of aeronautics, financing of shipping, financing of acquisitions, 
financing of real estate; 
(ii) 
capital markets and investment banking activities bring together capital market activities (treasury, 
foreign exchange, interest rate derivatives, debt markets), and investment banking activities (mergers 
and acquisitions consulting and primary equity advisory); and 
(iii) 
Crédit Agricole CIB is also active in Wealth Management through its locations in France, Belgium, 
Switzerland, Luxembourg, Monaco, Spain, Brazil and Asia.
Admission to trading of securities 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank has securities admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.

--- Page 307 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CUSTODIAN 
307
DESCRIPTION OF THE CUSTODIAN
The information set out below has been obtained from HSBC Bank plc. Such information has been accurately 
reproduced and, as far as the Issuers are aware and able to ascertain from information published by HSBC 
Bank plc, no facts have been omitted that would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.
HSBC Bank plc and its subsidiaries form a group providing a range of banking products and services. 
HSBC Bank plc (formerly Midland Bank plc) was formed in England in 1836 and subsequently incorporated as 
a company limited by shares in 1880. In 1923, the company adopted the name Midland Bank Limited, which it 
held until 1982 when it re-registered as a public limited company and changed its name to Midland Bank plc. 
In 1992, Midland Bank plc became a wholly owned subsidiary undertaking of HSBC Holdings plc, whose 
Head Office is at 8 Canada Square, London E14 5HQ. HSBC Bank plc adopted its current name, changing 
from Midland Bank plc, in 1999. 
HSBC Holdings plc, the parent company of the HSBC Group (meaning HSBC Holdings plc together with its 
subsidiaries), is headquartered in London. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the HSBC Group operates 
through long-established businesses and has an international network of offices in 62 countries and territories 
in Europe, Asia, North America, Latin America and the Middle East and North Africa. The HSBC Group is one 
of the largest banking and financial services organisations in the world. As of 31 December 2022, the HSBC 
Group had total assets of US$2,966,530 million.  
The short term senior unsecured and unguaranteed obligations of HSBC Bank plc are, as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, rated P-1 by Moody's and A-1 by Standard & Poor's and HSBC Bank plc has a short term 
issuer default rating of F1+ from Fitch. The long term senior unsecured and unguaranteed obligations of 
HSBC Bank plc are rated A1 by Moody's and A+ by Standard & Poor's and HSBC Bank plc has a long term 
issuer default rating of AA- from Fitch. 
HSBC Bank plc is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct 
Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority. HSBC Bank plc's principal place of business in the United 
Kingdom is 8 Canada Square, London E14 5HQ.

--- Page 308 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRUSTEE 
308
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRUSTEE
The information set out below has been obtained from HSBC Corporate Trustee Company (UK) Limited. Such 
information has been accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuers are aware and able to ascertain from 
information published by HSBC Corporate Trustee Company (UK) Limited, no facts have been omitted that 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.
The Trustee will be HSBC Corporate Trustee Company (UK) Limited acting through its office at 8 Canada 
Square, London E14 5HQ. HSBC Corporate Trustee Company (UK) Limited was incorporated with limited 
liability in England and Wales on 7 December 2007, with company number 6447555. Its fully paid share 
capital totals £100,000. Its ultimate holding company is HSBC Holdings p.l.c., which is incorporated in 
England. The Trustee’s principal business activity is to provide trustee administration services.

--- Page 309 ---
THE SWAP AGREEMENT 
309
THE SWAP AGREEMENT
The following applies only in relation to Notes in connection with which there is a Swap Agreement.
General
In connection with the issue of the Notes, the Issuer may enter into a Swap Agreement and Credit Support 
Annex, each as specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions. Any Swap Agreement will be governed by 
the laws of England and Wales. 
In addition to the consent of the Swap Counterparty, except as provided in the Trust Deed, the terms of a 
Swap Agreement may not be amended without the consent of the Trustee. The Trustee can agree, without 
the consent of the Noteholders, to any modification which is, in its opinion, of a formal, minor or technical 
nature or to correct a manifest error. The Trustee may (subject to limits set out in the Trust Deed) also agree 
to any modification that is in its opinion not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Set out below are summaries of certain provisions of the Swap Agreement (and should be construed as 
such). 
Payments
The Swap Agreement sets out certain payments to be made from the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty and 
vice versa. Payments by the Issuer under the Swap Agreement will be limited recourse obligations and will be 
funded from sums received (i) on the issue of the relevant Notes and/or (ii) in respect of the Original Collateral 
relating to such Notes. 
The payments required between the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement are 
designed to ensure that, following the making of such payments, the Issuer will have such funds, when taken 
together with remaining amounts available to it from the issue of the relevant Notes and/or received in respect 
of the Original Collateral relating to such Notes, as are necessary for it to meet its obligations under such 
Notes and the related Transaction Documents. Such obligations may include, without limitation, its obligation: 
(i) 
to pay the purchase price for the Original Collateral relating to the relevant Series; 
(ii) 
to make payments of any Interest Amount (or any other amount payable by it by way of interest), 
Instalment Amount and Final Redemption Amount; and/or 
(iii) 
to make payment of certain fees and expenses to Agents, the Custodian, rating agencies, accountants, 
auditors or other service providers which fees and expenses are associated with or are attributable to 
such Notes. 
The exact payments due under the Swap Agreement for a particular Series will vary from Series to Series 
depending on the terms of those Series. The exact payments will be agreed between the Issuer and the Swap 
Counterparty at the time of entry into of the relevant Swap Agreement. There is no restriction upon the 
payments that may be agreed. In addition, collateral may be transferable to or from the Issuer under the 
Credit Support Annex. As with payments under the Swap Agreement, the provisions of the Credit Support 
Annex will be agreed between the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty at the time of entry into of the relevant 
Swap Agreement. There is no restriction upon the provisions that may be agreed under the Credit Support 
Annex.

--- Page 310 ---
THE SWAP AGREEMENT 
310
Events of Default
The Swap Agreement provides for certain “Events of Default” (as defined in the Swap Agreement) relating to 
the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty, the occurrence of which may lead to a termination of the Swap 
Agreement. 
The Events of Default which relate to the Issuer are limited to: 
(i) 
failure by the Issuer to make, when due, any payment or delivery under the Swap Agreement required 
to be made by it, if not remedied within the time period specified therein; 
(ii) 
failure by the Issuer to comply with or perform any agreement or obligation (other than any payment or 
delivery referred to in paragraph (i) above) to be complied with or performed by it, if not remedied within 
the time period specified therein; 
(iii) 
the Issuer disaffirming, disclaiming, repudiating or rejecting, in whole or in part, or challenging the 
validity of the Swap Agreement or any Swap Transaction thereunder; 
(iv) 
certain representations made by the Issuer in the Swap Agreement proving to be incorrect or 
misleading in any material respect when made or repeated; 
(v) 
certain bankruptcy events relating to the Issuer; and 
(vi) 
the Issuer consolidating or amalgamating with, or merging with or into, or transferring all or substantially 
all its assets to, or reorganising, reincorporating or reconstituting into or as, another entity in 
circumstances where the resulting, surviving or transferee entity fails to assume all the obligations of 
the Issuer under the Swap Agreement. 
The Events of Default which relate to the Swap Counterparty are limited to: 
(i) 
failure by the Swap Counterparty to make, when due, any payment or delivery under the Swap 
Agreement required to be made by it, if not remedied within the time period specified therein; 
(ii) 
failure by the Swap Counterparty to comply with or perform any agreement or obligation (other than any 
payment or delivery referred to in paragraph (i) above) to be complied with or performed by it, if not 
remedied within the time period specified therein; 
(iii) 
the Swap Counterparty disaffirming, disclaiming, repudiating or rejecting, in whole or in part, or 
challenging the validity of the Swap Agreement or any Swap Transaction thereunder; 
(iv) 
certain representations made by the Swap Counterparty in the Swap Agreement proving to be incorrect 
or misleading in any material respect when made or repeated; 
(v) 
certain bankruptcy events relating to the Swap Counterparty; and 
(vi) 
the Swap Counterparty consolidating or amalgamating with, or merging with or into, or transferring all 
or substantially all its assets to, or reorganising, reincorporating or reconstituting into or as, another 
entity in circumstances where (a) the resulting, surviving or transferee entity fails to assume all the 
obligations of the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement or any credit support document (for 
example, a guarantee) relating thereto or (b) the benefits of any credit support document relating to the 
Swap Agreement fail to extend (without the consent of the entity providing the credit support) to the 
performance by such resulting, surviving or transferee entity of its obligations under the Swap 
Agreement. 
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default under the Swap Agreement, the non-defaulting party may give a 
notice of termination designating an Early Termination Date in respect of all outstanding Swap Transactions 
under the Swap Agreement on the third Reference Business Day prior to the Early Redemption Date or the 
Relevant Payment Date in respect of the Series, as applicable.

--- Page 311 ---
THE SWAP AGREEMENT 
311
Termination Events
The Swap Agreement provides for certain “Termination Events” (as defined in the Swap Agreement) the 
occurrence of any of which may lead to termination of all outstanding Swap Transactions under the Swap 
Agreement. These include: 
(i) 
the occurrence of certain illegality and force majeure events (in the case of illegality, including with 
respect to any member of the Swap Counterparty’s group); 
(ii) 
if sums paid or received under the relevant Swap Transaction(s) are subject to a withholding or a 
deduction on account of tax and such withholding or deduction arises as a result of a change in tax law 
or as a result of any action taken by a taxing authority or a court after the entry into of the relevant 
Swap Transaction(s); 
(iii) 
if sums paid or received under the relevant Swap Transaction(s) are subject to a withholding or a 
deduction on account of tax as a result of certain merger events with respect to the Swap Counterparty; 
(iv) 
the Notes being subject to an early redemption (other than where such early redemption is itself 
caused by a termination of the Swap Agreement);  
(v) 
the Issuer failing to give an Early Redemption Notice to Noteholders when required to do so pursuant 
to the Conditions; 
(vi) 
if sums paid or received under the relevant Swap Transaction(s) are subject to a deduction or 
withholding imposed pursuant to (a) an Information Reporting Regime or (b) Sections 871 or 881 of the 
Code; 
(vii) 
the Issuer breaching any of the covenants in the Trust Deed; 
(viii) 
the occurrence of certain regulatory events, including, amongst others: 
(a) 
the imposition of clearing or risk mitigation requirements to the extent such requirements were 
not applicable when the Swap Agreement was entered into; 
(b) 
the imposition of a financial transactions tax; 
(c) 
either party becoming materially and adversely restricted in its ability to perform its obligations 
under an outstanding Swap Transaction or would be required to post additional collateral to any 
person; or 
(d) 
the designation of a party as an “AIFM” or an “AIF” pursuant to Directive 2011/61/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2011 on Alternative Investment Fund 
Managers (otherwise known as “AIFMD”) or any similar concept under any comparable 
legislation in the United Kingdom, 
which results from (I) the Dodd-Frank Act, (II) the U.S. Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, (III) the 
U.S. Federal Reserve Act of 1913, (IV) the Regulation of the European Parliament and the Council on 
OTC Derivatives, Central Counterparties and Trade Repositories (otherwise known as “EMIR”), (V) 
MiFID II, (VI) the Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 
May 2014 on markets in financial instruments (otherwise known as “MIFIR”), (VII) AIFMD, (VIII) any 
change in any applicable law or (IX) any arrangements or understandings that the Swap Counterparty 
or any of its Affiliates may have made or entered into with any regulatory agency with respect to its or 
any of their legal entity structure or location, where (I) to (VII) above shall in each case also include any 
similar concept under comparable legislation in the United Kingdom, including as they form part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA;

--- Page 312 ---
THE SWAP AGREEMENT 
312
(ix) 
if, due to any change in law, any payment obligations under the Swap Agreement that would otherwise 
be denominated in euro cease to be denominated in euro or it would be unlawful, impossible or 
impracticable to pay or receive those payments in euro; and 
(x) 
any amendment is made to the Conditions and/or a Transaction Document which adjusts the amount, 
timing or priority of any payments or deliveries due between the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty 
under the Notes and/or the Transaction Documents, unless the Swap Counterparty has consented in 
writing to such amendment. 
The occurrence of any of the events described in paragraphs (i) to (iii) above will entitle the Issuer and/or the 
Swap Counterparty, as provided in the Swap Agreement (depending, amongst other things, on who is the 
“Affected Party” (as defined in the Swap Agreement)), to terminate the Swap Agreement. If the event 
described in paragraph (iv) above occurs, an Early Termination Date will be deemed to have been designated 
by the Swap Counterparty (or the Issuer where the early redemption of the Notes arises as a result of a Swap 
Counterparty Bankruptcy Event) without the need for a notice of termination. The occurrence of any of the 
events described in paragraphs (v) to (x) above will entitle the Swap Counterparty to terminate the Swap 
Agreement.  
Early Termination Amount
In connection with any “Early Termination Date” (as defined in the Swap Agreement), either the Swap 
Counterparty or the Issuer will be required to determine the “Early Termination Amount” (as defined in the 
Swap Agreement) under the Swap Agreement and whether such amount is payable from the Issuer to the 
Swap Counterparty or vice versa. Which of the Swap Counterparty or the Issuer determines the Early 
Termination Amount will depend on the reason for the termination of the Swap Agreement. Where the 
termination is as a result of an Event of Default, it will be the non-defaulting party who makes the 
determination. Where the termination is as a result of a Termination Event, the Swap Agreement will specify 
for each event which of the parties will make such determination (or, in certain circumstances, that both 
parties will make such determination). 
The Early Termination Amount is calculated by reference to the costs that would be incurred by the party 
making the calculation in replacing (or providing the economic equivalent of) the rights and obligations that 
have been terminated, or the gain that would be made in so doing (referred to in the Swap Agreement as the 
“Close-out Amount”) and taking into account the value of any collateral posted between the parties pursuant 
to any Credit Support Annex to the Swap Agreement. 
The termination currency in respect of a Swap Agreement will be the Specified Currency, which will be set out 
in the applicable Accessory Conditions. 
Termination following Satisfaction of Issuer Call Condition
If “Issuer Call” is specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions, the Swap Agreement will terminate early 
following satisfaction of an Issuer Call Condition which may occur where: 
(i) 
if “Optional Termination Trigger” is specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions, the Swap 
Counterparty elects an optional termination under the Swap Agreement; or 
(ii) 
if “Autocall Termination Trigger” is specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions, the calculation 
agent under the Swap Agreement determines that the sum of (x) the value of the Original Collateral 
and (y) the anticipated termination value of the Swap Agreement, is equal to or greater than the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding) has been met on a particular date; or  
(iii) 
any other event specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions as constituting an Issuer Call 
Condition is determined to have occurred.

--- Page 313 ---
THE SWAP AGREEMENT 
313
If “Substitution Knockout” is specified as “Applicable” in the applicable Accessory Conditions and, at any prior 
time to the Issuer Call Settlement Date, the Original Collateral is substituted pursuant to Condition 5(c) 
(Substitution of Original Collateral), the provisions relating to any Issuer Call Condition shall no longer apply. 
The occurrence of the events described in (i) to (iii) above will entitle the Swap Counterparty or the calculation 
agent under the Swap Agreement, as provided in the Swap Agreement, to deliver a notice specifying the date 
on which the Swap Agreement will terminate. Where the Swap Agreement terminates early in these 
circumstances, no Early Termination Amount is calculated or payable by either party, with each party instead 
paying such amounts as set out in the terms of the Swap Agreement following satisfaction of the applicable 
Issuer Call Condition. 
Credit Support Annex
If specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions, the Issuer will also enter into a Credit Support Annex with 
the Swap Counterparty in respect of the Notes. If (i) “Applicable – Payable by Issuer” is specified in the 
applicable Accessory Conditions, credit support will be provided by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty (but 
not from the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer), (ii) “Applicable – Payable by Swap Counterparty” is specified in 
the applicable Accessory Conditions, credit support will be provided by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer 
(but not from the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty) and (iii) “Applicable – Payable by Issuer and Swap 
Counterparty” is specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions, both the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty 
will provide credit support to each other. If “Not Applicable” is specified in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions, then neither party will provide credit support to each other and there will be no Credit Support 
Annex for that Series. Where a Credit Support Annex is entered into it shall form part of the Swap Agreement. 
The Credit Support Annex will be in the form of the ISDA 2016 Credit Support Annex for Variation Margin 
(VM) (Bilateral Form - Transfer) (ISDA Agreements Subject to English Law) Copyright © 2016 by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., subject to certain amendments. The sections below 
provide a summary of the provisions of the Credit Support Annex and of certain terms used in the Credit 
Support Annex, but do not necessarily set out such terms in full. 
Delivery and Return of Credit Support
Under the Credit Support Annex, a party required to provide credit support is known as a “Transferor” and the 
recipient of such credit support is known as the “Transferee”.  
A Transferor will be required to transfer credit support if its Delivery Amount (VM) for the relevant Valuation 
Date exceeds what is known as the Minimum Transfer Amount of the Transferor. Credit support will be 
transferred on a title transfer basis. 
A Delivery Amount (VM) arises if the Exposure of the Transferee to the Transferor under the Swap Agreement 
exceeds the value at that time of the credit support then provided by the Transferor (known as the 
Transferor’s “Credit Support Balance (VM)”), but with the Transferor’s Credit Support Balance (VM) being 
adjusted to take account of any credit support that is in the process of being transferred (by either party) as if 
it had been transferred. The “Delivery Amount (VM)” will be equal to such Exposure minus the value of such 
credit support. 
If the Delivery Amount (VM) does exceed the Transferor’s Minimum Transfer Amount, the Transferor can then 
be required to transfer “Eligible Credit Support (VM)” having a Value equal to the Delivery Amount (VM).  
The credit support comprising Eligible Credit Support (VM) is as specified in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions. Eligible Credit Support (VM) will typically comprise cash in an “Eligible Currency” and may also 
comprise specified securities. For the purposes of determining how much Eligible Credit Support (VM) is 
required to be provided as credit support, each item of credit support is given a Value (see “Value and 
Exposure” below).

--- Page 314 ---
THE SWAP AGREEMENT 
314
Once a Transferor has provided credit support, it may be entitled to receive assets of the same type back from 
the Transferee if the parties’ exposure to one another under the Swap Agreement, or the Value of the credit 
support, changes. The amount a Transferor is entitled to receive back is known as a Return Amount (VM).  
A Return Amount (VM) arises if the Value of the credit support comprised in the Transferor’s Credit Support 
Balance (VM) (again adjusted to take account of any credit support that is in the process of being transferred 
(by either party) as if it had been transferred) exceeds the exposure of the Transferee to the Transferor under 
the Swap Agreement. The “Return Amount (VM)” will be equal to such Credit Support Balance (VM) minus 
such Exposure. 
If the Return Amount (VM) for a Valuation Date exceeds the Minimum Transfer Amount of the Transferee, the 
Transferee is required to transfer credit support of the same type, nominal value, description and amount as 
that comprised in the Transferor’s Credit Support Balance (VM) (known as “Equivalent Credit Support 
(VM)”), up to an aggregate amount having a Value equal to that Return Amount (VM). 
If the operation of the Credit Support Annex requires credit support to be provided by the Issuer as Transferor 
to the Swap Counterparty as Transferee, the Issuer would use the Collateral to satisfy its obligation. 
If the “Delivery Cap” is specified as “Applicable” in the applicable Accessory Conditions (the “Delivery Cap”), 
the Issuer’s obligation as Transferor to transfer Eligible Credit Support (VM) shall at no time exceed the Value 
of the Collateral that is then held by or on behalf of the Issuer that comprises Eligible Credit Support (VM). If 
“Delivery Cap” is specified as “Not Applicable” in the applicable Accessory Conditions, such limitation shall not 
apply and, accordingly, there is a possibility that the Collateral available to the Issuer for transfer might not 
have a sufficient Value to enable the Issuer to satisfy a Delivery Amount (VM). This would be in a case where 
the exposure of the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer under the Swap Agreement exceeds the aggregate 
Value of the Collateral held by the Issuer and the Issuer’s Credit Support Balance (VM) at that time. Any 
failure of the Issuer to deliver a Delivery Amount (VM) in full would comprise an Event of Default under the 
Swap Agreement if not remedied within the time period therein and would entitle the Swap Counterparty to 
terminate the Swap Agreement. Such termination would result in an early redemption of the relevant Series.  
The “Minimum Transfer Amount” of a Transferor will be the amount specified in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions, subject to a maximum of EUR 500,000 (or its equivalent in another currency as at the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of the relevant Series) or, if not so specified, EUR 250,000; provided that (i) at any time 
and from time to time, the Swap Counterparty may designate any amount lower than EUR 500,000 (or its 
equivalent in another currency as at the time of designation) as the Minimum Transfer Amount for either party 
at that time, and (ii) a party’s Minimum Transfer Amount shall be zero if an Event of Default or a Termination 
Event has occurred and is continuing under the Swap Agreement in respect of all Swap Transactions with 
respect to that party.  
Any deliveries of credit support are subject to rounding. Cash will be rounded up to the nearest whole unit 
whereas securities will be rounded up to the nearest denomination in the case of a Delivery Amount (VM) and 
down to the nearest denomination in the case of a Return Amount (VM).  
Value and Exposure
The “Exposure” of a party (“X”) to the other (“Y”) under the Swap Agreement represents the amount, if any, 
that would be payable to X by Y (expressed as a positive number) or by X to Y (expressed as a negative 
number) under the Swap Agreement if it were terminated, but calculated on a mid-market basis.  
The “Value” of an item of credit support will be determined:  

for cash, by taking the equivalent amount of that cash in the Base Currency and by then multiplying by 
a percentage equal to the Valuation Percentage minus, if applicable, the relevant FX Haircut 
Percentage; and 

for securities, by taking the value in the Base Currency of the bid price for that security obtained by the 
Valuation Agent (which may include a bid price quoted by itself in good faith in a commercially

--- Page 315 ---
THE SWAP AGREEMENT 
315
reasonable manner) and by then multiplying by a percentage equal to the Valuation Percentage minus, 
if applicable, the relevant FX Haircut Percentage.  
The “Valuation Percentage” for an item of credit support will be specified in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions but provided that if at any time the Valuation Percentage assigned to an item of Eligible Credit 
Support (VM) with respect to a party (as the Transferor) under the Credit Support Annex is greater than the 
maximum permitted valuation percentage (prescribed or implied) for such item of collateral under any law 
requiring the collection of variation margin applicable to the other party (as the Transferee), then the Valuation 
Percentage with respect to such item of Eligible Credit Support (VM) and such party will be such maximum 
permitted valuation percentage. 
The “Base Currency” means the currency in which the Series (or, where applicable, Class) is denominated, 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions. An “Eligible Currency” will mean the Base 
Currency and each other currency specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions. 
The “FX Haircut Percentage” means, with respect to a party as the Transferor and an item of Eligible Credit 
Support (VM) or Equivalent Credit Support (VM), zero per cent. 
Timings and Methodology of Calculations and Transfers
Under the terms of the Credit Support Annex, the Valuation Agent will determine whether a Delivery Amount 
(VM) or Return Amount (VM) arises in relation to each Valuation Date, as well as making other valuations 
required under the Credit Support Annex. The “Valuation Agent” will be the Swap Counterparty provided that 
following the occurrence of a Bankruptcy Event in respect of the Valuation Agent, a replacement Valuation 
Agent shall be appointed. Such replacement Valuation Agent will be chosen either by the Issuer, with the prior 
approval of the Trustee or by the Noteholders acting by Extraordinary Resolution. 
A “Valuation Date” will be each day on which commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in (i) with respect to Party A, Paris and (ii) with respect to 
Party B, London, unless the applicable Accessory Conditions specify that different dates apply.  
If transfer of credit support is required and relevant notices are received (or are deemed to have been 
received) by applicable cut-off times, then the relevant transfer is required to be made not later than the close 
of business on the Regular Settlement Day relating to the date of the relevant demand.  
“Regular Settlement Day” means, with respect to a date of demand, (i) for cash or other property (other than 
securities) that would have been transferred into the relevant bank account specified by the recipient on the 
date of demand had the instruction for transfer been given on such date of demand, the same local business 
day as the date of demand, (ii) for any other cash or other property (other than securities), the next local 
business day and (iii) for securities, the first local business day after such date on which settlement of a trade 
in the relevant securities, if effected on such date, would have been settled in accordance with customary 
practice when settling through the clearance system agreed between the parties for delivery of such securities 
or, otherwise, on the market in which such securities are principally traded (or, in either case, if there is no 
such customary practice, on the first local business day after such date on which it is reasonably practicable 
to deliver such securities). 
However, if under any law requiring the collection or posting by the Swap Counterparty of variation margin, 
the Swap Counterparty is at that time required to collect or post variation margin on a shorter timeframe in 
respect of the Swap Agreement, Regular Settlement Day shall mean the same local business day as the date 
of demand. 
Exchanges
A Transferor is entitled to inform the Transferee that it wishes to exchange credit support comprised in its 
Credit Support Balance (VM) for alternative Eligible Credit Support (VM). In such case, the Transferor and 
Transferee will be obliged to exchange the relevant credit support on the timings set out in the Credit Support 
Annex.

--- Page 316 ---
THE SWAP AGREEMENT 
316
Distributions and Interest Amounts
Where Distributions arise in respect of credit support comprised in a Transferor’s Credit Support Balance 
(VM), the Transferee is required to transfer cash, securities or other property of the same type, nominal value, 
description and amount as such Distributions, to the extent that this would not create or increase a Delivery 
Amount (VM).  
“Distributions” means, with respect to Eligible Credit Support (VM) comprised in the Credit Support Balance 
(VM) of a Transferor that comprises securities, all principal, interest and other payments and distributions of 
cash or other property that would have been received by a Relevant Holder of securities of the same type, 
nominal value, description and amount as such Eligible Credit Support (VM) from time to time, provided that 
Distributions shall be gross of any taxes, costs or other charges that may have been imposed on a payment of 
principal, interest or other payment or distribution to such a Relevant Holder. For this purpose, “Relevant 
Holder” means a hypothetical holder having the same legal form and being incorporated and domiciled in the 
same jurisdiction as the relevant Transferee. 
If cash is provided as credit support, interest will be payable by the Transferee periodically at the applicable 
rate. Interest will be calculated in respect of each day (but will not be subject to daily compounding). 
For cash provided to the Swap Counterparty, the relevant “Interest Rate (VM)” will be the Interest Rate (VM) 
specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions or, if no such rate is specified, the rate determined by the 
Swap Counterparty acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
For cash provided to the Issuer, the relevant “Interest Rate (VM)” will be the Custodian’s standard overnight 
rate (which may be positive or negative) offered for deposits in the relevant currency as of the relevant time as 
determined by the Custodian.  
If the relevant Interest Rate (VM) results in the relevant interest amount being a negative number, the 
absolute value of such interest amount shall instead be payable by the Transferor. 
Legally Ineligible Credit Support
The Credit Support Annex contains provisions that enable a party to deliver a notice that items that then 
comprise Eligible Credit Support (VM) will cease to comprise Eligible Credit Support (VM). Such notice can be 
delivered if the Transferee determines that the relevant items either have ceased to satisfy, or as of a 
specified date will cease to satisfy, collateral eligibility requirements under laws applicable to the Transferee 
requiring the collection of variation margin. Any credit support in the Transferor’s Credit Support Balance (VM) 
that does not comprise Eligible Credit Support (VM) will be given a Value of zero. If the Swap Counterparty 
delivers such a notice to the Issuer, the Issuer is unlikely to have any other Collateral available to it to provide 
to the Swap Counterparty as Eligible Credit Support (VM) and, as a result, such legal ineligibility may lead to 
an event of default under the Swap Agreement if not remedied within the time period therein and would entitle 
the Swap Counterparty to terminate the Swap Agreement. Such termination would result in an early 
redemption of the relevant Series. 
Early Termination
On any Early Termination Date being designated or deemed to occur under the Swap Agreement, the party to 
whom collateral has been posted shall not be obliged to return such collateral or equivalent collateral, but 
instead the Value of such collateral (but for this purpose without applying any Valuation Percentage or FX 
Haircut Percentage) shall be deemed to be owed to the transferor for the purposes of calculating the 
termination payment under the Swap Agreement.

--- Page 317 ---
THE REPO AGREEMENT 
317
THE REPO AGREEMENT
The following applies only in relation to Notes in connection with which there is a Repo Agreement.
General
In connection with the issue of the Notes, the Issuer may enter into a Repo Agreement as specified in the 
applicable Accessory Conditions. Any Repo Agreement will be governed by the laws of England and Wales. 
In addition to the consent of the Repo Counterparty, except as provided in the Trust Deed, the terms of a 
Repo Agreement may not be amended without the consent of the Trustee. The Trustee can agree, without the 
consent of the Noteholders, to any modification which is, in its opinion, of a formal, minor or technical nature 
or to correct a manifest error. The Trustee may (subject to limits set out in the Trust Deed) also agree to any 
modification that is in its opinion not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Set out below are summaries of certain provisions of the Repo Agreement (and should be construed as such).  
Payments
The Repo Agreement sets out certain payments to be made from the Issuer to the Repo Counterparty and 
vice versa. Payments by the Issuer under the Repo Agreement will be limited recourse obligations and will be 
funded from sums received (i) on the issue of the relevant Notes and/or (ii) in respect of the Original Collateral 
(if any) relating to such Notes.  
The payments required between the Issuer and the Repo Counterparty under the Repo Agreement are 
designed to ensure that following the making of such payments the Issuer will have such funds, when taken 
together with remaining amounts available to it from the issue of the relevant Notes and/or received in respect 
of the Original Collateral relating to such Notes, as are necessary for it to meet its obligations under such 
Notes and the related Transaction Documents. Such obligations may include, without limitation, its obligation: 
(i) 
to pay the purchase price for the Original Collateral relating to the relevant Series; 
(ii) 
to make payments of any Interest Amount (or any other amount payable by it by way of interest), 
Instalment Amount and Final Redemption Amount; and/or 
(iii) 
to make payment of certain fees and expenses to Agents, the Custodian, rating agencies, accountants, 
auditors or other service providers which fees and expenses are associated with or are attributable to 
such Notes. 
The exact payments due under the Repo Agreement for a particular Series will vary from Series to Series 
depending on the terms of those Series. The exact payments will be agreed between the Issuer and the Repo 
Counterparty at the time of entry into of the relevant Repo Agreement. There is no restriction upon the 
payments that may be agreed. In addition, collateral may be transferable to or from the Issuer in relation to the 
margining provisions of the Repo Agreement. As with payments under the Repo Agreement, the margining 
provisions will be agreed between the Issuer and the Repo Counterparty at the time of entry into of the 
relevant Repo Agreement. There is no restriction upon the margining provisions that may be agreed. 
Events of Default 
The Repo Agreement provides for certain “Events of Default” (as defined in the Repo Agreement) relating to 
the Issuer and the Repo Counterparty, the occurrence of which may lead to a termination of the Repo 
Agreement.

--- Page 318 ---
THE REPO AGREEMENT 
318
The Events of Default under the Repo Agreement include:  
(i) 
failure by either party to pay, when due, any purchase price or repurchase price under the Repo 
Agreement required to be made by it; 
(ii) 
failure by either party to deliver any securities on the scheduled purchase date or repurchase date 
under the Repo Agreement; 
(iii) 
failure by either party to comply with the relevant margin maintenance provisions under the Repo 
Agreement, to the extent applicable; 
(iv) 
failure by either party to transfer or credit to the other party a sum equal to (and in the same currency 
as) any sum it receives as income in respect of any securities transferred to it under the Repo 
Agreement, on the date it receives such income; 
(v) 
certain insolvency events relating to either party; 
(vi) 
any representations made by either party in the Repo Agreement proving to be incorrect or untrue in 
any material respect when made or repeated; 
(vii) 
either party admitting to the other that it is unable to, or intends not to, perform any of its obligations 
under the Repo Agreement; 
(viii) 
circumstances where either party is suspended or expelled from membership of or participation in any 
securities exchange or suspended or prohibited from dealing in securities by any government agency, 
in each case on the grounds that it has failed to meet any requirements relating to financial resources 
or credit rating; 
(ix) 
the occurrence of certain illegality events (in the case of illegality, including with respect to any member 
of the Repo Counterparty’s group); 
(x) 
if sums paid or received under the relevant Repo Transaction(s) are subject to a withholding or a 
deduction on account of tax and such withholding or deduction arises as a result of a change in tax law 
or as a result of any action taken by a taxing authority or a court after the entry into of the relevant 
Repo Transaction(s); 
(xi) 
the Notes being subject to an early redemption (other than where such early redemption is itself 
caused by a termination of the Repo Agreement);  
(xii) 
the Issuer failing to give an Early Redemption Notice to Noteholders when required to do so pursuant 
to the Conditions; 
(xiii) 
if sums paid or received under the relevant Repo Transaction(s) are subject to a deduction or 
withholding imposed pursuant to (a) an Information Reporting Regime or (b) Sections 871 or 881 of the 
Code; 
(xiv) 
a breach by either party of its obligations under the Repo Agreement if not remedied within the time 
period specified therein; 
(xv) 
the Issuer breaching any of the covenants in the Trust Deed; 
(xvi) 
if, due to any change in law, any payment obligations under the Repo Agreement that would otherwise 
be denominated in euro cease to be denominated in euro or it would be unlawful, impossible or 
impracticable to pay or receive those payments in euro; and 
(xvii) any amendment is made to the Conditions and/or a Transaction Document which adjusts the amount, 
timing or priority of any payments or deliveries due between the Issuer and the Repo Counterparty 
under the Notes and/or the Transaction Documents, unless the Repo Counterparty has consented in 
writing to such amendment.

--- Page 319 ---
THE REPO AGREEMENT 
319
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default under the Repo Agreement, the non-defaulting party may give a 
notice of default designating an Event of Default and the Repurchase Date (as defined in the Repo 
Agreement) for each Repo Transaction under the Repo Agreement will be deemed immediately to occur 
subject to the provisions of the Repo Agreement. 
Consequences of Early Termination
In connection with any “Event of Default” (as defined in the Repo Agreement) that triggers the acceleration of 
the Repo Agreement (either as a result of a “Default Notice” (as defined in the Repo Agreement) being served 
or where no such “Default Notice” is required to be served in respect of the particular Event of Default) (a 
“Repo Acceleration”), an early termination payment, based on the market value of the initial collateral sold 
under the Repo Agreement, the market value of any margin posted by the Issuer to the Repo Counterparty or 
vice versa under the Repo Agreement and the repurchase price payable for equivalent collateral, will be 
payable by the Issuer to the Repo Counterparty or (as the case may be) by the Repo Counterparty to the 
Issuer.  
Other than where the Repo Counterparty is in default under the Repo Agreement, in which case the Issuer will 
make any determinations under the Repo Agreement, the Repo Counterparty will make all determinations 
under the Repo Agreement relating to an early termination thereof. If the Repo Counterparty is in default, the 
Issuer will need to appoint a calculation agent for the purposes of making such determination on the Issuer’s 
behalf. In determining a termination payment, (i) the value of securities will be determined as either the sale 
price of such securities (taking into account fees, costs and expenses incurred by the party selling the 
securities) or their fair market value, in accordance with the Repo Agreement and (ii) the determining party is 
generally required to act in good faith. 
The termination currency in respect of a Repo Agreement will be the Specified Currency, which will be set out 
in the applicable Accessory Conditions.

--- Page 320 ---
THE SL AGREEMENT 
320
THE SL AGREEMENT
The following applies only in relation to Notes in connection with which there is an SL Agreement.
General
In connection with the issue of the Notes, the Issuer may enter into an SL Agreement as specified in the 
applicable Accessory Conditions. Any SL Agreement will be governed by the laws of England and Wales. 
In addition to the consent of the SL Counterparty, except as provided in the Trust Deed, the terms of the SL 
Agreement may not be amended without the consent of the Trustee. The Trustee can agree, without the 
consent of the Noteholders, to any modification which is, in its opinion, of a formal, minor or technical nature 
or to correct a manifest error. The Trustee may (subject to limits set out in the Trust Deed) also agree to any 
modification that is in its opinion not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Set out below are summaries of certain provisions of the SL Agreement (and should be construed as such).  
Payments and Deliveries
The SL Agreement sets out certain payments and deliveries to be made from the Issuer to the SL 
Counterparty and vice versa. Payments and deliveries by the Issuer under the SL Agreement will be limited 
recourse obligations and will be funded from sums received (i) on the issue of the relevant Notes and/or (ii) in 
respect of the Original Collateral (if any) relating to such Notes. 
The payments and deliveries required between the Issuer and the SL Counterparty under the SL Agreement 
are designed to ensure that following the making of such payments and deliveries the Issuer will have such 
funds, when taken together with remaining amounts available to it from the issue of the Notes and/or received 
in respect of the Original Collateral, as are necessary for it to meet its obligations under the Notes and the 
Transaction Documents. 
The exact payments and deliveries due under the SL Agreement for a particular Series will vary from Series to 
Series depending on the terms of those Series. The exact payments and deliveries will be agreed between 
the Issuer and the SL Counterparty at the time of entry into of the relevant SL Agreement. There is no 
restriction upon the payments and deliveries that may be agreed. In addition, collateral may be transferable to 
or from the Issuer in relation to the margining provisions of the SL Agreement. As with payments under the SL 
Agreement, the margining provisions will be agreed between the Issuer and the SL Counterparty at the time of 
entry into of the relevant SL Agreement. There is no restriction upon the margining provisions that may be 
agreed. 
Events of Default 
The SL Agreement provides for certain “Events of Default” (as defined in the SL Agreement) relating to the 
Issuer and the SL Counterparty, the occurrence of which may lead to a termination of the SL Agreement. 
The Events of Default under the SL Agreement include:  
(i) 
failure by either party to comply with the relevant margin maintenance provisions under the SL 
Agreement; 
(ii) 
failure by either party to transfer or credit to the other party a sum equal to (and in the same currency 
as) any sum it receives as income in respect of any securities transferred to it under the SL Agreement, 
on the date it receives such income; 
(iii) 
certain insolvency events relating to either party;

--- Page 321 ---
THE SL AGREEMENT 
321
(iv) 
any warranties made by either party in the SL Agreement proving to be incorrect or untrue in any 
material respect when made or repeated; 
(v) 
either party admitting to the other that it is unable to, or intends not to, perform any of its obligations 
under the SL Agreement where such failure would (with the service of notice or lapse of time) constitute 
an event of default under the SL Agreement; 
(vi) 
all or any material part of the assets of either party being transferred or ordered to be transferred to a 
trustee by a regulatory authority pursuant to any legislation; 
(vii) 
circumstances where either party is suspended or expelled from membership of or participation in any 
securities exchange or suspended or prohibited from dealing in securities by any regulatory authority, 
in each case on the grounds that it has failed to meet any requirements relating to financial resources 
or credit rating; 
(viii) 
a breach by either party of its obligations under the SL Agreement if not remedied within the time 
period specified therein; 
(ix) 
if sums paid or received under the relevant SL Transaction(s) are subject to a withholding or a 
deduction on account of tax and such withholding or deduction arises as a result of a change in tax law 
or as a result of any action taken by a taxing authority or a court after the entry into of the relevant SL 
Transaction(s); 
(x) 
the occurrence of certain illegality events (in the case of illegality, including with respect to any member 
of the SL Counterparty’s group); 
(xi) 
the Notes being subject to an early redemption (other than where such early redemption is itself 
caused by a termination of the SL Agreement);  
(xii) 
the Issuer failing to give an Early Redemption Notice to Noteholders when required to do so pursuant 
to the Conditions; 
(xiii) 
if sums paid or received under the relevant SL Transaction(s) are subject to a deduction or withholding 
imposed pursuant to (a) an Information Reporting Regime or (b) Sections 871 or 881 of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986; 
(xiv) 
the Issuer breaching any of the covenants in the Trust Deed; 
(xv) 
if, due to any change in law, any payment obligations under the SL Agreement that would otherwise be 
denominated in euro cease to be denominated in euro or it would be unlawful, impossible or 
impracticable to pay or receive those payments in euro; and 
(xvi) 
any amendment is made to the Conditions and/or a Transaction Document which adjusts the amount, 
timing or priority of any payments or deliveries due between the Issuer and the SL Counterparty under 
the Notes and/or the Transaction Documents, unless the SL Counterparty has consented in writing to 
such amendment. 
Upon the occurrence of any such event under the SL Agreement, the non-defaulting party may give a notice 
of default designating an Event of Default (as defined in the SL Agreement) and a Termination Date (as 
defined in the SL Agreement) for each SL Transaction under the SL Agreement will be deemed immediately 
to occur subject to the provisions of the SL Agreement. 
Consequences of Early Termination
Upon early termination of the SL Agreement (which may occur as a result of a default by the SL Counterparty 
or the insolvency of the Issuer), an early termination payment, based on the market value of the securities 
loaned under the SL Agreement and the market value of any margin posted by the Issuer to the SL

--- Page 322 ---
THE SL AGREEMENT 
322
Counterparty or vice versa under the SL Agreement, will be payable by the Issuer to the SL Counterparty or 
(as the case may be) by the SL Counterparty to the Issuer.  
Other than where the SL Counterparty is in default under the SL Agreement, in which case the Issuer will 
make any determinations under the SL Agreement, the SL Counterparty will make all determinations under 
the SL Agreement relating to an early termination thereof. If the SL Counterparty is in default, the Issuer will 
need to appoint a calculation agent for the purposes of making such determination on the Issuer’s behalf. In 
determining a termination payment, (i) the value of securities will be determined as either the sale price of 
such securities (taking into account fees, costs and expenses incurred by the party selling the securities) or 
their fair market value, in accordance with the SL Agreement and (ii) the determining party is generally 
required to act in good faith.  
Unless otherwise specified, the base currency in respect of an SL Agreement will be the Specified Currency.

--- Page 323 ---
APPROVED SWAP COUNTERPARTY, APPROVED REPO COUNTERPARTY, APPROVED SL 
COUNTERPARTY AND APPROVED ORIGINAL COLLATERAL 
323
APPROVED SWAP COUNTERPARTY, APPROVED REPO COUNTERPARTY, APPROVED SL 
COUNTERPARTY AND APPROVED ORIGINAL COLLATERAL
Notes to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market may only be issued under this 
Base Prospectus by way of Final Terms for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation where (i) the Swap 
Counterparty has securities admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II (an “EEA 
Regulated Market”), equivalent third country market or SME Growth Market or the obligations are guaranteed 
by an entity whose securities are admitted to trading on an EEA Regulated Market, equivalent third country 
market or SME Growth Market (an “Approved Swap Counterparty”), (ii) the Repo Counterparty has 
securities admitted to trading on an EEA Regulated Market, equivalent third country market or SME Growth 
Market or the obligations are guaranteed by an entity whose securities are admitted to trading on an EEA 
Regulated Market, equivalent third country market or SME Growth Market (an “Approved Repo 
Counterparty”), (iii) the SL Counterparty has securities admitted to trading on an EEA Regulated Market, 
equivalent third country market or SME Growth Market or the obligations are guaranteed by an entity whose 
securities are admitted to trading on an EEA Regulated Market, equivalent third country market or SME 
Growth Market (an “Approved SL Counterparty”), and (iv) the Original Collateral is collateral having the 
following characteristics (“Approved Original Collateral”): 
Issuer of Approved Original Collateral: 
Any corporate or sovereign 
Status: 
Senior, unsecured 
Legal nature: 
Bonds 
Governing law: 
English law 
Other: 
Admitted to trading on an EEA Regulated Market, 
equivalent third country market or SME Growth 
Market  
In all other cases, the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty, the SL Counterparty and the Original 
Collateral in respect of a Series will be as specified in the applicable Pricing Terms.

--- Page 324 ---
SECURITY ARRANGEMENTS 
324
SECURITY ARRANGEMENTS
The Security may include a fixed charge over the Collateral which may be held by or through the Custodian 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or an alternative clearing system (each, a “clearing 
system”). The charge is intended to create a property interest in the Collateral in favour of the Trustee to 
secure the Issuer’s liabilities. 
However, where the Collateral is held through a clearing system, neither the Issuer nor the Custodian is the 
legal owner of the Collateral itself but instead they merely have interests in that Collateral. As between the 
Issuer and the Custodian, such interests arise from the Custody Agreement. In turn, the Custodian will have 
rights either against an intermediary (such as a sub-custodian) or as an accountholder in the clearing system, 
the clearing system will have rights against the common depositary or the nominee, as the case may be, for 
the clearing system and such common depositary or nominee, as the case may be, will, as legal owner, have 
rights against the issuer of the Collateral. As a result, where Collateral is held in a clearing system, the 
Security will take the form of an assignment of the Issuer’s rights against the Custodian under the Agency 
Agreement, as the case may be, rather than a charge over the Collateral itself.

--- Page 325 ---
TAXATION 
325
TAXATION
JERSEY 
The following section is relevant to Notes issued by the Jersey Issuer only. 
The following is a discussion of certain Jersey tax consequences of an investment in the Notes other than 
investments in the Notes by residents of Jersey. The discussion is a general summary of present law and 
practice as they are understood to apply at the date of this document, which is subject to prospective and 
retroactive change. It is not intended as legal or tax advice, does not consider your particular circumstances, 
and does not consider tax consequences other than those arising under Jersey law and practice. It does not 
constitute legal or tax advice and does not address all aspects of Jersey taxation law and practice. 
Prospective investors in the Notes should consult their professional advisers on the implications of acquiring, 
buying, selling or otherwise disposing of the Notes under the law of any jurisdiction in which they may be 
liable to taxation. Under existing Jersey laws:
(i) 
payments of interest, principal and other amounts on the Notes will not be subject to taxation in 
Jersey and no withholding will be required on the payment of interest and principal and other 
amounts on the Notes, nor will gains derived from the disposal of the Notes be subject to Jersey 
income tax. Jersey currently has no corporation or capital gains tax and no inheritance tax or gift 
tax; and  
(ii) 
no stamp duty is payable in respect of the issue or transfer of the Notes except that where Notes 
are held by natural persons stamp duty is payable on Jersey grants of probate and letters of 
administration, which will generally be required to transfer the Notes on the death of a holder of 
such Notes where such Notes are situated in Jersey. In the case of a grant of probate or letters of 
administration, stamp duty is levied according to the size of the estate (wherever situated in respect 
of a holder of Notes domiciled in Jersey, or situated in Jersey in respect of a holder of Notes 
domiciled outside Jersey) and is payable on a sliding scale at a rate of up to 0.75 per cent. of such 
estate and such duty is capped at £100,000. Where the Notes are in registered form and the 
register is not maintained in Jersey such Notes should not be considered to be situated in Jersey for 
these purposes. 
Taxation of the Issuer 
The directors of the Issuer intend to manage and conduct its affairs in such a way that the Issuer is resident 
for Jersey taxation purposes in Jersey. As such, under Article 123C of the Income Tax (Jersey) Law 1961, as 
amended, and on the basis that the Issuer is solely tax resident in Jersey, the Issuer (being neither a financial 
services company nor a specified utility company, each as defined in the Income Tax (Jersey) Law 1961), will 
be subject to Jersey income tax at the rate of zero per cent. on its non-Jersey source income and, by statutory 
concession, bank interest arising in Jersey. Payments in respect of the Notes may be made by the Issuer 
without withholding or deduction for or on account of Jersey income tax and holders of the Notes (other than 
residents of Jersey) will not be subject to any tax in Jersey in respect of the holding, sale or other disposition 
of the Notes. 
Economic Substance 
The Taxation (Companies – Economic Substance) (Jersey) Law 2019 (including as amended pursuant to the 
Taxation (Companies – Economic Substance) (Amendment) (Jersey) Law 2019) (the “Substance Law”) is 
effective for financial periods beginning on or after January 1, 2019. The Substance Law addresses the 
concerns of the EU Code of Conduct Group (Business Taxation) regarding economic substance raised as part 
of EU BEPS initiative. On March 12, 2019, the EU Council placed Jersey on the ‘White List’ recognising it as 
being cooperative and having fulfilled its commitments given in 2017 to addressing the economic substance 
concerns raised by the EU Code of Conduct Group.

--- Page 326 ---
TAXATION 
326
The Substance Law requires that a Jersey tax resident company conducting relevant activities from which it 
receives gross income must satisfy the economic substance tests set out in the Substance Law. The relevant 
activities within the scope of the Substance Law include acting as an equity holding company, financing and 
leasing business and acting as a headquarters company.  
The Substance Law provides progressive sanctions for non-compliance including financial penalties, 
disclosure and striking off from the Register of Companies in Jersey.  
It is intended that the Issuer is managed and controlled in Jersey and therefore will be deemed to be resident 
for taxation purposes in Jersey. By issuing the Notes, the Issuer will be carrying out the relevant activity of 
financing and leasing business and accordingly, the Substance Law will apply to the Issuer. 
IRELAND 
The following section is relevant to Notes issued by the Irish Issuer only. 
Introduction
The following is a summary of the principal Irish withholding tax consequences for individuals and companies 
of ownership of the Notes and some other miscellaneous tax matters based on the laws and practice of the 
Irish Revenue Commissioners currently in force in Ireland and may be subject to change. The summary does 
not purport to be a comprehensive description of all of the tax considerations that may be relevant to a 
decision to own the Notes. It deals with Noteholders who beneficially own their Notes and Coupons thereon 
as an investment. Particular rules not discussed below may apply to certain classes of taxpayers holding 
Notes, such as dealers in securities, trusts etc. The summary does not constitute tax or legal advice and the 
comments below are of a general nature only. Prospective investors in the Notes should consult their 
professional advisers on the tax implications of the purchase, holding, redemption or sale of the Notes and the 
receipt of interest thereon under the laws of their country of residence, citizenship or domicile. In particular, 
holders of Notes should be aware that they may be liable to taxation under the laws of other jurisdictions in 
relation to payments in respect of the Notes even if such payments may be made without withholding or 
deduction for or on account of taxation under the laws of Ireland. Noteholders should be aware that the 
particular terms of issue of any series of Notes as specified in the relevant Terms and Conditions may affect 
the tax treatment of that and other series of Notes. 
Withholding Tax 
In general, tax at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent.), is required to be withheld from 
payments of Irish source interest which should include interest payable on the Notes. 
Subject to the discussion below, the Issuer will not be obliged to make a withholding or deduction for or on 
account of Irish income tax from a payment of interest on a Note so long as the following conditions are met: 
(a) 
the Notes are quoted Eurobonds, i.e. securities which are issued by a Company (such as the 
Issuers), which are quoted on a recognised stock exchange (which is interpreted by the Irish 
Revenue Commissioners to mean an exchange which is recognised by the appropriate regulatory 
authorities in the country in which it is located and has substantially the same level of recognition 
in that country as the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin has in Ireland) and 
which carry a right to interest; and 
(b) 
the person by or through whom the payment is made is not in Ireland, or if such person is in 
Ireland, either: 
1) the Note is held in a clearing system recognised by the Irish Revenue Commissioners; 
(DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are, amongst others, so recognised); or

--- Page 327 ---
TAXATION 
327
2) the person who is the beneficial owner of the Note and who is beneficially entitled to the 
interest is not resident in Ireland and has made a declaration to a relevant person (such 
as a paying agent located in Ireland) in the prescribed form. 
Thus, subject to the discussion below, so long as the Notes continue to be quoted on Euronext Dublin or 
another recognised stock exchange and are held in a clearing system recognised by the Irish Revenue 
Commissioners, interest on the Notes can be paid by any paying agent acting on behalf of the Issuer without 
any withholding or deduction for or on account of Irish income tax. If the Notes continue to be quoted but 
cease to be held in a recognised clearing system, interest on the Notes may be paid without any withholding 
or deduction for or on account of Irish income tax provided such payment is made through a paying agent 
outside Ireland. 
Interest or other distributions paid out on the Notes which are profit dependent or any part of which exceeds a 
reasonable commercial return could, under certain anti-avoidance provisions, be re-characterised as a non-
deductible distribution and so be subject to dividend withholding tax in certain circumstances. However, this 
should not apply where the Issuer can confirm that, at the time the Notes were issued, the Issuer was not in 
possession or aware of any information, including information about any arrangement or understanding in 
relation to ownership of the Notes after that time, which could reasonably be taken to indicate that interest or 
other distributions paid on the Notes would not be subject, without reduction computed by reference to the 
amount of such interest or other distribution, to a tax in a relevant territory which generally applies to profits, 
income or gains received in that relevant territory by persons from sources outside that relevant territory, 
where the terms “relevant territory” means a member state of the European Union (other than Ireland) or a 
country with which Ireland has signed a double tax treaty. 
Encashment Tax 
In certain circumstances, Irish tax will be required to be withheld at a rate of 25 per cent. from interest on any 
Note, where such interest is collected or realised by a bank or encashment agent in Ireland on behalf of any 
Noteholder. There is an exemption from encashment tax where (i) the beneficial owner of the interest is not 
resident in Ireland and has made a declaration to this effect in the prescribed form to the encashment agent or 
bank or (ii) the beneficial owner of the interest is a company which is within the charge to Irish corporation tax 
in respect of the interest. 
Stamp Duty 
No stamp duty or similar tax is imposed in Ireland on the issue, transfer or redemption of the Notes issued by 
the Issuer provided the Issuer is a qualifying company for the purposes of Section 110 of the TCA and the 
proceeds 
of 
the 
Notes 
are 
used 
in 
the 
course 
of 
the 
Issuer’s 
business.
U.S. TEFRA CATEGORISATION 
Notes in bearer form will be issued:  
(i) 
in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in substantially the 
same form that are applicable for the purposes of section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended) (“TEFRA C”); 
(ii) 
in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in substantially the 
same form that are applicable for the purposes of section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended) (“TEFRA D”); or 
(iii) 
other than in compliance with TEFRA D or TEFRA C but in circumstances in which the Notes will not 
constitute “registration required obligations” under the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal 
Responsibility Act of 1982 (“TEFRA”), which circumstances will be referred to in the applicable 
Accessory Conditions as a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable.

--- Page 328 ---
TAXATION 
328
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax (“FTT”) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s Proposal”) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (each, other than Estonia, a “participating Member State”). However, Estonia has 
stated that it will not participate and in June 2023, the Commission stated that there was little expectation any 
proposal would be agreed in the short term.  
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market transactions 
referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established or deemed to be established in a 
participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating 
Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a 
participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a 
participating Member State.
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member 
States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 329 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
329
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE
Summary of Dealer Agreement
With respect to any Tranche, the Notes of that Tranche will be sold by the Issuer to the Dealer of such 
Tranche pursuant to the Dealer Agreement for such Tranche. 
The Issuer may pay a Dealer a commission as agreed between the Issuer and a Dealer in respect of the 
Notes subscribed by it. 
By entering into the relevant Dealer Agreement, the Issuer will agree to indemnify the Dealer against certain 
liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement for any Tranche may be 
terminated by the Issuer or by the Dealer, at any time on giving at least 10 days’ notice. 
The Dealers may sell Notes to subsequent purchasers in individually negotiated transactions at negotiated 
prices, which may vary among different purchasers and which may be greater or less than the aggregate 
issue price of the Notes. 
Selling Restrictions
United States
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 (the “Securities 
Act”) or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. No 
person has registered nor will register as a commodity pool operator of the Issuer under the U.S. Commodity 
Exchange Act of 1936 (the “CEA”) and the rules of the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission 
thereunder.  
Notes may not at any time be offered, sold or, in the case of Notes in bearer form, delivered within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any person who is (a) a U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S 
under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”)), (b) a U.S. person (as defined in the credit risk retention rules 
issued under Section 15G of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “U.S. Credit Risk Retention 
Rules”)) or (c) not a Non-United States person (as defined in Rule 4.7 under the CEA, but excluding for 
purposes of subsection (D) thereof, the exception to the extent that it would apply to persons who are not 
Non-United States persons (“Rule 4.7”)). Terms used in this paragraph and not otherwise defined have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Notes in bearer form having a maturity of more than one year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and 
may not at any time be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United 
States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations (but excluding for purposes of 
U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D), transactions that would permit resale of the Notes after the expiration of 
the restricted period to a person who is within the United States or its possessions or to a United States 
person). Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
and regulations thereunder. 
The Dealer for the relevant Tranche will represent and agree that it has not offered, sold, otherwise 
transferred or, in the case of Notes in bearer form, delivered and will not at any time offer, sell, pledge, 
otherwise transfer or, in the case of Notes in bearer form, deliver the Notes of any such Tranche as part of 
their distribution or otherwise at any time within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any 
person who is (a) a U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S), (b) a U.S. person (as defined in the U.S. Credit 
Risk Retention Rules) or (c) not a Non-United States person (as defined in Rule 4.7), and it will have sent to 
each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice 
setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S), U.S. persons (as defined in the U.S. Credit Risk

--- Page 330 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
330
Retention Rules) and persons who are not Non-United States persons (as defined in Rule 4.7). Terms used in 
this paragraph and not otherwise defined have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within the United 
States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of 
the Securities Act. 
Each Noteholder, Couponholder and beneficial owner of a Note, will, on each date on which such person (x) 
accepts delivery of the base prospectus relating to the Issuer and the Programme, a standalone prospectus 
produced by the Issuer in respect of a particular Tranche of Notes or other offering document in respect of 
such Notes and (y) purchases such Note or a beneficial interest therein, be deemed to have given the 
representations, agreements and acknowledgments in Condition 24(b) (Deemed representations, agreements 
and acknowledgments), including that it understands that each Global Note, Definitive Bearer Note and 
Certificate will bear a legend to the following effect: 
“[ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS 
PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.] 
THE NOTES REPRESENTED BY THIS [NOTE/CERTIFICATE] HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE 
REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”) 
OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION 
OF THE UNITED STATES. 
THE NOTES REPRESENTED BY THIS [NOTE/CERTIFICATE] MAY NOT AT ANY TIME BE OFFERED[,] 
[OR] SOLD [OR DELIVERED] WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR 
BENEFIT OF, ANY PERSON WHO IS (A) A U.S. PERSON (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT), (B) A U.S. PERSON (AS DEFINED IN THE CREDIT RISK RETENTION RULES 
ISSUED UNDER SECTION 15G OF THE U.S. SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934) OR (C) NOT A 
NON-UNITED STATES PERSON (AS DEFINED IN RULE 4.7 UNDER THE U.S. COMMODITY 
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1936, BUT EXCLUDING FOR PURPOSES OF SUBSECTION (D) THEREOF, THE 
EXCEPTION TO THE EXTENT THAT IT WOULD APPLY TO PERSONS WHO ARE NOT NON-UNITED 
STATES PERSONS). TERMS USED ABOVE AND NOT OTHERWISE DEFINED HAVE THE MEANINGS 
GIVEN TO THEM BY REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. 
EACH HOLDER OF THIS [NOTE/CERTIFICATE] OR OWNER OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN THIS 
[NOTE/CERTIFICATE] WILL, ON THE DATE OF PURCHASE OF SUCH NOTE OR BENEFICIAL 
INTEREST, BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED, AGREED AND ACKNOWLEDGED AS FOLLOWS: 
(i) 
THE NOTES OR SUCH BENEFICIAL INTEREST HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED IN AN OFFSHORE 
TRANSACTION (AS SUCH TERM IS DEFINED UNDER REGULATION S UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT); 
(ii) 
IT IS NOT AN INELIGIBLE INVESTOR; 
(iii) TO THE EXTENT IT IS ACTING FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF ANOTHER PERSON, SUCH 
OTHER PERSON IS NOT AN INELIGIBLE INVESTOR; 
(iv) NO PERSON HAS REGISTERED NOR WILL REGISTER AS A “COMMODITY POOL OPERATOR” 
OF THE ISSUER UNDER THE U.S. COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT OF 1936 AND THE U.S. 
COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION RULES THEREUNDER; 
(v) THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT 
AND IT WILL NOT, AT ANY TIME DURING THE TERM OF THE NOTES, OFFER, SELL, PLEDGE, 
OTHERWISE TRANSFER OR, IN THE CASE OF NOTES IN BEARER FORM, DELIVER NOTES OR

--- Page 331 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
331
ANY INTEREST THEREIN WITHIN THE UNITED STATES TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR 
BENEFIT OF, ANY PERSON WHO IS AN INELIGIBLE INVESTOR; 
(vi) ANY TRANSFER BY SUCH NOTEHOLDER, COUPONHOLDER OR BENEFICIAL OWNER TO OR 
FOR THE BENEFIT OF AN INELIGIBLE INVESTOR AT ANY TIME DURING THE TERM OF THE 
RELEVANT NOTE WILL BE OF NO FORCE AND EFFECT, WILL BE VOID AB INITIO, AND WILL 
NOT OPERATE TO TRANSFER ANY RIGHTS TO THE TRANSFEREE, NOTWITHSTANDING ANY 
INSTRUCTIONS TO THE CONTRARY TO THE ISSUER, THE REGISTRAR, THE TRUSTEE OR 
ANY INTERMEDIARY; 
(vii) THE ISSUER MAY: 
(A) 
AT ANY TIME, COMPEL ANY NOTEHOLDER, COUPONHOLDER OR BENEFICIAL OWNER 
OF NOTES TO CERTIFY THAT SUCH NOTEHOLDER, COUPONHOLDER OR BENEFICIAL 
OWNER IS NOT AN INELIGIBLE INVESTOR; 
(B) 
REFUSE TO HONOUR THE TRANSFER OF A NOTE, A COUPON OR A BENEFICIAL 
INTEREST IN NOTES TO THE EXTENT SUCH TRANSFER IS TO OR FOR THE BENEFIT 
OF AN INELIGIBLE INVESTOR; AND 
(C) 
COMPEL ANY NOTEHOLDER, COUPONHOLDER OR BENEFICIAL OWNER OF NOTES 
THAT IS AN INELIGIBLE INVESTOR TO: 
(II) 
TRANSFER SUCH NOTES, COUPONS OR INTERESTS IN THE NOTES TO A 
PERSON WHO IS NOT AN INELIGIBLE INVESTOR; OR 
(III) 
TRANSFER SUCH NOTES, COUPONS OR INTERESTS IN THE NOTES TO THE 
ISSUER AT A PRICE EQUAL TO THE AGGREGATE OF: 
(X) 
THE SPECIFIED CURRENCY EQUIVALENT OF ALL CASH SUMS DERIVED 
FROM THE SALE OF AN AMOUNT OF THE COLLATERAL FOR THE SERIES 
(EQUAL TO THE PROPORTION THAT THE AGGREGATE PRINCIPAL 
AMOUNT OF THE NOTES TO BE TRANSFERRED BEARS TO THE 
AGGREGATE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF ALL NOTES OF SUCH SERIES 
OUTSTANDING ON THE TRANSFER DATE) NET OF ANY TAXES, COSTS OR 
CHARGES INCURRED ON SUCH SALE (PROVIDED THAT THE PRINCIPAL 
AMOUNT OF COLLATERAL TO BE SOLD SHALL BE ROUNDED DOWN TO 
THE NEAREST AMOUNT THAT WOULD BE CAPABLE OF BEING 
DELIVERED, ASSIGNED OR TRANSFERRED); AND 
(Y) 
ANY 
TERMINATION 
PAYMENT 
PAYABLE 
IN 
RESPECT 
OF 
THE 
CORRESPONDING PARTIAL TERMINATION OF THE SWAP AGREEMENT, 
THE REPO AGREEMENT AND THE SL AGREEMENT FOR THE SERIES 
(EXPRESSED AS A POSITIVE NUMBER IF SUCH AMOUNT WOULD BE 
PAYABLE TO THE ISSUER OR A NEGATIVE AMOUNT IF SUCH AMOUNT 
WOULD BE PAYABLE BY THE ISSUER); AND 
(viii) THE ISSUER, THE DEALER AND ITS AFFILIATES, AND OTHERS WILL RELY UPON THE TRUTH 
AND ACCURACY OF THE FOREGOING ACKNOWLEDGMENTS, REPRESENTATIONS AND 
AGREEMENTS.”. 
Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors
(A) 
EEA Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors: The Dealer for the relevant Tranche will represent and 
agree that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any Notes to any retail investor. For the purposes of this provision:

--- Page 332 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
332
(i) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a “Retail client” as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EC (as 
amended, “MiFID II”); 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or 
(c) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the 
“Prospectus Regulation”); and  
(ii) 
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
(B) 
UK Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors: The Dealer for the relevant Tranche will represent and 
agree that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any Notes to any retail investor. For the purposes of this provision: 
(i) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565, as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014, as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(c) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation, as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(ii) 
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.”. 
United Kingdom
The Dealer for the relevant Tranche will represent and agree that: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes 
other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of FSMA by the Issuer; 
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which Section 21(1) of FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of FSMA with respect to anything done by 
it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.

--- Page 333 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
333
Jersey 
The Dealer for the relevant Tranche has agreed that it has not made and will not make any invitation to the 
public in Jersey to subscribe for the Notes or any offer of Notes which would require a Registrar's consent to 
be granted pursuant to the Companies (General Provisions) (Jersey) Order 2002 (as amended). 
Neither the Issuer nor the Dealer for the relevant Tranche has authorised, nor does any of them authorise, the 
making of any offer of Notes by the circulation of a prospectus as defined under the Companies (Jersey) Law 
1991 (as amended). 
Ireland
The Dealer for the relevant Tranche will represent and agree that: 
(i) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, the Notes otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of 
the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as amended), including, 
without limitation, Regulation 5 (Requirement for authorisation (and certain provisions concerning MTFs 
and OTFs)) thereof, or any rules or codes of conduct made under the European Union (Markets in 
Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as amended), and the provisions of the Investor 
Compensation Act 1998 (as amended); 
(ii) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, the Notes otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of 
the Companies Act 2014, the Central Bank Acts 1942 2018 (as amended) and any codes of practice 
made under Section 117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989 (as amended); 
(iii) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, or do anything in Ireland in respect of, the Notes otherwise 
than in conformity with the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation, the European Union (Prospectus) 
Regulations 2019 and any rules and guidance issued by the Central Bank under Section 1363 of the 
Companies Act 2014; and 
(iv) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, place or otherwise act in Ireland in respect of, the Notes otherwise 
than in conformity with the provisions of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU 596/2014) (as amended), 
the European Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 2016 (as amended) and any rules and guidance 
issued by the Central Bank under Section 1370 of the Companies Act 2014. 
France
The Dealer for the relevant Tranche will represent and agree that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or 
sell, directly or indirectly, Notes to the public in France, and has not distributed or caused to be distributed and 
will not distribute or cause to be distributed to the public in France, the Base Prospectus, any Transaction 
Document or any other offering material relating to the Notes, and that such offers, sales and distributions 
have been and shall only be made in France only to: (a) providers of investment services relating to portfolio 
management for the account of third parties (personnes fournissant le service d’investissement de gestion de 
portefeuille pour compte de tiers); and/or (b) qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) acting for their own 
account, all as defined in, and in accordance with, Articles L.411-1, L.411-2 and D.411-1 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier. 
Hong Kong
The Base Prospectus has not been and will not be approved by or registered with the Securities and Futures 
Commission of Hong Kong or the Registrar of Companies of Hong Kong. No person may offer or sell in Hong 
Kong, by means of any document, any Notes other than (i) to “professional investors” as defined in the 
Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571, Laws of Hong Kong) and any rules made thereunder, or (ii) in 
other circumstances which do not result in the document being a “prospectus” as defined in the Companies 
(Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32, Laws of Hong Kong) (the “C(WUMP)O”) or 
which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O. No person may issue or

--- Page 334 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
334
have in its possession for the purposes of issue, in each case whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any 
advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Notes which is directed at, or the contents of which are 
likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the laws of Hong 
Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside 
Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571, 
Laws of Hong Kong) and any rules made thereunder. 
Japan
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”). Accordingly, the 
Dealer for the relevant Tranche will represent and agree that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold 
and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of 
Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other 
entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan 
or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other 
relevant laws and regulations of Japan. 
People’s Republic of China
The Dealer for the relevant Tranche will acknowledge that the offer of any Notes is not an offer of securities 
within the meaning of the securities laws of the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) or other pertinent laws 
and regulations of the PRC and that such Notes are not being offered or sold and may not be offered or sold, 
directly or indirectly, in the PRC (for such purposes, not including the Hong Kong Special Administrative 
Region, the Macau Special Administrative Region or Taiwan), except as permitted by the securities laws of 
the PRC. 
Singapore 
The Dealer for the relevant Tranche will acknowledge that the Base Prospectus has not been registered as a 
prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, the Dealer for the relevant Tranche will 
represent and agree that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused any Notes to be made the subject of 
an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause any Notes to be made 
the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it 
circulate or distribute, the Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or 
sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of any Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in 
Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 
2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA 
or (ii) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to and in accordance with the 
conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA. 
Taiwan
The Notes, if listed on the Taipei Exchange for sale to professional or general investors in Taiwan and to the 
extent permitted by the relevant Taiwan laws and regulations, may be sold in Taiwan to all professional or 
general investors, as applicable, or, if not listed in Taiwan, may be made available: (i) to investors in Taiwan 
through licensed Taiwan financial institutions to the extent permitted under relevant Taiwan laws and 
regulations; (ii) to the Offshore Banking Units of Taiwan Banks (including Taiwan branches of foreign banks) 
purchasing the Notes either for their proprietary account, in trust for their non Taiwan trust clients or for 
purposes of on sale to qualified Taiwan investors; (iii) to the Offshore Securities Units of Taiwan securities 
firms (including Taiwan branches of foreign securities firms) purchasing the Notes for their proprietary 
account, in trust for their trust clients, as agent for their brokerage clients or for purposes of on sale to 
qualified Taiwan investors; (iv) the Offshore Insurance Units of Taiwan Insurance companies (including 
Taiwan branches of foreign insurance companies) purchasing the Notes for their proprietary account or in

--- Page 335 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
335
connection with the issuance of investment linked insurance policies to non Taiwan policy holders; or (v) 
outside of Taiwan to Taiwan resident investors for purchase by such investors outside Taiwan, but may not 
otherwise be offered, sold or resold in Taiwan. 
Republic of Korea (“Korea”)
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Investment Services and Capital 
Markets Act of Korea (the “FSCMA”). Accordingly, each of the Dealers for the relevant Tranche, severally but 
not jointly, will be required to represent and agree, that the Notes have not been and will not be offered, sold 
or delivered, directly or indirectly, in Korea or to or for the account or benefit of any Korean resident (as such 
term is defined in the Foreign Exchange Transaction Law of Korea and its Enforcement Decree) except as 
otherwise permitted under applicable Korean laws and regulations. Furthermore, a holder of the Notes will be 
prohibited from offering, delivering or selling any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Korea or to any Korean 
resident for a period of one year from the date of issuance of the Notes except as otherwise permitted under 
applicable Korean laws and regulations. Each of the Dealers for the relevant Tranche, severally but not jointly, 
will undertake to use commercially reasonable best measures as a Dealer in the ordinary course of its 
business so that any securities dealer to which it sells the Notes confirms that it is purchasing such Notes as 
principal and agrees with such Dealer that it will comply with the restrictions described above. 
General
Modified selling restrictions may be included in the applicable Accessory Conditions for a Tranche of Notes 
and may be subsequently modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealer for the relevant Tranche 
following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in the 
Accessory Conditions issued in respect of the issue of Notes to which it relates or in a supplement to this 
Base Prospectus. 
No representation is made that any action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public 
offering of any of the Notes, or possession or distribution of this Base Prospectus or any other offering 
material or any Accessory Conditions, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
The Dealer for each Tranche of Notes will agree that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all 
relevant laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers 
Notes or has in its possession or distributes this Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any 
Accessory Conditions and neither the Issuer nor any Dealer shall have responsibility therefor.

--- Page 336 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
336
GENERAL INFORMATION
(i) 
The establishment of the Programme of each Issuer was authorised:  
(a) 
in respect of the Jersey Issuer, by a resolution of the Jersey Board passed on 3 April 2023. This 
Base Prospectus was presented to the Jersey Board in connection with the update of the 
Programme and approved by a resolution of the Jersey Board passed on 3 April 2024; and 
(b) 
in respect of the Irish Issuer, by a resolution of the Irish Board passed on 4 April 2006. This Base 
Prospectus was presented to the Irish Board in connection with the update of the Programme 
and approved by a resolution of the Irish Board passed on 28 March 2024. 
(ii) 
There has been no significant change in the financial or trading position of the Jersey Issuer and no 
material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Jersey Issuer, in each case since 8 
December 2022, being the date of the Jersey Issuer’s incorporation.  
(iii) 
There has been no significant change in the financial or trading position of the Irish Issuer and no 
material adverse change in the financial positions or prospects of the Irish Issuer, in each case since 31 
March 2022, being the date of the Irish Issuer’s last audited financials.  
(iv) 
Each Issuer is not nor has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
(including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the relevant Issuer is aware) 
which may have, or have had in the previous 12 months, a significant effect on its financial position or 
profitability. 
(v) 
Each Bearer Note having a maturity of more than one year, Receipt and Coupon will bear the following 
legend: “Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the 
United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the 
Internal Revenue Code”. 
(vi) 
Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg systems 
(which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The Common Code, the International 
Securities Identification Number (ISIN), the Financial Instrument Short Name (FISN), the Classification 
of Financial Instruments Code (CFI) (as applicable) and (where applicable) the identification number for 
any other relevant clearing system for each Series will be set out in the applicable Accessory 
Conditions. 
(vii) 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. The address of any 
alternative clearing system will be specified in the applicable Accessory Conditions. 
(viii) 
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third parties, this information has 
been accurately reproduced and, as far as each Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the 
information published by such third parties, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The source of third party information is identified 
where used. Any websites included in this Base Prospectus are for information purposes only and do 
not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank of 
Ireland. 
(ix) 
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes will be determined, before filing of the applicable 
Accessory Conditions of each Tranche, based on then prevailing market conditions. Each Issuer does 
not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issues of Notes. 
(x) 
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus and, in respect of paragraph (c) 
below only, for so long as the relevant listed Note is outstanding, (i) physical or electronic copies of the

--- Page 337 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
337
following documents will be available during the hours between 9.00 a.m. and 5.00 p.m. (with respect 
to the location of the relevant offices specified below) on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public 
holidays excepted), for inspection at the registered office of the relevant Issuer and at the Specified 
Office of the Issuing and Paying Agent and (ii) the electronic copies may be provided by the Issuing 
and Paying Agent by email to a holder requesting copies of such documents (save that the documents 
referred to in paragraphs (d) and (e) below will only be available for inspection by a holder of a Note of 
the relevant Series and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the relevant Issuer or the 
Issuing and Paying Agent, as applicable, as to its holding of Notes and identity): 
(a) 
in respect of the Jersey Issuer, the Articles;  
(b) 
in respect of the Irish Issuer, the PG Constitution; 
(c) 
such other documents as may be required by the rules of any stock exchange on which any 
Note is at the relevant time listed; 
(d) 
the documentation comprising the Trust Deed for the relevant Series; and 
(e) 
the Accessory Conditions, the Issue Deed in respect of such Accessory Conditions (including 
any amendments and supplements to the Master Trust Terms), each Collateral Sale Agreement, 
each confirmation (and, where applicable, each transaction supplement) evidencing a Swap 
Transaction, a Repo Transaction or an SL Transaction in relation to the Series, as applicable. 
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, electronic copies of (a) the 
Articles or the PG Constitution (as applicable) and (b) the Master Trust Terms will be available for 
inspection on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin).  
At the time of issuance of a Series that is listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the 
Regulated Market, an electronic copy of the Series Prospectus, which contains a list of amendments, if 
any, made to the Master Trust Terms in respect of the Series, will be available for inspection on the 
website of Euronext Dublin (https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin). 
(xi) 
This Base Prospectus and the Final Terms or the Series Prospectus, as applicable, for Notes that are 
listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market will be published on the 
website of Euronext Dublin (https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin).

--- Page 338 ---
APPENDIX 1 - FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
338
APPENDIX 1
FORM OF FINAL TERMS
Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties 
and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council on markets in financial instruments (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer’s target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer’s target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor (being, for these purposes, any retail investor within or 
outside (i) the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or (ii) the United Kingdom (“UK”)). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a “retail client” as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) 
of [Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and the Council on markets in financial instruments 
(as amended, “MiFID II”)][MiFID II] or a “retail client” as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565, as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended) or within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, in each case, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in, 
respectively, point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II and point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014, 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”) or Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation, as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”) (each as amended).  
No key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs 
Regulation”) or the PRIIPs Regulation, as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK 
PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA or in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA or in the UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation or the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation.
Final Terms  
dated [●] 
[Mintaka Limited
(a private company incorporated under the laws of Jersey with registered office at 2nd Floor, Sir Walter Raleigh House, 48-50 
Esplanade, St. Helier, JE2 3QB, Jersey, with registration number 146594)
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 5493007WXQM4Z3P4IQ19] 
[Premium Green PLC
(a public limited company incorporated under the laws of Ireland with registered office at 3rd Floor, Block 5, Irish Life Centre, 
1 Abbey Street Lower, Dublin 1, Ireland) 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 5493000S7VTDPDFJCP28] 
Issue of [SERIES NUMBER][SPECIFIED CURRENCY][AGGREGATE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF 
TRANCHE] [TITLE OF NOTES] due [●]

--- Page 339 ---
APPENDIX 1 - FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
339
under the Secured Note Programme
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS
Terms used and not defined herein shall have the meaning given to such terms in the Master Conditions set 
forth in the base prospectus dated 11 April 2024 [and the supplemental base prospectus[es] dated [INSERT 
DATE] [and [INSERT DATE]]] ([together, ]the “Base Prospectus”) which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. For the purpose of these Final Terms, references 
to Accessory Conditions in the Base Prospectus shall be read and construed as references to Final Terms in 
respect of the Notes. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus. Full 
information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these 
Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin (https://www.euronext.com). 
[By purchasing the Notes, the Noteholders hereby ratify the selection of each member of the board of 
directors of the Issuer, as identified in the Base Prospectus, and confirm that such ratification is being made 
without selection or control by Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank or any of its affiliates.] 
The Notes issued by the Issuer will be subject to the Master Conditions and also to the following terms (such 
terms, together with any schedules or annexes hereto, the “Final Terms”) in relation to the Notes. 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to [specify benchmark], which is provided 
by [specify administrator’s legal name]. As at the date of these Final Terms, [specify administrator’s legal 
name] [appears][does not appear] on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to article 36 of the Benchmark 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the “BMR”). 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [[specify benchmark] does not fall within the scope of the BMR by virtue of 
Article 2 of that regulation,] / [the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the BMR apply,] such that [specify 
administrator’s legal name] is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located 
outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).] 
(Italics and footnotes herein denote guidance for completing the Final Terms and should be deleted prior to 
completing these Final Terms.) 
(Note: Headings are for ease of reference only.) 
GENERAL
1
Issuer: 
[Mintaka Limited]/[Premium Green PLC] 
2
[(i)] Series Number: 
[●] 
[(ii) Classes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[This Series comprises [●] classes (each, a “Class” or 
“Class of Notes”). The Notes of each Class will rank 
pari passu and without any preference among 
themselves and each Class will rank pari passu and 
without any preference between the Classes.]] (Include 
if Classes are applicable) 
(If Classes are applicable, populate each paragraph 
below with the relevant information for each Class)
[(iii) Tranche Number: 
[●]]

--- Page 340 ---
APPENDIX 1 - FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
340
(An initial Tranche should be specified as 
Tranche 1. Otherwise, as the Tranche will 
be fungible with an existing Series or 
Class, the Tranche Number(s) will 
increase sequentially and details of that 
Series or Class, including the date on 
which the Notes become fungible, will 
need to be provided here) 
3
Specified Currency: 
[●] 
4
Aggregate principal amount of Notes: 
[(i)] Series: 
[●] 
[(ii)  Class: 
[●]] (Insert details for all applicable Classes) 
[(iii) Tranche: 
[●]] 
5
Issue price: 
[●] per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes 
6
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] [and integral multiples of the Calculation Amount in 
excess thereof up to and including [●]] 
(Minimum of €100,000 or its equivalent in the Specified 
Currency) 
(See ICMA standard documentation, standard language 
and/or latest guidance, in particular for Notes with a 
maturity of less than one year or if the specified 
denomination is expressed to be €100,000 or its 
equivalent and integral multiples of a lower principal 
amount) 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●]  
(The applicable Calculation Amount will be (i) if there is 
only one Specified Denomination, the Specified 
Denomination of the relevant Notes or (ii) if there are 
several Specified Denominations, the highest common 
factor of those Specified Denominations or (iii) if the 
Specified Denomination provides for the possibility of 
integral multiples in excess thereof, the size of the 
integral multiple)
7
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Issue Date]/[Specify if other]/[Not Applicable] 
(iii) Initial Reference Date: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]  
(The applicable form of the ISDA Definitions will be 
locked in as of such date for the purposes of this Series 
and should typically be on or prior to the date on which 
an issuance proposal is delivered to the Issuer, such as 
the trade date for the Notes) 
8
Maturity Date: 
[●] (Specify date) [subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the [[Following]/[Modified Following]/[Preceding]

--- Page 341 ---
APPENDIX 1 - FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
341
Business Day Convention]] 
9
Business Days applicable to Maturity Date: 
[●]  
(Insert applicable Business Day centres, e.g. London, 
New York, TARGET) 
10
Interest Basis: 
[Fixed Rate] 
[Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(Further 
particulars 
specified, 
as 
applicable, 
in 
paragraphs 24 and 25 of these Final Terms) 
11
Material Change Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
12
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Bearer Notes: 
[No]/[Yes. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, talons may be required if, on exchange into 
definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments are still 
to be made]/[Specify details]/[Not Applicable] 
13
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at Final Redemption Amount, subject to 
the other provisions herein] 
[Instalment, subject to the other provisions herein] 
14
Date Board approval for issuance of Notes 
obtained: 
[●] 
15
Transaction Documents: 
[As per Master Conditions]/[●] 
16
Transaction Parties: 
[As per Master Conditions]/[●] 
17
Expected Note Withholding Rate: 
[●] 
18
Expected Original Collateral Tax Rate: 
[●] 
19
Expected Original Collateral Withholding 
Rate: 
[●] 
MORTGAGED PROPERTY
20
Mortgaged Property: 
(i) 
Original Collateral: 
The Original Collateral shall comprise [●] in principal 
amount of an issue by [insert name of the obligor of the 
underlying assets][, guaranteed by [insert name of 
guarantor],] of its [insert description of the underlying 
assets] identified below: 
Original Collateral Obligor - 
Issuer: 
[●] 
Address:
[●] 
Country of Incorporation: 
[●] 
Business Activities: 
[●] 
Regulated or equivalent third 
country market or SME Growth 
Market on which the relevant 
Original Collateral Obligor has 
securities admitted to trading: 
[●]

--- Page 342 ---
APPENDIX 1 - FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
342
[Original Collateral Obligor – 
Guarantor: 
[●] 
Address: 
[●] 
Country of Incorporation: 
[●] 
Business Activities: 
[●] 
Regulated or equivalent third 
country 
market 
or 
SME 
Growth Market on which the 
relevant 
Original 
Collateral 
Obligor 
has 
securities 
admitted to trading: 
[●]] 
[Indirect Obligor: 
[●] 
Address: 
[●] 
Country of Incorporation:
[●] 
Business Activities:
[●] 
Regulated or equivalent third 
country market or SME Growth 
Market on which the relevant 
Indirect Obligor has securities 
admitted to trading:
[●]] 
Asset: 
ISIN: 
[●] 
Coupon: 
[●] 
Maturity: 
[●] 
Currency: 
[●] 
Governing Law: 
[●] 
Senior/Subordinated 
[●] 
[Admitted to trading on the 
following markets: 
[●]] 
[Documentation: 
[●]] 
[Add details of any further Original Collateral] 
(If “Applicable – Repo and Reverse Repo” is applicable, 
then Original Collateral should be specified as “Not 
Applicable”)
(ii) 
Original Collateral Obligor Reference 
Date: 
[●]  
(The date should typically be on or prior to the date on 
which an issuance proposal is delivered to the Issuer, 
such as the trade date for the Notes) 
(iii) [Purchase of Original Collateral: 
[The Issuer will purchase the Original Collateral from 
the Vendor on the Issue Date pursuant to the Collateral 
Sale Agreement]/[Specify other Original Collateral sale 
arrangement, provided such arrangement does not

--- Page 343 ---
APPENDIX 1 - FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
343
involve any amendment to the Master Conditions.] 
(iv) Substitution of Original Collateral: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(v) Swap Agreement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(vi) Swap Counterparty: 
[Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank]/[●]  
(Specify Approved Swap Counterparty) 
(vii) Credit Support Annex: 
[Not Applicable] 
(viii) Repo Agreement: 
[Applicable - Reverse Repo] 
[Applicable - Repo and Reverse Repo] 
[Not Applicable] 
(ix) Repo Counterparty: 
[Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank]/[●]  
(Specify Approved Repo Counterparty) 
(x) SL Agreement: 
[Applicable] 
[Not Applicable] 
(xi) SL Counterparty: 
[Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank]/[●]  
(Specify Approved SL Counterparty) 
21
Additional Security Documents: 
[Specify] 
[Applicable 
On or about the Issue Date, the Issuer, the Custodian 
and the Trustee will[, by executing the Issue Deed,] 
enter into a pledge agreement expressed to be 
governed by Japanese law (as the same may be 
amended, supplemented, modified, varied or replaced 
from time to time, the “Japanese Pledge”) pursuant to 
which the Issuer will grant a pledge (shichiken) in favour 
of the Trustee over all of the Issuer’s right, title and 
interest in and to the Pledged Collateral (as defined in 
the Japanese Pledge) held by it through the Custodian 
to secure the Secured Payment Obligations of the 
Issuer] 
[Applicable 
On or about the Issue Date, the Issuer, the Custodian 
and the Trustee will[, by executing the Issue Deed,] 
enter into a pledge agreement expressed to be 
governed by Korean law (as the same may be 
amended, supplemented, modified, varied or replaced 
from time to time, the “Korean Pledge”) pursuant to 
which the Issuer will grant a pledge (Kun Jil Kwon) in 
favour of the Trustee over all of the Issuer’s right, title 
and interest in and to the Pledged Collateral (as defined 
in the Korean Pledge) held by it through the Custodian 
(or a sub-custodian on its behalf) to secure the Secured 
Payment Obligations of the Issuer.] 
[Not Applicable] 
22
Security: 
[As per Master Conditions]/[●]

--- Page 344 ---
APPENDIX 1 - FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
344
23
Application of Available Proceeds: 
[As per Master Conditions]/[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
24
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable [annually]/[semi- 
annually]/[quarterly]/[monthly]/[Specify if other] in arrear 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year, with the first such date being [●] and 
the last such date being [●]]/[Specify if other] 
(iii) Interest Period End Dates: 
[[●] in each year, with the first such date being [●] and 
the last such date being [●]]/[Specify if other] 
(iv) Business Days applicable to Interest 
Payment Dates and Interest Period 
End Dates: 
[●]  
(Insert applicable Business Day centres, e.g. London, 
New York, TARGET) 
(v) Business Day Convention applicable 
to Interest Payment Dates: 
[Following]/[Modified Following]/[Preceding]
Business 
Day Convention 
(vi) Business Day Convention applicable 
to Interest Period End Dates: 
[[Following]/[Modified Following]/[Preceding] Business 
Day Convention]/[No Adjustment] 
(vii) [Interest Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount in respect of each Interest 
Period[, provided that in respect of the Interest Period 
ending on (but excluding) the Interest Payment Date[s] 
falling on [●], [●] per Calculation Amount].]/[Specify]] 
(viii) Day Count Fraction: 
[1/1] 
[Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual-ISDA] 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Act/365L] 
[Calculation/252] 
[RBA Bond Basis] 
25
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year, with the first such date being [●] and 
the last such date being [●]]/[Specify if other] 
(ii) 
Interest Period End Dates: 
[[●] in each year, with the first such date being [●] and 
the last such date being [●]]/[Specify if other] 
(iii) Business Days applicable to Interest 
Payment Dates and Interest Period 
End Dates: 
[●]  
(Insert applicable Business Day centres, e.g. London, 
New York, TARGET)

--- Page 345 ---
APPENDIX 1 - FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
345
(iv) Business Day Convention applicable 
to Interest Payment Dates: 
[Following]/[Modified Following]/[Preceding]
Business 
Day Convention 
(v) Business Day Convention applicable 
to Interest Period End Dates: 
[[Following]/[Modified Following]/[Preceding] Business 
Day Convention]/[No Adjustment] 
(vi) Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are determined: 
[“ISDA Rate: 2006 ISDA Definitions”]/[“ISDA Rate: 2021 
ISDA Definitions”] as per Master Conditions 
(vii) Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s): 
[Calculation Agent, as per Master Conditions]/[●] 
(viii) ISDA Rate: 2006 ISDA Definitions 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
- 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
- 
Designated Maturity: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]  
(Specify as Not Applicable if Overnight Floating Rate 
Option is Applicable) 
- 
Reset Date: 
[●]/[Last day of the relevant Interest Period]/[First day of 
the relevant Interest Period]/[In respect of each Interest 
Period, the first day of the next following Interest Period, 
provided that in the case of the final Interest Period, the 
Maturity Date (Include this wording only if “Arrears 
Setting” applies)] 
- 
[Average Rate Fixing Day: 
[[First day of the next following Interest Accrual Period 
or in the case of the final Interest Accrual Period, the 
Termination Date]/[The day [●] Applicable Business 
Days preceding the [Reset Date]/[first day of the next 
following Interest Accrual Period or in the case of the 
final Interest Accrual Period, the Termination Date]]  
(Only include if the specified Floating Rate Option is a 
Published Average Rate)] 
- 
Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[Delayed Interest Payment Days: [●] Reference 
Business Days] 
(Include Delayed Interest Payment Days if Delayed 
Payment is Applicable) 
(Consider in particular if Delayed Payment should apply 
where OIS Compounding or Overnight Averaging 
applies) 
- 
Overnight Floating Rate Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete sub-paragraphs below) 
(1) Overnight Rate 
Compounding/ Averaging 
Method: 
[Overnight Rate Compounding Method]/[Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method] 
(2) Overnight Rate 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 346 ---
APPENDIX 1 - FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
346
Compounding Method:  
(Specify as Not Applicable if an Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method applies and delete sub-paragraphs 
below) 
(If Applicable, select only the Compounding Method 
below that is being elected and delete all other 
Compounding Methods and their sub-paragraphs) 
[OIS Compounding: Applicable  
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2006 
ISDA Definitions]] 
[Compounding with Lookback: Applicable  
- 
Lookback: 
[[●] 
Applicable 
Business 
Days]/[As 
per 
2006 
ISDA Definitions] 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2006 
ISDA Definitions]] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift: Applicable 
- 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
- 
Observation 
Period 
Shift: 
[[●] 
Observation Period Shift Business 
Days]/[As 
per 
2006 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
- 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional Business Days: [●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2006 
ISDA Definitions]] 
[Compounding with Lockout: Applicable 
- 
Lockout: 
[[●] 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days]/[As 
per 
2006 
ISDA Definitions] 
- 
Lockout Period Business Days:

--- Page 347 ---
APPENDIX 1 - FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
347
[●]/[As per 2006 ISDA Definitions] 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2006 
ISDA Definitions]] 
(3) Overnight Rate Averaging 
Method: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(Specify as Not Applicable if an Overnight Rate 
Compounding 
Method 
applies 
and 
delete 
sub-
paragraphs below) 
(If Applicable, select only the Averaging Method below 
that is being elected and delete all other Averaging 
Methods and their sub-paragraphs) 
[Overnight Averaging: Applicable 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lookback: Applicable 
- 
Lookback: 
[[●] 
Applicable 
Business 
Days]/[As 
per 
2006 
ISDA Definitions] 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift: Applicable 
- 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
- 
Observation 
Period 
Shift: 
[[●] 
Observation Period Shift Business 
Days]/[As 
per 
2006 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
- 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional Business Days: [●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout: Applicable 
- 
Lockout: 
[[●] 
Lockout 
Period

--- Page 348 ---
APPENDIX 1 - FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
348
Business 
Days]/[As 
per 
2006 
ISDA Definitions] 
- 
Lockout Period Business Days: 
[●]/[As per 2006 ISDA Definitions] 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
- 
Index Floating Rate Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable, delete sub-paragraphs below) 
(1) Index Method: 
(If Index Floating Rate Option is Applicable, select only 
the Index Method below that is being elected and delete 
all other Index Methods and their sub-paragraphs.) 
(If Index Floating Rate Option is Not Applicable, delete 
sub-paragraphs below) 
[Compounded Index Method: Applicable 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2006 
ISDA Definitions]] 
[Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift: Applicable 
- 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
- 
Observation 
Period 
Shift: 
[[●] 
Observation Period Shift Business 
Days]/[As 
per 
2006 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
- 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional Business Days: [●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2006 
ISDA Definitions]] 
[All-In Compounded Index Method: Applicable 
- 
Index LevelSTART: [●]/[As per 2006 
ISDA Definitions] 
- 
Index LevelEND: [●]/[As per 2006 
ISDA Definitions] 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2006 
ISDA Definitions]] 
(ix) ISDA Rate: 2021 ISDA Definitions 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
- 
2021 ISDA Definitions 
Publication Version: 
Version [●], dated [●] 
- 
Floating Rate Matrix Publication 
Version [●], dated [●]

--- Page 349 ---
APPENDIX 1 - FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
349
Version: 
- 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
- 
Designated Maturity: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]  
(Specify as Not Applicable if Overnight Floating Rate 
Option is Applicable) 
- 
Reset Date: 
[●]/[Last day of the relevant Interest Period]/[First day of 
the relevant Interest Period]/[In respect of each Interest 
Period, the first day of the next following Interest Period, 
provided that in the case of the final Interest Period, the 
Maturity Date (Include this wording only if “Arrears 
Setting” applies)] 
- 
Fixing Day: 
[●]/[As per 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
- 
Fixing Time: 
[●]/[As per 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
- 
Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[Delayed Interest Payment Days: [●] Reference 
Business Days] 
(Include Delayed Interest Payment Days if Delayed 
Payment is Applicable) 
(Consider in particular if Delayed Payment should apply 
where OIS Compounding or Overnight Averaging 
applies) 
- 
[Successor Benchmark: 
[●]] 
(Delete if Not Applicable) 
- 
[Successor Benchmark Effective 
Date: 
[●]] 
(Delete if Not Applicable) 
- 
[Unscheduled Holiday: 
[Delete if Not Applicable] 
(1) Interest Payment Date 
adjustment for 
Unscheduled Holiday: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(2) Interest Period End 
Date/Maturity Date 
adjustment for 
Unscheduled Holiday: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
- 
Overnight Floating Rate Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable, delete sub-paragraphs below) 
(1) Overnight Rate 
Compounding/Averaging 
Method: 
[Overnight Rate Compounding Method]/[Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method] 
(2) Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(Specify as Not Applicable if an Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method applies and delete sub-paragraphs

--- Page 350 ---
APPENDIX 1 - FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
350
below) 
(If Applicable, select only the Compounding Method 
below that is being elected and delete all other 
Compounding Methods and their sub-paragraphs) 
[OIS Compounding: Applicable  
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2021 
ISDA Definitions]] 
[Compounding with Lookback: Applicable 
- 
Lookback: 
[[●] 
Applicable 
Business 
Days]/[As 
per 
2021 
ISDA Definitions] 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2021 
ISDA Definitions]] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift: Applicable 
- 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
- 
Observation 
Period 
Shift: 
[[●] 
Observation Period Shift Business 
Days]/[As 
per 
2021 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
- 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional Business Days: [●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2021 
ISDA Definitions]] 
[Compounding with Lockout: Applicable 
- 
Lockout: 
[[●] 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days]/[As 
per 
2021 
ISDA Definitions] 
- 
Lockout Period Business Days: 
[●]/[As per 2021 ISDA Definitions]

--- Page 351 ---
APPENDIX 1 - FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
351
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2021 
ISDA Definitions]] 
[Specify other compounding method] 
(3) Overnight Rate Averaging 
Method: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(Specify as Not Applicable if an Overnight Rate 
Compounding 
Method 
applies 
and 
delete 
sub-
paragraphs below) 
(If Applicable, select only the Averaging Method below 
that is being elected and delete all other Averaging 
Methods and their sub-paragraphs) 
[Overnight Averaging: Applicable 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lookback: Applicable 
- 
Lookback: 
[[●] 
Applicable 
Business 
Days]/[As 
per 
2021 
ISDA Definitions] 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift: Applicable 
- 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
- 
Observation 
Period 
Shift: 
[[●] 
Observation Period Shift Business 
Days]/[As 
per 
2021 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
- 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional Business Days: [●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout: Applicable 
- 
Lockout: 
[[●] 
Lockout 
Period

--- Page 352 ---
APPENDIX 1 - FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
352
Business 
Days]/[As 
per 
2021 
ISDA Definitions] 
- 
Lockout Period Business Days: 
[●]/[As per 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: 
[●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Specify other averaging method] 
- 
Index Floating Rate Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable, delete sub-paragraphs below) 
(1) Index Method: 
(If Index Floating Rate Option is Applicable, select only 
the Index Method below that is being elected and delete 
all other Index Methods and their sub-paragraphs.) 
(If Index Floating Rate Option is Not Applicable, delete 
sub-paragraphs below) 
[Standard Index Method: Applicable 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2021 
ISDA Definitions]] 
[All-In Compounded Index Method: Applicable 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2021 
ISDA Definitions]] 
[Compounded Index Method: Applicable 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2021 
ISDA Definitions]] 
[Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift: Applicable 
- 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
- 
Observation 
Period 
Shift: 
[[●] 
Observation Period Shift Business 
Days]/[As 
per 
2021 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
- 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional Business Days: [●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2021 
ISDA Definitions]] 
[Specify other index method] 
(x) Reference Rate Trade Date: 
[●] 
(The date should typically be on or prior to the date on 
which an issuance proposal is delivered to the Issuer, 
such as the trade date for the Notes)

--- Page 353 ---
APPENDIX 1 - FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
353
(xi) Pre-nominated 
Replacement 
Reference Rate: 
[●]/[None specified] 
(xii) Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable - Standard]/[Applicable - 2006 ISDA 
Definitions]/[Applicable - 2021 ISDA Definitions]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Consider specifying which Interest Period(s) linear 
interpolation should apply to. If no such specification, 
linear interpolation will apply to all Interest Periods that 
are not equal to the Designated Maturity)  
[Non-Representative: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
(Include an election for Non-Representative only if 
“Applicable - 2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified, 
otherwise delete.)
(xiii) Margin(s): 
[[+]/[-][●] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
(xiv) Day Count Fraction: 
[1/1] 
[Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual-ISDA] 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Act/365L] 
[Calculation/252] 
[RBA Bond Basis] 
[Specify if other]  
(xv) Interest Determination Date: 
[With respect to each Interest Period, [●]]/[As defined in 
the Master Conditions] 
26
Default Interest: 
As per Master Conditions 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
27
Specified Final Redemption Amount of 
each Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
28
Early Cash Redemption Amount of each 
Note:  
As defined in the Master Conditions 
29
[Redemption by Instalment: 
(Specify Instalment Amounts, Instalment Dates and any 
other provisions relating to Notes that are redeemed by 
instalment)] 
30
[Issuer Call: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Issuer Call Condition: 
[Autocall Termination Trigger (Specify details)]/[Optional 
Termination Trigger (Specify details)]/[Other (Specify 
details)] 
(ii) 
[Autocall Termination Determination 
[●][, [in each case] subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the [Following]/[Modified Following]/[Preceding]

--- Page 354 ---
APPENDIX 1 - FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
354
Date: 
Business Day Convention]]  
(Specify 
where 
Autocall 
Termination 
Trigger 
is 
applicable. Otherwise, delete) 
(iii) [Optional Termination Exercise Cut-
off Date: 
[As per Master Swap Terms]/[●][, [in each case] subject 
to 
adjustment 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
[Following]/[Modified Following]/[Preceding]
Business 
Day Convention]]  
(Specify 
where 
Optional 
Termination 
Trigger 
is 
applicable. Otherwise, delete) 
(iv) Issuer Call Redemption Date: 
[●][, [in each case] subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the [Following]/[Modified Following]/[Preceding]
Business Day Convention] 
(v) Issuer Call Redemption Amount of 
each Note: 
[●]  
(vi) Issuer Call Settlement: 
[Cash to Swap Counterparty]/[Delivery to Swap 
Counterparty] 
(vii) Issuer Call Settlement Date: 
[●][, [in each case] subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the [Following]/[Modified Following]/[Preceding]
Business Day Convention] 
(viii) Issuer Call Period End Date: 
[●][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
[Following]/[Modified Following]/[Preceding]
Business 
Day Convention]/[Not Applicable]  
(Specify date in the event that interest is payable on the 
Issuer Call Settlement Date in addition to the Issuer Call 
Redemption 
Amount. 
Otherwise, 
specify 
Not 
Applicable)
(ix) [Interest payable upon Issuer Call: 
[As per Master Conditions]]  
(Include where Issuer Call Period End Date is specified. 
Where Issuer Call Period End Date is not applicable, 
delete) 
(x) [Autocall FX Rate: 
[Bid]/[Mid]/[Ask] [spot]/[forward]/[specify other] (Specify 
details) exchange rate for [●] (Include currency of 
Original Collateral) into [●] (Include Specified Currency)  
(Specify 
where 
Autocall 
Termination 
Trigger 
is 
applicable. Otherwise, delete) 
(xi) [Autocall Valuation Method: 
[Spot]/[Forward]/[Other] (Specify details) dirty bid value]  
(Specify 
where 
Autocall 
Termination 
Trigger 
is 
applicable. Otherwise, delete) 
(xii) Substitution Knockout: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]]  
(Specify as Applicable where “Substitution of Original 
Collateral” is specified as Applicable and the occurrence 
of such substitution should knock out the application of 
the Issuer Call. In all other case, Not Applicable)

--- Page 355 ---
APPENDIX 1 - FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
355
31
Noteholder Early Redemption Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
Noteholder Early Redemption Option Period: [●] 
(The Noteholder Early Redemption Option Period must 
end at least 25 Reference Business Days prior to the 
Maturity Date) 
32
Early Redemption Settlement Method: 
[Cash Settlement]/[Noteholder Settlement Option] (This 
should always be Cash Settlement where Classes are 
applicable)
33
Partial Redemption for Original Collateral 
Call/Put: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
34
Liquidation: 
As per Master Conditions 
35
Liquidation Period Cut-off: 
[10]/[30] Reference Business Days 
36
Relevant Regulatory Law Reference Date: 
[●]  
(The date should typically be on or prior to the date on 
which an issuance proposal is delivered to the Issuer, 
such as the trade date for the Notes) 
FORM OF NOTES AND AGENTS
37
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note [in respect of each Class of 
Notes] (include if Classes apply) exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Bearer Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Conditions] 
[Temporary Global Note [in respect of each Class of 
Notes] (include if Classes apply) exchangeable for 
Definitive Bearer Notes on [●] days’ notice 
(Include the following when the Notes have multiple 
denominations above €100,000 (e.g. where integral 
multiples may apply)) 
If the Temporary Global Note [in respect of each Class 
of Notes] (include if Classes apply) is exchangeable for 
definitive notes at the option of the holder, the Notes 
shall be tradable only in amounts of at least the 
Specified Denomination (or if more than one Specified 
Denomination, the lowest Specified Denomination) 
provided in paragraph 6(i) (Specified Denominations) of 
these Final Terms and multiples thereof] 
[Permanent Global Note [in respect of each Class of 
Notes] (include if Classes apply) exchangeable for 
Definitive Bearer Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Conditions]]

--- Page 356 ---
APPENDIX 1 - FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
356
[Registered Notes: 
[Global Certificate [in respect of each Class of Notes] 
(include if Classes apply) exchangeable for Certificates 
in the limited circumstances specified in the Conditions] 
[Certificates other than Global Certificates]] (Where 
Classes apply, specify that separate certificate in 
respect of each Class of Notes) 
38
Applicable TEFRA exemption: 
[TEFRA C]/[TEFRA D]/[TEFRA Not Applicable] 
39
Reference Business Day: 
[TARGET]/[TARGET 
Business 
Day]/[Specify 
other 
places, if relevant] 
40
Trustee, Agents, Custodian, Vendor: 
(i) 
Trustee: 
[HSBC Corporate Trustee Company (UK) Limited]/[●] 
(Specify name) 
(ii) 
Calculation Agent: 
[Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank]/[●] 
(Specify name and Specified Office) 
(iii) Custodian: 
[HSBC Bank plc]/[●] (Specify name and Specified 
Office) 
(iv) Disposal Agent: 
[Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank]/[●] 
(Specify name and Specified Office) 
(v) Issuing and Paying Agent: 
[HSBC Bank plc]/[●] (Specify name and Specified 
Office) 
(vi) Additional Paying Agent(s): 
[●] (Specify name and Specified Office, where 
applicable) 
(vii) Registrar: 
[HSBC Bank plc]/[●] (Specify name and Specified 
Office, where applicable) 
(viii) Transfer Agent(s): 
[HSBC Bank plc]/[●] (Specify name and Specified 
Office, where applicable) 
(ix) Vendor: 
[Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank]/[Specify name]/[Not Applicable] 
DISTRIBUTION
41
Dealer: 
[Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank]/[ 
Crédit Agricole Securities Asia B.V.]/[Specify name] 
42
Additional selling restrictions: 
[Not Applicable] 
43
Method of distribution: 
Non-syndicated 
RESPONSIBILITY
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [[Insert relevant third 
party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such information has 
been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published 
by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.] 
[Mintaka Limited]/[Premium Green PLC]:

--- Page 357 ---
APPENDIX 1 - FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
357
By: 
 ...................................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 358 ---
APPENDIX 1 - FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
358
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION
1
LISTING:
 
(i) 
Listing and admission to trading: 
Application [has been]/[will be] made for the Notes to be 
admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin and for the 
Notes to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
Euronext Dublin. [There can be no assurance that such 
application will be successful.] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue, need to indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading) 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[●] 
2
RATINGS:
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes are not rated]/[The Notes to be issued have been 
rated: 
[Fitch: [●]] 
[JCR: [●]] 
[Moody’s: [●]] 
[R&I: [●]] 
[S&P: [●]] 
[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is]/[are] [established in the 
European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 (the “CRA Regulation”)]/[not established in the 
European Union but the rating it has given to the Notes is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], 
which is established in the European Union and registered 
under 
Regulation 
(EC) 
No 
1060/2009 
(the 
“CRA 
Regulation”)] 
3
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER:
 
(Include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the 
following statement:) 
 
“Save as discussed in the section of the Base Prospectus titled “Subscription and Sale”, so far as the 
Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer” 
 
(If no conflicts have been disclosed, delete entire Section 3. If conflicts have been disclosed, 
reference should be to the section of the relevant document where such conflicts were disclosed) 
 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation) 
4
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES:
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer and use of 
proceeds: 
[●] 
(See the section of the Base Prospectus titled “Use of 
Proceeds” - if reasons for offer different from making profit

--- Page 359 ---
APPENDIX 1 - FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
359
and/or hedging certain risks will need to include those 
reasons here) 
 
(ii) 
Use of initial payment due from 
any Swap Counterparty under 
the Swap Agreement, any Repo 
Counterparty under the Repo 
Agreement 
and 
any 
SL 
Counterparty 
under 
the 
SL 
Agreement: 
[Not Applicable]/[Specify if initial payment is to be used for 
anything other than the purchase of Original Collateral and/or 
making any payment under any Swap Agreement, Repo 
Agreement or SL Agreement, for example payment of costs] 
 
(iii) Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
5
Fixed Rate Notes only - YIELD
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the 
issue price. It is not an indication of future yield 
6
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION:
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[Specify name(s) and number(s) [and 
address(es)]] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against]/[free of] payment

--- Page 360 ---
APPENDIX 2 - FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
360
APPENDIX 2
FORM OF PRICING TERMS
Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties 
and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council on markets in financial instruments (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer’s target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer’s target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor (being, for these purposes, any retail investor within or 
outside (i) the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or (ii) the United Kingdom (“UK”)). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a “retail client” as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) 
of [Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and the Council on markets in financial instruments 
(as amended, “MiFID II”)][MiFID II] or a “retail client” as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565, as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended) or within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, in each case, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in, 
respectively, point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II and point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014, 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”) or Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation, as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”) (each as amended).
No key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs 
Regulation”) or the PRIIPs Regulation, as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK 
PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA or in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA or in the UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation or the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation.
Pricing Terms  
dated [●] 
Mintaka Limited
(a private company incorporated under the laws of Jersey with registered office at 2nd Floor, Sir Walter Raleigh House, 48-50 
Esplanade, St. Helier, JE2 3QB, Jersey, with registration number 146594)
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 5493007WXQM4Z3P4IQ19 
[Premium Green PLC
(a public limited company incorporated under the laws of Ireland with registered office at 3rd Floor, Block 5, Irish Life Centre, 
1 Abbey Street Lower, Dublin 1, Ireland) 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 5493000S7VTDPDFJCP28] 
Issue of [SERIES NUMBER][SPECIFIED CURRENCY][AGGREGATE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF 
TRANCHE] [TITLE OF NOTES] due [●]

--- Page 361 ---
APPENDIX 2 - FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
361
under the Secured Note Programme 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS
Terms used and not defined herein shall have the meaning given to such terms in the Master Conditions set 
forth in the base prospectus dated 11 April 2024 [and the supplemental base prospectus[es] dated [INSERT 
DATE] [and [INSERT DATE]]] ([together, ]the “Base Prospectus”) which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus [for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation]. This section titled “Pricing Terms” (including any 
schedules or annexes hereto) constitutes the Pricing Terms of the Notes described herein (the “Pricing 
Terms”). For the purposes of these Pricing Terms, references to Accessory Conditions in the Base 
Prospectus shall be read and construed as references to Pricing Terms in respect of the Notes. These Pricing 
Terms do not constitute Final Terms of the Notes for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation or the UK 
Prospectus Regulation. [Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis 
of the combination of these Pricing Terms and the Base Prospectus.] The Base Prospectus has been 
published on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin). 
[By purchasing the Notes, the Noteholders hereby ratify the selection of each member of the board of 
directors of the Issuer[, as identified in the Base Prospectus,] and confirm that such ratification is being made 
without selection or control by Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank or any of its affiliates.]/[Include 
any updates to the board of directors, as necessary.] 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to [specify benchmark], which is provided 
by [specify administrator’s legal name]. As at the date of these Pricing Terms, [specify administrator’s legal 
name] [appears][does not appear] on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to article 36 of the Benchmark 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the “BMR”). 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [[specify benchmark] does not fall within the scope of the BMR by virtue of 
Article 2 of that regulation,] / [the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the BMR apply,] such that [specify 
administrator’s legal name] is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located 
outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).] 
(Italics and footnotes herein denote guidance for completing the Pricing Terms and should be deleted prior to 
completing these Pricing Terms.) 
(Note: Headings are for ease of reference only.) 
GENERAL
1
Issuer: 
[Mintaka Limited]/[Premium Green PLC] 
2
[(i)] Series Number: 
[●] 
 
[(ii) Classes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
[This Series comprises [●] classes (each, a “Class” or “Class of 
Notes”). The Notes of each Class will rank pari passu and without 
any preference among themselves and each Class will rank pari 
passu and without any preference between the Classes.]] (Include 
if Classes are applicable) 
(If Classes are applicable, populate each paragraph below with 
the relevant information for each Class)
 
[(iii) Tranche Number: 
[●]] 
 
(An initial Tranche should be 
specified as Tranche 1. Otherwise,

--- Page 362 ---
APPENDIX 2 - FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
362
as the Tranche will be fungible with 
an existing Series or Class, the 
Tranche Number(s) will increase 
sequentially and details of that 
Series or Class, including the date 
on which the Notes become 
fungible, will need to be provided 
here) 
3
Specified Currency: 
[●] 
4
Aggregate principal amount of 
Notes: 
 
[(i)] Series: 
[●] 
 
[(ii)  Class: 
[●]] (Insert details for all applicable Classes) 
 
[(iii) Tranche: 
[●]] 
5
Issue price: 
[●] per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes 
6
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] [and integral multiples of the Calculation Amount in excess 
thereof up to and including [●]] 
(Minimum of €100,000 or its equivalent in the Specified Currency)
(See ICMA standard documentation, standard language and/or 
latest guidance, in particular for Notes with a maturity of less than 
one year or if the specified denomination is expressed to be 
€100,000 or its equivalent and integral multiples of a lower 
principal amount) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●]  
(The applicable Calculation Amount will be (i) if there is only one 
Specified Denomination, the Specified Denomination of the 
relevant Notes or (ii) if there are several Specified Denominations, 
the highest common factor of those Specified Denominations or 
(iii) if the Specified Denomination provides for the possibility of 
integral multiples in excess thereof, the size of the integral 
multiple) 
7
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Issue Date]/[Specify if other]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) Initial Reference Date: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]  
(The applicable form of the ISDA Definitions will be locked in as of 
such date for the purposes of this Series and should typically be 
on or prior to the date on which an issuance proposal is delivered 
to the Issuer, such as the trade date for the Notes) 
8
Maturity Date: 
[●] (Specify date) [subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
[Following]/[Modified 
Following]/[Preceding] 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
9
Business Days applicable to 
Maturity Date:  
[●]  
(Insert applicable Business Day centres, e.g. London, New York, 
TARGET)

--- Page 363 ---
APPENDIX 2 - FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
363
10 Interest Basis: 
[Fixed Rate] 
[Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[Variable-linked Interest Rate Note] 
[Specify if other] 
(Further particulars specified, as applicable, in paragraphs 25, 26 
and 27 of these Pricing Terms) 
11 Material Change Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
12 Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Bearer Notes: 
[No]/[Yes. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive form, more 
than 27 coupon payments are still to be made]/[Specify 
details]/[Not Applicable] 
13 Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at Final Redemption Amount, subject to the other 
provisions herein] 
[Instalment, subject to the other provisions herein] 
[Specify if other] 
14 Date Board approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[●] 
15 Transaction Documents: 
[As per Master Conditions]/[●] 
16 Transaction Parties: 
[As per Master Conditions]/[●] 
17 Additional Conditions Supplement: 
[●] 
18 Expected Note Withholding Rate: 
[●] 
19 Expected Original Collateral Tax 
Rate: 
[●] 
20 Expected Original Collateral 
Withholding Rate: 
[●] 
MORTGAGED PROPERTY
21 Mortgaged Property: 
 
(i) 
Original Collateral: 
The Original Collateral shall comprise [●] in principal amount of an 
issue by [insert name of the obligor of the underlying assets][, 
guaranteed by [insert name of guarantor],] of its [insert description 
of the underlying assets] identified below: 
Original Collateral Obligor -
Issuer: 
[●] 
Address:
[●] 
Country of Incorporation: 
[●] 
Business Activities: 
[●] 
Regulated or equivalent third 
country market or SME Growth 
Market on which the relevant 
Original Collateral Obligor has 
securities admitted to trading: 
[●]

--- Page 364 ---
APPENDIX 2 - FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
364
[Original Collateral Obligor – 
Guarantor: 
[●]] 
Address: 
[●] 
Country of Incorporation: 
[●] 
Business Activities: 
[●] 
Regulated or equivalent third 
country market or SME Growth 
Market on which the relevant 
Original Collateral Obligor has 
securities admitted to trading]: 
[●] 
[Indirect Obligor: 
[●]] 
Address: 
[●] 
Country of Incorporation: 
[●] 
Business Activities: 
[●] 
Regulated or equivalent third 
country market or SME Growth 
Market on which the relevant 
Indirect Obligor has securities 
admitted to trading: 
[●] 
Asset: 
ISIN: 
[●] 
Coupon: 
[●] 
Maturity: 
[●] 
Currency: 
[●] 
Governing Law: 
[●] 
Senior/Subordinated: 
[●] 
[Admitted to trading on the 
following markets: 
[●]] 
[Documentation: 
[Where Original Collateral is 
admitted to trading on a 
regulated market, equivalent 
third country market or SME 
Growth Market insert link to 
publicly 
available 
offering 
document 
of 
the 
Original 
Collateral]] 
[Add details of any further Original Collateral] 
(If “Applicable – Repo and Reverse Repo” is applicable, then 
Original Collateral should be specified as “Not Applicable”) 
 
(ii) 
Original Collateral Obligor 
Reference Date: 
[●]  
(The date should typically be on or prior to the date on which an 
issuance proposal is delivered to the Issuer, such as the trade 
date for the Notes)

--- Page 365 ---
APPENDIX 2 - FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
365
 
(iii) [Purchase of Original 
Collateral: 
[The Issuer will purchase the Original Collateral from the Vendor 
on 
the 
Issue 
Date 
pursuant 
to 
the 
Collateral 
Sale 
Agreement]/[Specify other Original Collateral sale arrangement.] 
 
(iv) Substitution of Original 
Collateral: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify any additional conditions to be satisfied)
 
(v) Swap Agreement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify any details required if disclosure in the Base Prospectus 
is insufficient) 
 
(vi) Swap Counterparty: 
[Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank]/[Insert name of 
institution] 
 
(vii) Credit Support Annex: 
[Applicable - Payable by Issuer] 
[Applicable - Payable by Swap Counterparty] 
[Applicable - Payable by Issuer and Swap Counterparty] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) Repo Agreement: 
[Applicable - Reverse Repo] 
[Applicable - Repo and Reverse Repo] 
[Not Applicable] 
(Specify any details required if disclosure in the Base Prospectus 
is insufficient) 
 
(ix) Repo Counterparty: 
[Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank]/[Insert name of 
institution] 
 
(x) SL Agreement: 
[Applicable] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) SL Counterparty: 
[Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank]/[Insert name of 
institution] 
22 Additional Security Documents: 
[Specify] 
[Applicable 
On or about the Issue Date, the Issuer, the Custodian and the 
Trustee will[, by executing the Issue Deed,] enter into a pledge 
agreement expressed to be governed by Japanese law (as the 
same may be amended, supplemented, modified, varied or 
replaced from time to time, the “Japanese Pledge”) pursuant to 
which the Issuer will grant a pledge (shichiken) in favour of the 
Trustee over all of the Issuer’s right, title and interest in and to the 
Pledged Collateral (as defined in the Japanese Pledge) held by it 
through the Custodian to secure the Secured Payment Obligations 
of the Issuer] 
[Applicable 
On or about the Issue Date, the Issuer, the Custodian and the 
Trustee will[, by executing the Issue Deed,] enter into a pledge 
agreement expressed to be governed by Korean law (as the same 
may be amended, supplemented, modified, varied or replaced 
from time to time, the “Korean Pledge”) pursuant to which the 
Issuer will grant a pledge (Kun Jil Kwon) in favour of the Trustee

--- Page 366 ---
APPENDIX 2 - FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
366
over all of the Issuer’s right, title and interest in and to the Pledged 
Collateral (as defined in the Korean Pledge) held by it through the 
Custodian (or a sub-custodian on its behalf) to secure the Secured 
Payment Obligations of the Issuer.] 
[Not Applicable] 
23 Security: 
[As per Master Conditions]/[●] 
24 Application of Available Proceeds: 
[As per Master Conditions]/[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
25 Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate of Interest: 
[●] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
payable 
[annually][semi- 
annually][quarterly][monthly][Specify if other] in arrear 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year, with the first such date being [●] and the last 
such date being [●]]/[Specify if other] 
 
(iii) Interest Period End Dates: 
[[●] in each year, with the first such date being [●] and the last 
such date being [●]]/[Specify if other] 
 
(iv) Business Days applicable to 
Interest Payment Dates and 
Interest Period End Dates: 
[●]  
(Insert applicable Business Day centres, e.g. London, New York, 
TARGET) 
 
(v) Business 
Day 
Convention 
applicable to Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[Following]/[Modified 
Following]/[Preceding]
Business 
Day 
Convention 
 
(vi) Business Day Convention 
applicable to Interest Period 
End Dates: 
[[Following]/[Modified 
Following]/[Preceding] 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[No Adjustment] 
 
(vii) [Interest Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount in respect of each Interest Period[, 
provided that in respect of the Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) the Interest Payment Date[s] falling on [●], [●] per 
Calculation Amount].]/[Specify]] 
 
(viii) Day Count Fraction: 
[1/1] 
[Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual-ISDA] 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Act/365L] 
[Calculation/252] 
[RBA Bond Basis] 
[Specify if other]  
 
(ix) Other terms relating to the 
method of calculating interest 
for Fixed Rate Notes: 
[Not Applicable]/[Specify details]

--- Page 367 ---
APPENDIX 2 - FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
367
26 Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year, with the first such date being [●] and the last 
such date being [●]]/[Specify if other] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Period End Dates: 
[[●] in each year, with the first such date being [●] and the last 
such date being [●]]/[Specify if other] 
 
(iii) Business Days applicable to 
Interest Payment Dates and 
Interest Period End Dates: 
[●]  
(Insert applicable Business Day centres, e.g. London, New York, 
TARGET) 
 
(iv) Business 
Day 
Convention 
applicable to Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[Following]/[Modified 
Following]/[Preceding]
Business 
Day 
Convention 
 
(v) Business Day Convention 
applicable to Interest Period 
End Dates: 
[[Following]/[Modified 
Following]//Preceding] 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[No Adjustment] 
 
(vi) Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are determined: 
[[“ISDA Rate: 2006 ISDA Definitions”]/[“ISDA Rate: 2021 ISDA 
Definitions”] as per Master Conditions]/[Specify if other] 
 
(vii) Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s): 
[Calculation Agent, as per Master Conditions]/[●] 
 
(viii) ISDA Rate: 2006 ISDA 
Definitions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
– 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
– 
Designated Maturity: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]  
(Specify as Not Applicable if Overnight Floating Rate Option is 
Applicable) 
– 
Reset Date: 
[●]/[Last day of the relevant Interest Period]/[First day of the 
relevant Interest Period]/[In respect of each Interest Period, the 
first day of the next following Interest Period, provided that in the 
case of the final Interest Period, the Maturity Date (Include this 
wording only if “Arrears Setting” applies)] 
– 
[Average Rate Fixing 
Day: 
[First day of the next following Interest Accrual Period or in the 
case of the final Interest Accrual Period, the Termination 
Date]/[The day [●] Applicable Business Days preceding the [Reset 
Date]/[first day of the next following Interest Accrual Period or in 
the case of the final Interest Accrual Period, the Termination 
Date]]  
(Only include if the specified Floating Rate Option is a Published 
Average Rate) 
– 
Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 368 ---
APPENDIX 2 - FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
368
[Delayed Interest Payment Days: [●] Reference Business Days] 
(Include Delayed Interest Payment Days if Delayed Payment is 
Applicable) 
(Consider in particular if Delayed Payment should apply where 
OIS Compounding or Overnight Averaging applies) 
– 
Overnight Floating Rate 
Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete sub-paragraphs below) 
(1) Overnight Rate 
Compounding/ 
Averaging Method: 
[Overnight Rate Compounding Method]/[Overnight Rate Averaging 
Method] 
(2) Overnight Rate 
Compounding 
Method:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(Specify as Not Applicable if an Overnight Rate Averaging Method 
applies and delete sub-paragraphs below) 
(If Applicable, select only the Compounding Method below that is 
being elected and delete all other Compounding Methods and 
their sub-paragraphs) 
[OIS Compounding: Applicable  
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2006 ISDA 
Definitions]] 
[Compounding with Lookback: Applicable  
- 
Lookback: 
[[●] 
Applicable 
Business 
Days]/[As per 2006 ISDA Definitions] 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2006 ISDA 
Definitions]] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift: Applicable 
- 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
- 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As per 2006 
ISDA Definitions] 
- 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable] 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 369 ---
APPENDIX 2 - FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
369
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2006 ISDA 
Definitions]] 
[Compounding with Lockout: Applicable 
- 
Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business 
Days]/[As per 2006 ISDA Definitions] 
- 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[As per 
2006 ISDA Definitions] 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2006 ISDA 
Definitions]] 
(3) Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(Specify as Not Applicable if an Overnight Rate Compounding 
Method applies and delete sub-paragraphs below) 
(If Applicable, select only the Averaging Method below that is 
being elected and delete all other Averaging Methods and their 
sub-paragraphs) 
[Overnight Averaging: Applicable 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lookback: Applicable 
- 
Lookback: 
[[●] 
Applicable 
Business 
Days]/[As per 2006 ISDA Definitions] 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift: Applicable 
- 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
- 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As per 2006 
ISDA Definitions] 
- 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable] 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not

--- Page 370 ---
APPENDIX 2 - FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
370
Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout: Applicable 
- 
Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business 
Days]/[As per 2006 ISDA Definitions] 
- 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[As per 
2006 ISDA Definitions] 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
- 
Index Floating Rate 
Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable, delete sub-paragraphs below) 
(1) Index Method: 
(If Index Floating Rate Option is Applicable, select only the Index 
Method below that is being elected and delete all other Index 
Methods and their sub-paragraphs.) 
(If Index Floating Rate Option is Not Applicable, delete sub-
paragraphs below) 
[Compounded Index Method: Applicable 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2006 ISDA 
Definitions]] 
[Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift: 
Applicable 
- 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
- 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As per 2006 
ISDA Definitions] 
- 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable] 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2006 ISDA 
Definitions]] 
[All-In Compounded Index Method: Applicable 
- 
Index LevelSTART: [●]/[As per 2006 ISDA 
Definitions] 
- 
Index LevelEND: [●]/[As per 2006 ISDA 
Definitions] 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2006 ISDA 
Definitions]] 
 
(ix) ISDA 
Rate: 
2021 
ISDA 
Definitions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
- 
2021 ISDA Definitions 
Publication Version: 
Version [●], dated [●]

--- Page 371 ---
APPENDIX 2 - FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
371
- 
Floating Rate Matrix 
Publication Version: 
Version [●], dated [●] 
- 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
- 
Designated Maturity: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]  
(Specify as Not Applicable if Overnight Floating Rate Option is 
Applicable) 
- 
Reset Date: 
[●]/[Last day of the relevant Interest Period]/[First day of the 
relevant Interest Period]/[In respect of each Interest Period, the 
first day of the next following Interest Period, provided that in the 
case of the final Interest Period, the Maturity Date (Include this 
wording only if “Arrears Setting” applies)] 
- 
Fixing Day: 
[●]/[As per 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
- 
Fixing Time: 
[●]/[As per 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
- 
Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[Delayed Interest Payment Days: [●] Reference Business Days] 
(Include Delayed Interest Payment Days if Delayed Payment is 
Applicable) 
(Consider in particular if Delayed Payment should apply where 
OIS Compounding or Overnight Averaging applies) 
- 
[Successor Benchmark: 
[●]] 
(Delete if Not Applicable) 
- 
[Successor Benchmark 
Effective Date: 
[●]] 
(Delete if Not Applicable) 
- 
[Unscheduled Holiday: 
[Delete if Not Applicable] 
(1) Interest Payment 
Date adjustment for 
Unscheduled 
Holiday: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(2) Interest Period End 
Date/Maturity Date 
adjustment for 
Unscheduled 
Holiday: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
- 
Overnight Floating Rate 
Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable, delete sub-paragraphs below) 
(1) Overnight Rate 
Compounding/Avera
ging Method: 
[Overnight Rate Compounding Method]/[Overnight Rate Averaging 
Method] 
(2) Overnight Rate 
Compounding 
Method: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(Specify as Not Applicable if an Overnight Rate Averaging Method 
applies and delete sub-paragraphs below)

--- Page 372 ---
APPENDIX 2 - FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
372
(If Applicable, select only the Compounding Method below that is 
being elected and delete all other Compounding Methods and 
their sub-paragraphs) 
[OIS Compounding: Applicable  
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2021 ISDA 
Definitions]] 
[Compounding with Lookback: Applicable 
- 
Lookback: 
[[●] 
Applicable 
Business 
Days]/[As per 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2021 ISDA 
Definitions]] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift: Applicable 
- 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
- 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As per 2021 
ISDA Definitions] 
- 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable] 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2021 ISDA 
Definitions]] 
[Compounding with Lockout: Applicable 
- 
Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business 
Days]/[As per 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
- 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[As per 
2021 ISDA Definitions] 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2021 ISDA 
Definitions]]

--- Page 373 ---
APPENDIX 2 - FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
373
[Specify other compounding method] 
(3) Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(Specify as Not Applicable if an Overnight Rate Compounding 
Method applies and delete sub-paragraphs below) 
(If Applicable, select only the Averaging Method below that is 
being elected and delete all other Averaging Methods and their 
sub-paragraphs) 
[Overnight Averaging: Applicable 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lookback: Applicable 
- 
Lookback: 
[[●] 
Applicable 
Business 
Days]/[As per 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift: Applicable 
- 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
- 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As per 2021 
ISDA Definitions] 
- 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable] 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout: Applicable 
- 
Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business 
Days]/[As per 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
- 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[As per 
2021 ISDA Definitions] 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: [Applicable: [●]]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
[Specify other averaging method] 
- 
Index Floating Rate 
Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable, delete sub-paragraphs below)

--- Page 374 ---
APPENDIX 2 - FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
374
(1) Index Method: 
(If Index Floating Rate Option is Applicable, select only the Index 
Method below that is being elected and delete all other Index 
Methods and their sub-paragraphs.) 
(If Index Floating Rate Option is Not Applicable, delete sub-
paragraphs below) 
[Standard Index Method: Applicable 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2021 ISDA 
Definitions]] 
[All-In Compounded Index Method: Applicable 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2021 ISDA 
Definitions]] 
[Compounded Index Method: Applicable 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2021 ISDA 
Definitions]] 
[Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift: 
Applicable 
- 
Set-in-Advance: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
- 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As per 2021 
ISDA Definitions] 
- 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable] 
- 
Day Count Basis: [●]/[As per 2021 ISDA 
Definitions]] 
[Specify other index method] 
 
(x) Reference Rate Trade Date: 
[●] 
(The date should typically be on or prior to the date on which an 
issuance proposal is delivered to the Issuer, such as the trade 
date for the Notes) 
 
(xi) Pre-nominated 
Replacement 
Reference Rate: 
[●]/[None specified] 
 
(xii) Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable 
- 
Standard]/[Applicable 
- 
2006 
ISDA 
Definitions]/[Applicable - 2021 ISDA Definitions]/[Not Applicable] 
(Consider specifying which Interest Period(s) linear interpolation 
should apply to. If no such specification, linear interpolation will 
apply to all Interest Periods that are not equal to the Designated 
Maturity)  
[Non-Representative: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
(Include an election for Non-Representative only if “Applicable - 
2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified, otherwise delete.) 
 
(xiii) Margin(s): 
[[+]/[-][●] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 375 ---
APPENDIX 2 - FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
375
 
(xiv) Day Count Fraction: 
[1/1] 
[Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual-ISDA] 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Act/365L] 
[Calculation/252] 
[RBA Bond Basis] 
[Specify if other]  
 
(xv) Interest Determination Date: 
[With respect to each Interest Period, [●]]/[As defined in the 
Master Conditions] 
 
(xvi) [Reference Rate Modification: 
[Specify consequences of changes to the definition, methodology 
or formula for a Reference Rate]]  
27 Variable-linked Interest Rate Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Provisions for determining 
coupon where calculated by 
reference to formula and/or 
other variable: 
[Specify] 
 
(ii) 
Formula/other variable: 
[Specify or annex details] 
 
(iii) Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year, with the first such date being [●] and the last 
such date being [●]]/[Specify if other] 
 
(iv) Interest Period End Dates: 
[[●] in each year, with the first such date being [●] and the last 
such date being [●]]/[Specify if other] 
 
(v) Business Days applicable to 
Interest Payment Dates and 
Interest Period End Dates: 
[●]  
(Insert applicable Business Day centres, e.g. London, New York, 
TARGET) 
 
(vi) Business 
Day 
Convention 
applicable to Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[Following]/[Modified 
Following]/[Preceding]
Business 
Day 
Convention 
 
(vii) Business Day Convention 
applicable to Interest Period 
End Dates: 
[[Following]/[Modified 
Following]/[Preceding] 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[No Adjustment] 
 
(viii) Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s): 
[Calculation Agent, as per Master Conditions]/[●] 
 
(ix) Day Count Fraction: 
[1/1] 
[Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual-ISDA] 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360]

--- Page 376 ---
APPENDIX 2 - FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
376
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Act/365L] 
[Calculation/252] 
[RBA Bond Basis] 
[Specify if other]  
 
(x) Interest Determination Date: 
[With respect to each Interest Period, [●]]/[As defined in the 
Master Conditions] 
28 Default Interest: 
[As per Master Conditions]/[●]/[Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
29 Specified Final Redemption Amount 
of each Note: 
[100 per cent. of its Specified Denomination] 
[The Notes are Instalment Notes, as further described in 
paragraph 31 below [and in the Annex (Redemption by 
Instalments) to these Pricing Terms]. The Final Redemption 
Amount of each Note shall be deemed to be satisfied by payment 
of the final Instalment Amount payable on or around the Maturity 
Date.]  
[Specify or annex details] 
30 Early Cash Redemption Amount of 
each Note:  
[As defined in the Master Conditions]/[Specify or annex details] 
31 [Redemption by Instalment: 
[An Instalment Amount shall be due and payable in respect of 
each Note on each Instalment Date. 
On each Instalment Date:  
(i) 
the aggregate principal amount of the Notes shall be reduced 
by an amount equal to the relevant Aggregate Instalment 
Amount relating to such Instalment Date; and 
(ii) 
the outstanding principal amount of each Note shall be 
reduced by an amount equal to the relevant Instalment 
Amount due on such Instalment Date, 
unless, in each case, payment of the Instalment Amount in respect 
of a Note is improperly withheld or refused, in which case such 
amount shall remain outstanding until the Relevant Date relating 
to such Instalment Amount. 
For these purposes:  
“Aggregate Instalment Amount” means, in respect of an 
Instalment Date, the amount specified next to such Instalment 
Date in the Annex (Redemption by Instalments) to these Pricing 
Terms. 
“Instalment Amount” means, in respect of an Instalment Date, an 
amount per Note equal to such Note’s pro rata share of the 
Aggregate Instalment Amount relating to such Instalment Date.  
“Instalment Date” means each date specified as such in the 
Annex (Redemption by Instalments) to these Pricing Terms.]

--- Page 377 ---
APPENDIX 2 - FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
377
[Specify or annex details] 
(Specify Instalment Amounts, Instalment Dates and any other 
provisions relating to Notes that are redeemed by instalment)] 
(If not applicable, delete entire paragraph)] 
32 [Issuer Call: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Issuer Call Condition: 
[Autocall 
Termination 
Trigger 
(Specify 
details)]/[Optional 
Termination Trigger (Specify details)]/[Other (Specify details)] 
 
(ii) 
[Autocall 
Termination 
Determination Date: 
[●][, [in each case] subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
[Following]/[Modified 
Following]/[Preceding]
Business 
Day 
Convention]]  
(Specify where Autocall Termination Trigger is applicable. 
Otherwise, delete) 
 
(iii) [Optional Termination Exercise 
Cut-off Date: 
[As per Master Swap Terms]/[●][, [in each case] subject to 
adjustment 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
[Following]/[Modified 
Following]/[Preceding] Business Day Convention]]  
(Specify where Optional Termination Trigger is applicable. 
Otherwise, delete) 
 
(iv) Issuer Call Redemption Date: 
[●][, [in each case] subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
[Following]/[Modified 
Following]/[Preceding]
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
 
(v) Issuer 
Call 
Redemption 
Amount of each Note: 
[●]  
 
(vi) Issuer Call Settlement: 
[Cash to Swap Counterparty]/[Delivery to Swap Counterparty] 
 
(vii) Issuer Call Settlement Date: 
[●][, [in each case] subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
[Following]/[Modified 
Following]/[Preceding]
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
 
(viii) Issuer Call Period End Date: 
[●][, 
subject 
to 
adjustment 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
[Following]/[Modified 
Following]/[Preceding]
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Not Applicable]  
(Specify date in the event that interest is payable on the Issuer 
Call Settlement Date in addition to the Issuer Call Redemption 
Amount. Otherwise, specify Not Applicable) 
 
(ix) [Interest payable upon Issuer 
Call: 
[As per Master Conditions]]  
(Include where Issuer Call Period End Date is specified. Where 
Issuer Call Period End Date is not applicable, delete) 
 
(x) [Autocall FX Rate: 
[Bid]/[Mid]/[Ask] [spot]/[forward]/[other] (Specify details) exchange 
rate for [●] (Include currency of Original Collateral) into [●] (Include 
Specified Currency)  
(Specify where Autocall Termination Trigger is applicable. 
Otherwise, delete)

--- Page 378 ---
APPENDIX 2 - FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
378
 
(xi) [Autocall Valuation Method: 
[Spot]/[Forward]/[Other] (Specify details) dirty bid value]  
(Specify where Autocall Termination Trigger is applicable. 
Otherwise, delete) 
 
(xii) Substitution Knockout: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]]  
(Specify as Applicable where “Substitution of Original Collateral” is 
specified as Applicable and the occurrence of such substitution 
should knock out the application of the Issuer Call. In all other 
case, Not Applicable) 
33 Noteholder Early Redemption 
Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
Noteholder Early Redemption Option Period: [●] 
(The Noteholder Early Redemption Option Period must end at 
least 25 Reference Business Days prior to the Maturity Date) 
34 Early Redemption Settlement 
Method: 
[Cash Settlement]/[Noteholder Settlement Option] (This should 
always be Cash Settlement where Classes are applicable) 
35 Partial Redemption for Original 
Collateral Call/Put: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
36 Liquidation: 
[As per Master Conditions]/[Specify or annex details] 
37 Liquidation Period Cut-off: 
[10]/[30] Reference Business Days 
38 Relevant Regulatory Law Reference 
Date: 
[●]  
(The date should typically be on or prior to the date on which an 
issuance proposal is delivered to the Issuer, such as the trade 
date for the Notes) 
39 Additional Redemption Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Applicable, specify details) 
40 Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
CLN Type: 
[Single Name CLN]/[Linear Basket CLN]/[Other] 
 
(ii) 
Credit 
Event 
Settlement 
Method: 
[Auction 
Settlement]/[Cash 
Settlement]/[Fixed 
Recovery 
Settlement] 
- 
[Fixed 
Recovery 
Percentage: 
[●] per cent.] (Delete this row if Fixed Recovery Settlement is not 
applicable) 
- 
[Valuation 
Obligation 
Valuation Date[(s)]: 
[As per the Additional CLN Conditions]/[Specify]] 
- 
Valuation Time: 
[Specify]/[As per the Additional CLN Conditions] 
- 
Quotation Dealers: 
[Specify]/[As per the Master Conditions]

--- Page 379 ---
APPENDIX 2 - FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
379
- 
Accrued Interest: 
[Include Accrued Interest]/[Exclude Accrued Interest]/[As per 
Additional CLN Condition 7(b)(iii)] 
 
(iii) Trade Date: 
[●] 
 
(iv) Reference 
Entit[y][ies][, 
Reference 
Entity 
Weighting 
and Reference Entity Notional 
Amount 
(Insert 
Reference 
Entity 
Weighting 
and 
Reference 
Entity 
Notional 
Amount 
for 
Linear 
Basket 
CLNs)] 
[Name: 
[●] 
Address: 
[●] 
Country of Incorporation: 
[●] 
Listed on the following 
stock 
exchanges/Admitted 
to 
trading on the following 
regulated 
market, 
equivalent third country 
market or SME growth 
market: 
[●]] (Delete these items, unless Notes 
are listed on an EEA regulated 
market. Repeat required for each 
Reference Entity.) 
- 
[Seniority Level: 
[Senior Level]/[Subordinated Level]] (Insert this row for Single 
Name CLNs) 
(Insert below table for Linear Basket CLNs) 
Reference 
Entity: 
Reference 
Entity 
Weighting: 
Reference 
Entity 
Notional 
Amount: 
Seniority 
Level: 
Transaction 
Type: 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Senior 
Level] 
[Subordi
nated 
Level] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Senior 
Level] 
[Subordi
nated 
Level] 
[Specify] 
 
(v) Standard 
Reference 
Obligation[s]: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Where Applicable, specify Reference 
Obligation(s) below only if the fallback to a Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation under paragraph (c) of the definition of

--- Page 380 ---
APPENDIX 2 - FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
380
“Reference Obligation” is to apply for a Reference Entity where no 
Standard Reference Obligation has been published on or prior to 
the Trade Date.) 
 
(vi) Reference Obligation[s]: 
[Specify Reference Obligation(s)] (For CLNs where Standard 
Reference Obligation is Not Applicable, or is Applicable but no 
Standard Reference Obligation has been published on or prior to 
the Trade Date and the fallback to a Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation is required, insert the Reference Obligation for each 
Reference Entity) 
- 
[Additional Obligation[s]: 
[Specify Additional Obligation(s)]] (Only applicable where the 
“Transaction Type” is specified as “Standard Emerging European 
Corporate LPN” for a Reference Entity)
 
(vii) Physical 
Settlement 
Matrix 
Standard Terms: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Physical Settlement Matrix: [Specify]/[As per the Additional CLN 
Conditions] 
[Transaction Type: [Specify]] (Insert for Single Name CLNs) 
 
(viii) Obligations: 
- 
Obligation Category: 
[[Payment]/[Borrowed 
Money]/[Reference 
Obligation 
Only]/[Bond]/[Loan]/[Bond or Loan] (Select one only)]  
[As set out in the Physical Settlement Matrix under the 
Transaction Type (Include where Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms is applicable)] 
- 
Obligation 
Characteristics: 
[[Not Subordinated] 
[Specified Currency] (Specify unless the fallback in the definition 
of “Specified Currency” applies) 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
[Not Domestic Currency] 
[Not Domestic Law] 
[Listed] 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
[None] (Select all that apply)] 
[As set out in the Physical Settlement Matrix under the 
Transaction Type (Include where Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms is applicable)] 
- 
Excluded Obligation: 
[Specify]/[Not Applicable] 
- 
All Guarantees: 
[[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[As set out in the Physical Settlement Matrix under the 
Transaction Type (Include where Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms is applicable)] 
 
(ix) Deliverable Obligations: 
- 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
[[Payment]/[Borrowed 
Money]/[Reference 
Obligations

--- Page 381 ---
APPENDIX 2 - FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
381
Category: 
Only]/[Bond]/[Loan]/[Bond or Loan] (Select one only)] 
[As set out in the Physical Settlement Matrix under the Specified 
Transaction Type (Include where Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms is applicable)] 
- 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristics: 
[[Not Subordinated] 
[Specified Currency] (Specify unless the fallback in the definition 
of “Specified Currency” applies) 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
[Not Domestic Currency] 
[Domestic Currency] (Specify unless the fallback in the definition 
of “Domestic Currency” in the Additional CLN Conditions applies) 
[Not Domestic Law] 
[Listed] 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
[Assignable Loan] 
[Consent Required Loan] 
[Direct Loan Participation] 
[Transferable] 
[Maximum Maturity [of [●] years (Specify if default is not to apply)]] 
[Accelerated or Matured] 
[Not Bearer] (Select all that apply) 
[Together with [Specify other obligation applicable for each 
Reference Entity other than those determined by reference to 
Obligation Category and Obligation Characteristics]]] 
[As set out in the Physical Settlement Matrix under the Specified 
Transaction Type (Include where Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms is applicable)] 
- 
Excluded 
Deliverable 
Obligation: 
[Specify]/[Not Applicable] 
[As set out in the Physical Settlement Matrix under the Specified 
Transaction Type (Include where Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms is applicable)] 
 
(x) Outstanding Principal Balance 
Fallback Discounting: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) Financial 
Reference 
Entity 
Terms: 
[[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[As set out in the Physical Settlement Matrix under the Specified 
Transaction Type (Include where Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms is applicable)] 
 
(xii) Sovereign Reference Entity No 
Asset Package Delivery: 
[[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[As set out in the Physical Settlement Matrix under the Specified 
Transaction Type (Include where Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms is applicable)] 
 
(xiii) Credit Event[(s)]: 
[[Bankruptcy] 
[Failure to Pay 
Payment Requirement: [] [or its equivalent in the relevant

--- Page 382 ---
APPENDIX 2 - FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
382
Obligation Currency as of the occurrence of the relevant failure to 
pay] 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Grace Period Extension: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[Grace Period: [Specify]/[As per the Additional CLN Conditions]] 
[Governmental Intervention] 
[Obligation Acceleration] 
[Obligation Default] 
[Repudiation/Moratorium] 
[Restructuring 
Mod R: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Mod Mod R: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Multiple Holder Obligation: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Select all that apply]] 
[As set out in the Physical Settlement Matrix under the Specified 
Transaction Type (Include where Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms is applicable)] 
- 
Default Requirement: 
[Specify]/[As per the Additional CLN Conditions] 
- 
Notice 
of 
Publicly 
Available Information: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] [Note that the default position under 
the Additional CLN Conditions is for a Notice of Publicly Available 
Information to apply. Specify “Not Applicable” if otherwise] 
Public Source(s): [Specify]/[As per the Additional CLN Conditions] 
Specified 
Number: 
[Specify]/[As 
per 
the 
Additional 
CLN 
Conditions]] 
FURTHER TERMS
41 Further terms: 
[Not Applicable]/[Specify details] 
FORM OF NOTES AND AGENTS
42 Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note [in respect of each Class of Notes] 
(include if Classes apply) exchangeable for a Permanent Global 
Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Bearer Notes in the 
limited circumstances specified in the Conditions] 
[Temporary Global Note [in respect of each Class of Notes] 
(include if Classes apply) exchangeable for Definitive Bearer 
Notes on [●] days’ notice 
(Include 
the 
following 
when 
the 
Notes 
have 
multiple 
denominations above €100,000 (e.g. where integral multiples may 
apply)) 
If the Temporary Global Note [in respect of each Class of Notes] 
(include if Classes apply) is exchangeable for definitive notes at 
the option of the holder, the Notes shall be tradable only in 
amounts of at least the Specified Denomination (or if more than 
one Specified Denomination, the lowest Specified Denomination) 
provided in paragraph 6(i) (Specified Denominations) of these

--- Page 383 ---
APPENDIX 2 - FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
383
Pricing Terms and multiples thereof.] 
[Permanent Global Note [in respect of each Class of Notes] 
(include if Classes apply) exchangeable for Definitive Bearer 
Notes in the limited circumstances specified in the Conditions]] 
[Registered Notes: 
[Global Certificate [in respect of each Class of Notes] (include if 
Classes apply) exchangeable for Certificates in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Conditions] 
[Certificates other than Global Certificates]] (Where Classes apply, 
specify that separate certificate in respect of each Class of Notes) 
43 Applicable TEFRA exemption: 
[TEFRA C]/[TEFRA D]/[TEFRA Not Applicable] 
44 Reference Business Day: 
[TARGET]/[TARGET Business Day]/[Specify other places, if 
relevant] 
45 Trustee, Agents, Custodian, 
Vendor: 
 
(i) 
Trustee: 
[HSBC Corporate Trustee Company (UK) Limited]/[●] (Specify 
name) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Agent: 
[Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank]/[●] (Specify 
name and Specified Office) 
 
(iii) Custodian: 
[HSBC Bank plc]/[●] (Specify name and Specified Office) 
 
(iv) Disposal Agent: 
[Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank]/[●] (Specify 
name and Specified Office) 
 
(v) Issuing and Paying Agent: 
[HSBC Bank plc]/[●] (Specify name and Specified Office) 
 
(vi) Additional Paying Agent(s): 
[●] (Specify name and Specified Office, where applicable) 
 
(vii) Registrar: 
[HSBC Bank plc]/[●] (Specify name and Specified Office, where 
applicable) 
 
(viii) Transfer Agent(s): 
[HSBC Bank plc]/[●] (Specify name and Specified Office, where 
applicable) 
 
(ix) Vendor: 
[Crédit 
Agricole 
Corporate 
and 
Investment 
Bank]/[Specify 
name]/[Not Applicable] 
DETAILS RELATING TO THE CREDIT SUPPORT ANNEX
46 Base Currency: 
[●] 
47 Eligible Currency: 
[Specify currencies] 
(Cash in a Major Currency or other Eligible/Equivalent Credit 
Support denominated in an Eligible Currency will attract a 0% FX 
Haircut Percentage under the CSA in the Master Swap Terms; 
otherwise, a haircut of 8% will be applied to the specified 
Valuation Percentages. This follows the ISDA VM CSA approach, 
but is only required for parties subject to VM.  
The Base Currency is automatically an Eligible Currency, but to 
ensure 0% FX Haircut Percentage is applicable to any collateral 
not denominated in the Base Currency, the relevant currency in 
which such collateral is denominated must be specified as an 
Eligible Currency. It is expected that the default definition of “Major

--- Page 384 ---
APPENDIX 2 - FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
384
Currency” will cover the common currencies used, but if you 
require further currencies these can be specified either as 
additional Eligible Currencies (not impacting cash posting) or as 
an expansion of the Major Currency definition below. 
Each of the following constitute a “Major Currency”: (1) United 
States Dollar; (2) Canadian Dollar; (3) Euro; (4) United Kingdom 
Pound; (5) Japanese Yen; (6) Swiss Franc; (7) New Zealand 
Dollar; (8) Australian Dollar; (9) Swedish Krona; (10) Danish 
Krone; (11) Norwegian Krone; and (12) Korean Won.) 
48 [Additional Major Currency: 
[●]] 
(Specify any additional currency to be included as a Major 
Currency in addition to the following that are covered in the Master 
Swap Terms definition: (1) United States Dollar; (2) Canadian 
Dollar; (3) Euro; (4) United Kingdom Pound; (5) Japanese Yen; (6) 
Swiss Franc; (7) New Zealand Dollar; (8) Australian Dollar; (9) 
Swedish Krona; (10) Danish Krone; (11) Norwegian Krone; and 
(12) Korean Won) 
49 Delivery Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
50 [Order in which Eligible Credit 
Support (VM) is to be transferred by 
the Issuer as Transferor: 
[As per the Swap Agreement]/[●]] 
(Only needed if Issuer has more than one type of asset it would be 
able to post (such as two different types of Original Collateral or 
where Cash is also eligible). The default position under the Master 
Swap Terms is that the Swap Counterparty will specify the order.) 
51 [Order in which Equivalent Credit 
Support (VM) is to be transferred by 
the Swap Counterparty as 
Transferee: 
[As per the Swap Agreement]/[●]] 
(Only needed if Issuer has more than one type of asset it would be 
able to post (such as two different types of Original Collateral or 
where Cash is also eligible). The default position under the Master 
Swap Terms is that the Swap Counterparty will specify the order.) 
52 Eligible Credit Support (VM): 
Subject to Paragraph 9(e) of the Credit Support Annex, if 
applicable, and each Credit Support Eligibility Condition (VM) 
applicable to it specified in Paragraph 11 of the Credit Support 
Annex, the Eligible Credit Support (VM) for the party specified (as 
the Transferor) shall be:  
Eligible Credit Support (VM) for the Swap 
Counterparty 
Description: 
Valuation Percentage: 
Cash 
in 
[the 
Base 
Currency]/[Specify 
relevant
Eligible 
Currencies if not all]/[an 
Eligible Currency] 
[100]/[●]% 
[insert other] 
[●]%

--- Page 385 ---
APPENDIX 2 - FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
385
Eligible Credit Support (VM) for the Issuer 
Description: 
Valuation Percentage: 
Cash 
in 
[the 
Base 
Currency]/[Specify 
relevant
Eligible 
Currencies if not all]/[an 
Eligible Currency] 
[100]/[●]% 
The assets or property 
specified 
in 
these 
Pricing 
Terms 
as 
forming 
part 
of 
the 
Original Collateral 
[●]% 
Any 
other 
asset 
or 
property notified by the 
Swap Counterparty to 
the Issuer in writing 
from 
time 
to 
time, 
provided such assets 
are available to the 
Issuer in respect of the 
relevant Series 
Such percentage as is 
notified by the Swap 
Counterparty 
to 
the 
Issuer in writing from 
time to time 
53 Credit Support Eligibility Conditions 
(VM): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(Insert any Credit Support Eligibility Conditions (VM)) 
54 Minimum Transfer Amount for the 
Issuer: 
[●] 
(Insert if the initial Minimum Transfer Amount is to be other than 
zero. If amount is inserted it must be an amount equal to or lower 
than USD 500,000 (or its equivalent in another currency as at the 
Issue Date)) 
55 Minimum Transfer Amount for the 
Swap Counterparty: 
[●] 
(Insert if the initial Minimum Transfer Amount is to be other than 
zero. If amount is inserted it must be an amount equal to or lower 
than USD 500,000 (or its equivalent in another currency as at the 
Issue Date))  
56 Valuation Date: 
[Each day from, and including, [the Issue Date]/[●] that is a day on 
which commercial banks are open for business (including dealings 
in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in at least one 
Valuation Date Location of each of Party A and Party B, provided 
that the final Valuation Date shall be as set out in the Swap 
Agreement.] 
[[●] of each calendar week commencing on and including [●], 
provided that (i) if commercial banks are not open for business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in at least one Valuation Date Location for Party A and

--- Page 386 ---
APPENDIX 2 - FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
386
at least one Valuation Date Location for Party B (a day meeting 
such criteria, a “Valid Valuation Date”) on any such day, the 
Valuation Date shall be the immediately following Valid Valuation 
Date and (ii) the final Valuation Date shall be as set out in the 
Swap Agreement.] 
[Insert days that will be Valuation Dates] 
57 Valuation Date Location: 
In respect of Party A: [London]/[Specify other] 
In respect of Party B: [London]/[Specify other] 
58 [Interest Rate (VM) for cash forming 
part of the Swap Counterparty’s 
Credit Support Balance (VM): 
[Insert applicable Interest Rate (VM)]] 
(If not specified, this will be the Custodian’s prevailing rate) 
59 [Interest Rate (VM) for cash forming 
part of the Issuer’s Credit Support 
Balance (VM): 
[Insert applicable Interest Rate (VM)]] 
(If not specified, this will be such rate as determined by the Swap 
Counterparty acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable 
manner) 
60 [A/365 Currency: 
[Insert any Eligible Currency that will be an A/365 Currency for the 
relevant Interest Rate (VM)]] 
(Pounds sterling is already defined in the Credit Support Annex as 
being an A/365 Currency and so should not be specified here) 
DISTRIBUTION
61 Dealer: 
[Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank]/[Crédit Agricole 
Securities Asia B.V.]/[Specify name] 
62 Additional selling restrictions: 
[Not Applicable]/[Specify details] 
63 Method of distribution: 
Non-syndicated

--- Page 387 ---
APPENDIX 2 - FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
387
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION
1
LISTING:
 
(i) 
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application [has been]/[will be] made for the Notes to be 
admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin and for the 
Notes to be admitted to trading on [the regulated market of 
Euronext Dublin]/[its Global Exchange Market].]/[Application 
[has been]/[will be] made to the Vienna Stock Exchange for 
the inclusion of the Notes in trading on the Vienna MTF.] 
[There can be no assurance that such application will be 
successful.]
[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
[●] 
2
RATINGS:
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes are not rated]/[The Notes to be issued have been 
rated: 
[Fitch: [●]] 
[JCR: [●]] 
[Moody’s: [●]] 
[R&I: [●]] 
[S&P: [●]] 
[Specify if other: [●]] 
[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is]/[are] [established in the 
European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 (the “CRA Regulation”)]/[not established in the 
European Union but the rating it has given to the Notes is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], 
which is established in the European Union and registered 
under 
Regulation 
(EC) 
No 
1060/2009 
(the 
“CRA 
Regulation”)] 
3
USE OF PROCEEDS:
 
Use of proceeds: 
[●]/[As per Base Prospectus] 
(See the section of the Base Prospectus titled “Use of 
Proceeds” - if reasons for offer different from making profit 
and/or hedging certain risks will need to include those 
reasons here) 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
 
Use of initial payment due from any 
Swap Counterparty under the Swap 
Agreement, 
any 
Repo 
Counterparty 
under the Repo Agreement and any SL 
Counterparty under the SL Agreement: 
[As per Base Prospectus]/[Not Applicable]/[Specify if initial 
payment is to be used for anything other than the purchase 
of Original Collateral and/or making any payment under any 
Swap Agreement. Repo Agreement or SL Agreement, for 
example payment of costs]

--- Page 388 ---
APPENDIX 2 - FORM OF PRICING TERMS 
388
4
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION:
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
[CFI: 
[●]] (Include if Notes are listed) 
 
[FISN: 
[●]] (Include if Notes are listed) 
 
Any 
clearing 
system(s) 
other 
than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking 
S.A. 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[Specify name(s) and number(s) [and 
address(es)]] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against]/[free of] payment

--- Page 389 ---
GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS 
389
GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS 
€STR .................................................................. 45 
100% Noteholders .............................................. 97 
10-year Limitation Date .................................... 265 
2.5-year Limitation Date ................................... 265 
2006 ISDA Definitions ........................................ 97 
2021 ISDA Definitions ........................................ 97 
2021 ISDA Definitions Publication Version ........ 97 
30/360 .............................................................. 106 
30E/360 ............................................................ 106 
30E/360 (ISDA) ................................................ 106 
360/360 ............................................................ 106 
Accelerated or Matured .................................... 249 
Accessory Conditions ..................................... 1, 97 
Act/365L ........................................................... 107 
Actual Currency Proceeds ................................. 98 
Actual/360 ........................................................ 106 
Actual/365 (Fixed) ............................................ 106 
Actual/Actual .................................................... 105 
Actual/Actual-ICMA .......................................... 105 
Actual/Actual-ISDA ........................................... 105 
Additional CLN Conditions ............................... 233 
Additional Conditions Supplement ..................... 98 
Additional LPN ................................................. 249 
Additional Obligation ........................................ 250 
Adjustment Spread ....................................... 47, 98 
Administrator/Benchmark Event ......................... 98 
Administrator/Benchmark Event Date ................ 99 
AEOI ................................................................... 24 
Affected Classes ........................................ 99, 223 
Affected Instructing Noteholder .................. 99, 158 
Affected Partial Early Termination Date ............. 99 
Affected Partial Repo Termination Value ........... 99 
Affected Partial SL Termination Value ............... 99 
Affected Partial Swap Termination Value ......... 100 
Affected Payment ..................................... 100, 202 
Affected Payment Notice .......................... 100, 202 
Affected Reference Entity ................................ 250 
Affiliate ..................................................... 100, 250 
Agency Agreement ........................................... 100 
Agent ................................................................ 100 
Agents .............................................................. 100 
Aggregate Principal Amount ............................ 250 
Aggregate Undeliverable Original Collateral 
Amount ................................................. 100, 158 
Aggregated Note Entitlement ................... 100, 136 
AIF .................................................................... 311 
AIFM ................................................................. 311 
AIFMD .............................................................. 311 
Alternative Currency ......................................... 101 
Amendment Notice ................................... 249, 250 
AML Services Agreement ................................ 301 
Applicable Auction ............................................ 250 
Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement .... 251 
Applicable DC Credit Event Meeting 
Announcement ............................................. 251 
Applicable DC Credit Event Question .............. 251 
Applicable DC Credit Event Question Dismissal
 ...................................................................... 251 
Applicable DC No Credit Event Announcement 251 
Applicable Law.................................................. 207 
Applicable Proportion........................................ 251 
Applicable Resolution ....................................... 252 
Approved Original Collateral ............................. 323 
Approved Repo Counterparty ........................... 323 
Approved SL Counterparty ............................... 323 
Approved Swap Counterparty........................... 323 
Articles .............................................................. 299 
Asset ................................................................. 252 
Asset Market Value ........................................... 252 
Asset Package .................................................. 252 
Asset Package Credit Event ............................. 252 
Asset Package Delivery .................................... 252 
Assignable Loan ............................................... 253 
ATAD .................................................................. 29 
ATAD 1 ............................................................... 29 
ATAD 2 ............................................................... 29 
Auction .............................................................. 253 
Auction Cancellation Date ................................ 253 
Auction Final Price ............................................ 253 
Auction Final Price Determination Date ............ 253 
Authority ............................................................ 101 
Available Deliverable Collateral ........................ 101 
Available Proceeds ........................................... 101 
Bankruptcy ........................................................ 253 
Bankruptcy Credit Event ................................... 101 
Bankruptcy Event.............................................. 101 
Base Currency .................................................. 315 
Base Prospectus....................................... 339, 361 
Bearer Note ................................................ 13, 101 
BEPS .................................................................. 24 
BMR .......................................................... 339, 361 
Board ................................................................ 101 
Bond ................................................................. 254 
Bond Basis........................................................ 106 
Bond or Loan .................................................... 254 
Borrowed Money ............................................... 254 
Business Day .................................................... 101 
Business Day Convention................................. 102 
Calculation Agent.............................................. 102 
Calculation Agent Bankruptcy Event ................ 102 
Calculation Amount........................................... 102 
Calculation Amount Factor ............................... 102 
Calculation/252 ................................................. 107 
Cash Redemption Portion................................. 102 
CDS .................................................................. 233 
CEA .............................................................. 4, 329 
Central Bank ......................................................... 1 
Certificate .................................................... 13, 102 
Certification ....................................................... 102 
CFTC .................................................................... 5 
Change in Standard Hedging Terms ................ 254 
Classes ............................................................. 103 
clearing system ................................................. 324 
Clearing System Business Day ........................ 200 
Clearstream, Luxembourg .......................... 13, 103 
CLN Conditions Supplement ............................ 233

--- Page 390 ---
GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS 
390
Close-out Amount ............................................ 312 
Code ................................................................. 103 
Collateral ............................................ 85, 103, 226 
Collateral Obligor ............................................. 103 
Collateral Proceeds .......................................... 103 
Collateral Sale Agreement ............................... 103 
Combined Weighted Average Quotation .......... 254 
COMI .................................................................. 31 
Commission’s Proposal .................................... 328 
Common Depositary ........................................ 103 
Component Collateral .............................. 103, 124 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation .............. 254 
Conditions ........................................................ 103 
Conforming Reference Obligation .................... 254 
Consent Required Loan ................................... 254 
Couponholder ................................................... 104 
Coupons ........................................................... 104 
CRA Regulation ................................................... 2 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms .. 254 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 104, 
255 
Credit Event ..................................................... 255 
Credit Event Backstop Date ............................. 255 
Credit Event Loss Amount ............................... 255 
Credit Event Loss Valuation Date .................... 255 
Credit Event Notice .......................................... 256 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date ............ 256 
Credit Event Settlement Method ...................... 256 
Credit Linked Notes .......................................... 233 
Credit Support Annex ............................... 104, 117 
Credit Support Balance (VM) ................... 104, 313 
CRR ................................................................. 256 
CSA Cash Account ............................................ 42 
CSB Return Amount ......................... 104, 214, 216 
CSP Agreement ............................................... 300 
Currency Rate Source ...................................... 256 
Currency Unavailability Event .................. 104, 201 
Currency Unavailability Event Notice ....... 104, 202 
CUSIP .............................................................. 256 
Custodian ................................................... 12, 104 
Custodian Bankruptcy Event ............................ 104 
Custody Account .............................................. 104 
Custody Agreement ......................................... 104 
Cut-off Date ...................................................... 104 
D Rules Note .................................................... 105 
D1 ............................................................. 106, 107 
D2 ............................................................. 106, 107 
Day Count Fraction .......................................... 105 
DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date ...... 256 
DC Credit Event Announcement ...................... 256 
DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement ........ 256 
DC Credit Event Question ................................ 257 
DC Credit Event Question Dismissal ............... 257 
DC No Credit Event Announcement ................ 257 
DC Resolution .................................................. 257 
DC Rules .......................................................... 257 
DC Secretary .................................................... 257 
Dealer ............................................................... 107 
Dealer Agreement ............................................ 107 
Default Interest ......................................... 107, 174 
Default Requirement ........................................ 257 
Definitive Bearer Note ................................. 13, 107 
Definitive Registered Note ................................ 107 
Delayed Interest Payment Days ....................... 107 
Deliverable Cash Amount ................................. 108 
Deliverable Instruction Certificate ..................... 108 
Deliverable Obligation....................................... 257 
Deliverable Obligation Category ....................... 258 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic ................ 258 
Deliverable Obligation Provisions ..................... 258 
Deliverable Original Collateral Amount ............. 108 
Delivery Amount (VM) ....................................... 313 
Delivery Cap ..................................................... 314 
Delivery Date .................................................... 258 
Direct Loan Participation................................... 258 
Director ............................................................. 108 
Disposal Agent.................................................. 108 
Disposal Agent Bankruptcy Event .................... 108 
Disposal Agent Fees................................. 108, 121 
Distributions ...................................................... 316 
distributor .............................................. 3, 338, 360 
Dodd-Frank Act ................................................. 108 
Domestic Currency ........................................... 258 
Domestic Law ................................................... 258 
Downstream Affiliate ......................................... 258 
DTT ..................................................................... 30 
Due and Payable Amount ................................. 259 
Early Cash Redemption Amount ...................... 108 
Early Physical Redemption Amount ................. 109 
Early Redemption Amount ................................ 110 
Early Redemption Date............................. 110, 259 
Early Redemption Notice .................................. 111 
Early Redemption Trigger Date 111, 176, 179, 180, 
181, 182, 183, 184, 185, 186, 187, 188, 236, 
248 
Early Termination Date ..................................... 111 
Early Valuation Date ......................................... 111 
EEA ....................................................... 3, 338, 360 
EEA Regulated Market ..................................... 323 
Eligible Credit Support (VM) ............................. 313 
Eligible Currency ....................................... 313, 315 
Eligible Information ........................................... 259 
Eligible Transferee ............................................ 259 
EMIR ................................................................. 311 
Enforcement Event ........................................... 111 
Enforcement Notice .................................. 112, 214 
Equivalent Credit Support (VM) ........................ 314 
Equivalent Obligations ...................................... 112 
EU SFTR ............................................................ 70 
EURIBOR ........................................................... 45 
euro ................................................................... 112 
Eurobond Basis ................................................ 106 
Euroclear ............................................ 13, 112, 260 
Euronext Dublin .................................................... 1 
EUWA ........................................................... 3, 112 
Event Determination Date................................. 260 
Event of Default ........................................ 112, 187 
Excess Available Deliverable Collateral ........... 112 
Excess Available Deliverable Collateral Proceeds
 ...................................................................... 112 
Excluded Deliverable Obligation ....................... 261 
Excluded Obligation .......................................... 261

--- Page 391 ---
GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS 
391
Exercise Amount ...................................... 240, 261 
Exercise Cut-Off Date ...................................... 261 
Exercised Note ................................................. 112 
Expected Note Withholding Rate ..................... 112 
Expected Original Collateral Tax Rate ............. 113 
Expected Original Collateral Withholding Rate 113 
Exposure .......................................................... 314 
Extended Maturity Date .................................... 261 
Extension Date ................................................. 261 
Extraordinary Resolution .................................. 113 
Failure to Pay ................................................... 262 
FATCA ............................................................. 113 
FATCA Amendments ............................... 113, 207 
FATCA Amendments Certificate .............. 113, 207 
FATCA Test Date ............................................. 177 
FATCA Withholding .......................................... 113 
FFI ...................................................................... 26 
Final List ........................................................... 262 
Final Price ........................................................ 262 
Final Redemption Amount ................................ 113 
Final Terms .......................................... 1, 113, 339 
Financial Instruments and Exchange Act ......... 334 
First Obligation ................................................. 281 
First Ranking .................................................... 262 
First Ranking Interest ....................................... 262 
Fitch ............................................................. 2, 113 
Fixed Cap ......................................................... 263 
Fixed Rate Note ............................................... 113 
Fixed Recovery Notes ...................................... 263 
Fixed Recovery Percentage ............................. 263 
Floating Rate Matrix ......................................... 113 
Floating Rate Matrix Publication Version ......... 114 
Floating Rate Note ........................................... 114 
Following Business Day Convention ................ 114 
FSB .................................................................... 43 
FSCMA ............................................................. 335 
FSMA ..................................... 4, 15, 332, 338, 360 
FTT ................................................................... 328 
Full Quotation ................................................... 263 
Fully Transferable Obligation ........................... 263 
Further Subordinated Obligation ...................... 263 
FX Haircut Percentage ..................................... 315 
GEM ..................................................................... 1 
Global Certificate ........................................ 13, 114 
Global Note ...................................................... 114 
GMRA Master Agreement ................................ 114 
GMSLA Master Agreement .............................. 114 
Governmental Authority ........................... 114, 263 
Governmental Intervention ............................... 263 
Grace Period .................................................... 264 
Grace Period Business Day ............................. 264 
Grace Period Extension Date ........................... 265 
Guarantee ........................................................ 265 
holder ............................................................... 114 
IBORs ................................................................. 45 
ICMA Rule Book ............................................... 105 
Identical Collateral ............................................ 114 
IGA ............................................................. 24, 113 
IIR ....................................................................... 30 
Illegality Event .................................................. 114 
Indirect Obligor ................................................. 115 
Industry Standard Replacement Reference Rate
 .............................................................. 115, 142 
Ineligible Investor .............................................. 115 
Information Reporting Regime .......................... 115 
Initial Issuer Application Date ................... 115, 118 
Initial Reference Date ....................................... 115 
In-Scope Standalone Entity ................................ 31 
Instalment Amount ............................................ 115 
Instalment Date ................................................. 115 
Instalment Note ................................................. 115 
Instructing Noteholder Proportion ..................... 115 
Instructing Noteholder Undeliverable Percentage
 ...................................................................... 116 
Instructing Noteholders ............................. 116, 156 
Integral Multiples ................................................. 42 
interest .............................................................. 116 
Interest ...................................................... 262, 265 
Interest Amount ................................................ 116 
Interest Basis .................................................... 116 
Interest Commencement Date .......................... 116 
Interest Determination Date .............................. 116 
Interest Payment Date ...................................... 116 
Interest Period .................................................. 116 
Interest Period End Date .................................. 116 
Interest Rate (VM) ............................................ 316 
Investment Company Act ...................................... 5 
Investor’s Currency ............................................. 44 
Ireland IGA .......................................................... 25 
Irish Board ........................................................ 117 
Irish CSP ........................................................... 304 
Irish Issuer ........................................................ 117 
Irish Pillar 2 Legislation ....................................... 30 
Irish Share Trustee ........................................... 303 
ISDA ......................................................... 117, 265 
ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions .................. 117 
ISDA DC ............................................................. 65 
ISDA Definitions ................................................ 117 
ISDA Master Agreement ................................... 117 
ISDA Rate ......................................................... 117 
Issue Date ......................................................... 117 
Issue Deed........................................................ 117 
Issuer ................................................................ 118 
Issuer Application Date ..................................... 118 
Issuer Bankruptcy Event ................................... 118 
Issuer Call Condition ......................................... 119 
Issuer Call Period End Date ............................. 119 
Issuer Call Redemption Amount ....................... 120 
Issuer Call Redemption Date ............................ 120 
Issuer Call Settlement Date .............................. 120 
Issuer CSA Posted Collateral ............................. 69 
Issuing and Paying Agent ........................... 12, 120 
Issuing and Paying Agent Bankruptcy Event .... 120 
Japanese Branch .............................................. 299 
Japanese Pledge Agreement ........................... 120 
JCR ....................................................................... 2 
Jersey AEOI Regulations.................................... 24 
Jersey Board ..................................................... 120 
Jersey CSP ....................................................... 300 
Jersey IGA .......................................................... 24 
Jersey Issuer .................................................... 120 
Jersey Share Trustee ....................................... 299

--- Page 392 ---
GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS 
392
JFSC .................................................................... 3 
Joint Potential Successor ......................... 246, 265 
Joint Relevant Obligation ......................... 246, 265 
Korean Pledge Agreement ............................... 120 
Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan .... 265, 
279 
LEI ...................................................................... 11 
LIBOR ................................................................ 45 
Limitation Date ................................................. 265 
Linear Basket CLNs ......................................... 265 
Liquidate ........................................................... 120 
Liquidated ......................................................... 120 
Liquidating ........................................................ 120 
Liquidation ........................................................ 120 
Liquidation Commencement Date .................... 120 
Liquidation Commencement Notice ................. 120 
Liquidation Event .............................................. 121 
Liquidation Expenses ....................................... 121 
Liquidation Period ............................................ 121 
Listed ................................................................ 265 
Loan ................................................................. 265 
LPN .................................................................. 265 
LPN Issuer ....................................................... 265 
LPN Reference Entity ....................................... 265 
LPN Reference Obligation ............................... 265 
M(M)R Restructuring ........................................ 266 
M1 ............................................................ 106, 107 
M2 ............................................................ 106, 107 
Master Agency Terms ...................................... 121 
Master Collateral Sale Terms ........................... 121 
Master Conditions ............................................ 121 
Master Custody Terms ..................................... 121 
Master Dealer Terms ....................................... 121 
Master Definitions ............................................ 122 
Master Forms of Notes ..................................... 122 
Master Japanese Pledge Terms ...................... 122 
Master Korean Pledge Terms .......................... 122 
Master Repo Terms ......................................... 122 
Master Securities Lending Terms .................... 122 
Master Swap Terms ......................................... 122 
Master Terms Documents ................................ 122 
Master Trust Terms .......................................... 122 
Material Change Event ............................. 122, 140 
Material Change Event Date .................... 122, 140 
Maturity Cut-off Date ................................ 122, 219 
Maturity Date .................................................... 123 
Maturity Date Extension ................................... 265 
Maturity Date Liquidation Event ............... 121, 123 
Maximum Maturity ............................................ 266 
MiFID II ......................................... 1, 332, 338, 360 
MIFIR ............................................................... 311 
Minimum Transfer Amount ............................... 314 
Mintaka Declaration of Trust ............................ 299 
MLI ..................................................................... 24 
MNEs ................................................................. 30 
Modified Eligible Transferee ............................. 266 
Modified Following Business Day Convention . 123 
Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date266 
Moody’s ........................................................ 2, 123 
Mortgaged Property ................................. 123, 226 
Movement Option ............................................. 266 
Movement Option Cut-off Date ......................... 266 
Multiple Holder Obligation................................. 266 
Negative Interest............................................... 123 
negligence ........................................................ 193 
Net Margin Return Amount ............... 123, 215, 217 
New Original Collateral ............................. 123, 156 
No Auction Announcement Date ...................... 266 
Non-Affected Reference Entity ......................... 266 
Non-Conforming Reference Obligation............. 266 
Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation
 ...................................................................... 266 
Non-Contingent Amount ................................... 268 
Non-Financial Instrument .................................. 267 
Non-Physical Rounding Component......... 124, 125 
Non-Physically Deliverable Collateral ............... 123 
Non-Physically Deliverable Collateral Component
 ...................................................................... 124 
Non-Physically Deliverable Collateral Proceeds
 ...................................................................... 124 
Non-Physically Deliverable Early Redemption 
Amount .......................................................... 124 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation................. 267 
Non-Transferable Instrument ............................ 267 
Not Bearer ........................................................ 267 
Not Domestic Currency ..................................... 267 
Not Domestic Issuance ..................................... 267 
Not Domestic Law ............................................. 267 
Not Sovereign Lender ....................................... 267 
Not Subordinated .............................................. 267 
Note Entitlement ....................................... 125, 135 
Note Tax Event ......................................... 125, 176 
Noteholder ........................................................ 125 
Noteholder Early Redemption Option Exercise 
Notice .................................................... 125, 186 
Noteholder Early Redemption Option Period.... 125 
Notes .................................................... 1, 125, 226 
Notes Currency ................................................... 44 
Notes Extension Date ....................................... 267 
Notice Delivery Date ......................................... 267 
Notice Delivery Period ...................................... 267 
Notice of Publicly Available Information............ 268 
Obligation.......................................................... 125 
Obligation Acceleration ..................................... 268 
Obligation Category .......................................... 268 
Obligation Characteristics ................................. 268 
Obligation Currency .......................................... 268 
Obligation Default ............................................. 268 
OECD ................................................................. 29 
Official List ............................................................ 1 
Original Collateral ..................................... 125, 226 
Original Collateral Call/Put ................................ 126 
Original Collateral Call/Put Early Payment Date
 ...................................................................... 126 
Original Collateral Default ................................. 126 
Original Collateral Default Suspension Period. 127, 
188 
Original Collateral Disruption Event .................. 127 
Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendment 
Notice .................................................... 127, 197 
Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments
 ........................................................ 57, 127, 197

--- Page 393 ---
GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS 
393
Original Collateral Disruption Event Amendments 
Certificate ............................................. 127, 198 
Original Collateral Disruption Event Losses/Gains
 ...................................................................... 127 
Original Collateral Disruption Event No Action 
Notice ................................................... 128, 197 
Original Collateral Disruption Event Redemption 
Notice ................................................... 128, 198 
Original Collateral Obligor ................................ 128 
Original Collateral Obligor Bankruptcy ............. 128 
Original Collateral Obligor Default .................... 128 
Original Collateral Obligor Default Requirement
 ...................................................................... 129 
Original Collateral Obligor Failure to Pay ......... 129 
Original Collateral Obligor Governmental 
Intervention ................................................... 129 
Original Collateral Obligor Grace Period Business 
Day ............................................................... 131 
Original Collateral Obligor Guarantee .............. 131 
Original Collateral Obligor Obligation ............... 131 
Original Collateral Obligor Payment Requirement
 ...................................................................... 131 
Original Collateral Obligor Reference Date ...... 131 
Original Collateral Obligor Repudiation/Moratorium
 ...................................................................... 131 
Original Collateral Obligor Restructuring .......... 132 
Original Collateral Reference Rate .................. 133 
Original Collateral Substitution Amendments .. 134, 
156 
Original Collateral Substitution Criteria ............ 134 
Original Collateral Substitution Notice ...... 134, 156 
Original Collateral Tax Event ................... 134, 177 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation ... 268 
Original Obligation ............................................ 269 
Other Currency ................................................. 146 
outstanding ....................................................... 134 
Outstanding Principal Balance ......................... 268 
Package Observable Bond .............................. 270 
Parallel Auction ................................................ 270 
Parallel Auction Cancellation Date ................... 270 
Parallel Auction Settlement Terms ................... 270 
participating Member State .............................. 328 
Paying Agent(s) ................................................ 135 
Payment ........................................................... 270 
Payment Currency ................................... 135, 219 
Payment Requirement ..................................... 270 
Permanent Global Note .............................. 13, 135 
Permissible Deliverable Obligation .................. 270 
Permitted Contingency ..................................... 270 
Permitted Purchaser ............................................ 8 
Permitted Transfer ........................................... 271 
PG 2021 Accounts ............................................. 81 
PG 2022 Accounts ............................................. 81 
PG Constitution .................................................. 81 
PG Corporate Services Agreement .................. 304 
PG Shares ........................................................ 303 
PGN Exchange Date ........................................ 135 
Physical Redemption Amount .......................... 135 
Physical Rounding Component ................ 135, 136 
Physical Settlement Matrix ............................... 271 
Physical Top-Up Portion .................................. 136 
Pillar 2 Directive .................................................. 30 
Post-Dismissal Additional Period ...................... 271 
Potential Event of Default ................................. 137 
Potential Failure to Pay..................................... 271 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium .................... 271 
Preceding Business Day Convention ............... 137 
Pre-Conditions to Delivery ........................ 137, 190 
Pre-nominated Replacement Reference Rate .. 137 
Pricing Terms ........................................ 1, 137, 361 
PRIIPs Regulation ................................ 4, 338, 360 
principal ............................................................ 137 
Prior Deliverable Obligation .............................. 271 
Prior Reference Obligation ............................... 271 
Priority Fallback ........................................ 137, 196 
Private-side Loan .............................................. 271 
Proceedings ...................................................... 232 
Programme ................................................... 1, 137 
Programme Deed ......................................... 1, 137 
Prohibited Action............................................... 272 
Prospectus Regulation.......... 1, 137, 332, 338, 360 
Public Source .................................................... 272 
Publicly Available Information ........................... 272 
Published Average Rate ................................... 138 
Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee ........................... 272 
Qualifying Guarantee ........................................ 272 
Quantum of the Claim ....................................... 270 
Quotation .......................................................... 273 
Quotation Amount ............................................. 274 
Quotation Dealer............................................... 274 
R&I ................................................................ 2, 138 
Rate of Interest ................................................. 138 
Rated Entity .............................................. 138, 205 
Rating Agency .................................................. 138 
Rating Agency Affirmation ................................ 138 
RBA Bond Basis ............................................... 107 
Receipts ............................................................ 138 
Record Date .............................................. 138, 200 
Redemption/Payment Basis ............................. 138 
Reference Business Day .................................. 138 
Reference Entity ............................................... 275 
Reference Entity Notional Amount.................... 275 
Reference Entity Obligation .............................. 275 
Reference Entity Weighting .............................. 275 
Reference Obligation ........................................ 275 
Reference Obligation Only................................ 276 
Reference Rate........................................... 43, 139 
Reference Rate Cessation................................ 139 
Reference Rate Default Event .................. 139, 185 
Reference Rate Event ...................................... 139 
Reference Rate Event Notice ................... 140, 194 
Reference Rate Trade Date.............................. 140 
Register ............................................................ 140 
Registered Note .......................................... 13, 140 
Registrar ..................................................... 12, 140 
Regular Settlement Day.................................... 315 
Regulated Market ................................................. 1 
Regulation S ..................................................... 329 
Regulatory Requirement Amendments..... 140, 227 
Regulatory Requirement Amendments Certificate
 .............................................................. 140, 228 
Regulatory Requirement Event......................... 140

--- Page 394 ---
GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS 
394
Related Swap ................................................... 233 
Relevant Accountholder ........................... 140, 159 
Relevant City Business Day ............................. 276 
Relevant Date .................................................. 140 
Relevant Guarantee ......................................... 276 
Relevant Holder ....................................... 276, 316 
Relevant Member State ....................................... 3 
Relevant Nominating Body ............................... 140 
Relevant Noteholder Proportion ....................... 140 
Relevant Obligations ........................................ 277 
Relevant Party .................................................... 78 
Relevant Payment Date ................................... 141 
Relevant Regulatory Law ................................. 141 
Relevant Regulatory Law Reference Date ....... 142 
Remaining Original Collateral .................. 142, 209 
Remaining Repo Counterparty Claim Amount 142, 
215, 217 
Remaining SL Counterparty Claim Amount .... 142, 
215, 217 
Remaining Swap Counterparty Claim Amount 142, 
214, 216 
Replacement Reference Rate .......................... 142 
Replacement Reference Rate Amendments ... 142, 
195 
Replacement Reference Rate Amendments 
Certificate ............................................. 142, 195 
Replacement Reference Rate Ancillary 
Amendments ........................................ 142, 194 
Replacement Reference Rate Notice ....... 142, 195 
Repo Acceleration ............................................ 319 
Repo Agreement ................................ 12, 142, 226 
Repo Agreement Event .................................... 142 
Repo Cash Account ........................................... 42 
Repo Counterparty ..................................... 12, 143 
Repo Counterparty Bankruptcy Event .............. 143 
Repo Posted Collateral .................................... 143 
Repo Purchased Securities .............................. 161 
Repo Termination Event .................................. 143 
Repo Transaction ............................................. 143 
Representative Statement Event ............. 139, 143 
Representative Statement Event Date ..... 139, 143 
Republic of Korea ............................................. 335 
Repudiation/Moratorium ................................... 277 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date ........ 277 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition .. 277 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice ....... 278 
Required Ratings ............................................. 144 
Residual Amount .............................................. 144 
Resolve ............................................................ 278 
Resolved .......................................................... 144 
Restructured Bond or Loan .............................. 278 
Restructuring .................................................... 278 
Restructuring Date ........................................... 279 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date ............. 279 
Return Amount (VM) ........................................ 314 
Risk-Free Rate Event ............................... 139, 144 
Risk-Free Rate Event Date ...................... 139, 144 
ROO Substitution Event ................................... 248 
Rule 4.7 ........................................................ 4, 329 
S&P .............................................................. 2, 144 
Scheduled Maturity Date .................................. 279 
SEC .................................................................... 27 
Second Obligation ............................................ 281 
Section 110 Regime ........................................... 27 
Secured Creditor ....................................... 144, 226 
Secured Payment Obligations .................. 144, 226 
Securities Act ........................................ 4, 144, 329 
Securities Collateral ............................................ 71 
Security ....................................................... 11, 144 
Security Document ........................................... 144 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes ............................. 280 
Senior Non-Preferred Obligation ...................... 280 
Senior Obligation .............................................. 280 
Senior Reference Entity .................................... 280 
Seniority Level .................................................. 280 
Series ............................................................ 1, 144 
Series Prospectus ................................................. 1 
Settlement Exercise Notice ............................... 144 
Settlement Option Cut-off Date......................... 144 
SFTR .................................................................. 70 
Shares .............................................................. 299 
Single Name CLN ............................................. 280 
SL Agreement ..................................... 12, 145, 226 
SL Agreement Event......................................... 145 
SL Cash Account ................................................ 42 
SL Counterparty.......................................... 12, 145 
SL Counterparty Bankruptcy Event .................. 145 
SL Net Margin ................................... 145, 215, 217 
SL Net Margin Return Amount .......... 145, 215, 217 
SL Posted Collateral ......................................... 145 
SL Termination Event ....................................... 145 
SL Transaction .................................................. 146 
SOFR .................................................................. 45 
Sole Noteholder ................................................ 146 
SONIA ................................................................. 45 
Sovereign.......................................................... 280 
Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation 280 
Sovereign Succession Event ............................ 280 
special quorum resolution ................................. 146 
Specified Currency ................................... 146, 280 
Specified Currency Equivalent.......................... 146 
Specified Currency Proceeds ........................... 146 
Specified Denomination .................................... 146 
Specified Number ............................................. 281 
Specified Office ................................................. 146 
SRO List ........................................................... 281 
Standard Linear Interpolation ........................... 146 
Standard Reference Obligation ........................ 281 
Standard Specified Currency ............................ 281 
Steps Plan ........................................................ 281 
Subordinated Obligation ................................... 281 
Subordinated Reference Entity ......................... 281 
Subordination.................................................... 281 
Substance Law ................................................. 325 
Substitute Reference Obligation ....................... 282 
Substitution Date .............................................. 282 
Substitution Event ............................................. 282 
Substitution Event Date .................................... 282 
Succession Date ............................................... 282 
Successor ................................................. 146, 282 
Successor Backstop Date................................. 284 
Successor Notice .............................................. 284

--- Page 395 ---
GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS 
395
Successor Resolution Request Date ............... 284 
Suspended Interest Payment Date .......... 238, 284 
Suspended Payment Date ............................... 188 
Swap Agreement ................................ 12, 147, 226 
Swap Agreement Event ................................... 147 
Swap Counterparty .......................................... 147 
Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event ............. 147 
Swap Counterparty CSA Posted Collateral ...... 147 
Swap Termination Event .................................. 147 
Swap Transaction ............................................ 147 
Swap/Repo/Securities Lending Amendments . 146, 
226 
Swap/Repo/Securities Lending Amendments 
Certificate ............................................. 146, 227 
T2 ..................................................................... 147 
Talon ................................................................ 148 
TARGET Business Day .................................... 148 
TARGET Settlement Date ................................ 284 
TCA .................................................................... 27 
TEFRA ....................................................... 21, 327 
TEFRA C .................................................... 21, 327 
TEFRA D .................................................... 21, 327 
Temporary Global Note .............................. 13, 148 
Term ................................................................. 284 
Termination Payment ....................................... 148 
TGN Exchange Date ........................................ 148 
Tier 2 Subordinated Obligation ........................ 284 
Title Transfer Arrangement ................................ 70 
Title Transfer Counterparty ................................ 70 
Trade Date ....................................................... 284 
Traditional Subordinated Obligation ................. 284 
Tranche ........................................................ 1, 148 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms ............ 284 
Transaction Document ..................................... 148 
Transaction Party ............................................. 148 
Transaction Type ............................................. 285 
Transfer Agent ................................................... 12 
Transfer Agent(s) ............................................. 148 
Transferable ..................................................... 285 
Transferee .......................................... 71, 148, 313 
Transferor ........................................... 71, 148, 313 
Trust Deed ........................................................ 148 
Trustee ........................................................ 12, 148 
Trustee Application Date .................................. 148 
U.S. ................................................................... 149 
U.S. Credit Risk Retention Rules .................. 4, 329 
U.S. Person ...................................................... 149 
UK ......................................................... 3, 338, 360 
UK PRIIPs Regulation .......................... 4, 338, 360 
UK Prospectus Regulation............ 3, 148, 338, 360 
UK SFTR ............................................................ 70 
Undeliverable Original Collateral Amount ......... 149 
Underlying Finance Instrument ................. 250, 285 
Underlying Loan........................................ 249, 285 
Underlying Obligation ............................... 149, 285 
Underlying Obligor .................................... 149, 285 
unit .................................................................... 194 
United States .................................................... 149 
Universal Successor ......................................... 285 
Unrounded Note Entitlement Component ......... 149 
Unscheduled Holiday ........................................ 149 
UTPR .................................................................. 30 
Valuation Agent ................................................ 315 
Valuation Date .................................................. 315 
Valuation Obligation Valuation Date ......... 243, 285 
Valuation Obligations ........................................ 285 
Valuation Percentage ....................................... 315 
Valuation Time .................................................. 285 
Value ................................................................. 314 
Variable-linked Interest Rate Note .................... 149 
Vendor .............................................................. 149 
Vienna MTF .......................................................... 2 
Vienna Stock Exchange........................................ 2 
Voting Shares ................................................... 285 
Weighted Average Quotation............................ 285 
X 314 
Y 314 
Y1 ............................................................. 106, 107 
Y2 ............................................................. 106, 107 
Zero Coupon Note ............................................ 149

--- Page 396 ---
Jersey Issuer
Irish Issuer
Mintaka Limited 
2nd Floor  
Sir Walter Raleigh House 
48-50 Esplanade 
St. Helier  
KY1-1104 
JE2 3QB  
Jersey
Premium Green PLC 
3rd Floor 
Block 5 
Irish Life Centre 
1 Abbey Street Lower 
Dublin 1 
Ireland
Trustee
Custodian, Issuing and Paying Agent, Registrar 
and Transfer Agent
HSBC Corporate Trustee Company (UK) Limited 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom
Arranger, Dealer, Disposal Agent, Calculation 
Agent, Swap Counterparty, Repo Counterparty, 
SL Counterparty and Vendor
Dealer
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
Crédit Agricole Securities Asia B.V. 
Shiodome Sumitomo Building 15th Floor 
1-9-2, Higashi-Shimbashi, Minato-ku 
Tokyo 105-0021
Legal Advisers
to the Arranger and the Trustee in 
respect of English law 
Linklaters LLP
One Silk Street 
London 
EC2Y 8HQ 
United Kingdom 
to the Jersey Issuer 
in respect of Jersey law 
Maples and Calder (Jersey) LLP
2nd Floor, Sir Walter Raleigh House 
48-50 Esplanade 
St. Helier 
JE2 3QB 
Jersey 
to the Irish Issuer 
in respect of Irish law 
Arthur Cox LLP
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2  
Ireland 
Listing Agent
Maples and Calder (Ireland) LLP 
75 St. Stephen’s Green 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
Printed by:  
Linklaters Business Services 
One Silk Street 
London 
EC2Y 8HQ 
A52830034